This hotel was nice and quiet. Did not know, there was train track near by. But it was only few train passed during our stay. Best Western changed hotel classification. The Plus category are not the same as before.
We stayed in the king suite with the separation between the bedroom and the living space. The sofa bed wasn't very good I had back discomfort by the day we left on our three night stay. The room is clean, and the king bed very comfortable. This hotel is located within walking distance to most places you will want to... More
Parking was horrible, somebody ran into my rental car while staying there. I didn't get to try the breakfast, I was there for business so the restaurant opened to late for the business world to enjoy, I had to asked for coffee for my room, And the items in the vending machine were stale.
Not cheap but excellent location. Price is somewhat standard for not hacing reservations. But room was nice and clean. They offer good continental breakfast which is a plus and compensates. Front desk service and personnel where excellent. It is Carmel, no A/C in rooms but they have a fan for air circulation.
If you get the room that they advertised on the website and for what you paid, you may be lucky.If you stay many days , they will give you the not so good rooms.Nobody wants to stay in these rooms: low light/dark rooms, near pool, noisy, smelly bathrooms, or difficult access. If you stay one-two days you will get probably... More
This is such a fun, lovely hotel. The attention to detail is impressive, from the thicker rimmed water glasses to the extra fluffy towels. Loved the vibrant art which lends itself to a hip vibe. My only disappointment was at their restaurant, the Lockbox. The menu is just trying too hard. I am a fairly adventurous eater but each of... More
We recently stayed at this hotel on a trip to Lexington with other friends. Our group shared the feeling that we would not be back. We routinely waited more than 10 minutes for elevators. The workout room is tiny with 2 treadmills and 2 cheap elliptical machines that rocked off the floor when in use. Everything about the hotel seemed... More
I reserved a room a week in advance, knowing a motel is usually not great accommodations but we were just passing thru during the longest yard sale. I was quoted 50 over the phone and given our room numbers as a confirmation number and she...More
MoreMore
Hello, I have traveled a lot and abroad and by far this is the worst place i have ever booked. i paid got the key and walked in. OMG the place is HORRIBLE. this place is one of those hotels they show in horror movies where they kill people. I kid you not! this place is horrible. i only stayed... More
