This hotel was nice and quiet. Did not know, there was train track near by. But it was only few train passed during our stay. Best Western changed hotel classification. The Plus category are not the same as before.
We stayed in the king suite with the separation between the bedroom and the living space. The sofa bed wasn't very good I had back discomfort by the day we left on our three night stay. The room is clean, and the king bed very comfortable. This hotel is located within walking distance to most places you will want to... More
Parking was horrible, somebody ran into my rental car while staying there. I didn't get to try the breakfast, I was there for business so the restaurant opened to late for the business world to enjoy, I had to asked for coffee for my room, And the items in the vending machine were stale.
Not cheap but excellent location. Price is somewhat standard for not hacing reservations. But room was nice and clean. They offer good continental breakfast which is a plus and compensates. Front desk service and personnel where excellent. It is Carmel, no A/C in rooms but they have a fan for air circulation.
If you get the room that they advertised on the website and for what you paid, you may be lucky.If you stay many days , they will give you the not so good rooms.Nobody wants to stay in these rooms: low light/dark rooms, near pool, noisy, smelly bathrooms, or difficult access. If you stay one-two days you will get probably... More
This is such a fun, lovely hotel. The attention to detail is impressive, from the thicker rimmed water glasses to the extra fluffy towels. Loved the vibrant art which lends itself to a hip vibe. My only disappointment was at their restaurant, the Lockbox. The menu is just trying too hard. I am a fairly adventurous eater but each of... More
We recently stayed at this hotel on a trip to Lexington with other friends. Our group shared the feeling that we would not be back. We routinely waited more than 10 minutes for elevators. The workout room is tiny with 2 treadmills and 2 cheap elliptical machines that rocked off the floor when in use. Everything about the hotel seemed... More
I reserved a room a week in advance, knowing a motel is usually not great accommodations but we were just passing thru during the longest yard sale. I was quoted 50 over the phone and given our room numbers as a confirmation number and she...More
MoreMore
Hello, I have traveled a lot and abroad and by far this is the worst place i have ever booked. i paid got the key and walked in. OMG the place is HORRIBLE. this place is one of those hotels they show in horror movies where they kill people. I kid you not! this place is horrible. i only stayed... More
This is a new Hampton Inn and is well decorated. The color scheme gives a feeling of luxury and is very restful. The beds are comfortable and the black out curtains keep the room dark for a good nights sleep. The entrance is a little difficult to find so look closely for the sign. The staff was very friendly and... More
I stayed here for three nights while I explored nearby Santa Barbara. This place is ok for a night or two, if you can live the excess noise coming from the freeway, then three nights is just about doable
Completely accommodating hotel! I booked a reservation last minute day of, used points to offset the cost and even called the front desk to ask for a little help. They were completely kind and welcoming, especially accommodating while under construction. Thank you!
The water is very hot and there's no cold water at all... It's awful.. The food is not good.. The staff is friendly and very nice.. More upscale items should be offered for the price of the room at 200. A night! Snacks, toiletries, menus and food and drinks offered.. Promote your business... I'm sorry to hear we didn't exceed your expectations but thank you for bringing these issues to our attention. We take your feedback seriously and will share it with the staff. I hope we'll get another opportunity to make a better impression when you return to New Orleans. Feel free to contact me if you would like to discuss your stay further. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Great staff and rooms. Housekeeping was always spot on--we never saw them come in, and it was in perfect order when we came back to our rooms. The hotel is close to everything, French Quarter, museums, business district, etc. And we got a GREAT price for our stay. It's an excellent value--highly recommend to anyone visiting New Orleans!
This Hotel, formerly a prestigious bank, may be attractive for history buffs, but is an expensive and horrible place to stay when you visit New Orleans. The rooms are SMALL, unattractive, with terrible old bedding, virtually without windows or amenities. Parking was 38/day, and it took 35 min. to get your vehicle. Almost no lobby or sitting area, the restaurant was small, understaffed, with a severely limited menu. The commode was crammed into a tiny bathroom, and we had to call down to get them to bring up an old beat-up refrigerator. There are SO Many other more attractive places to stay in New Orleans, less expensive, I would avoid this place like the plague.Thank you for your review. I'm sorry to hear that we did not exceed your expectations but we'll use this information to provide better services in the future. Thank you for giving us the opportunity to hear about your visit. Sincerely,Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Very accommodating staff. Competitive pricing for downtown N.O. convenient location. Comfortable room. Good food in restaurant. Broken exercise equipment. 'fitness club' is a bit of a misnomer. We can recommend this to anyone else for a good place to stay with great location for many attractions.Thank you very much for your comments about your most recent stay with us at the Whitney Hotel! We are working on getting updated exercise equipment and I'm sorry it wasn't ready for you by the time you arrived. I am happy to hear that you had such an enjoyable stay overall and we hope to see you again the next time you come to New Orleans!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Room was much larger than I expected, and water and fridge were offered for my room - had everything I needed. Nice basic breakfast was included. Room was very clean and everyone here was friendly! Would stay again. We're thrilled to hear you had a great New Orleans experience at the Whitney Hotel. Thank you for mentioning the breakfast and the cleanliness of the rooms. Our staff strives for excellence and I'm glad to see that was provided. We hope to see you again soon. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
The Whitney Hotel is ideally located to see most of the sights of New Orleans. I would say it is a place to lay your head but I found the restaurant poor in terms of food choice and quality. The room phone did not work, no room service offered and the room can be noisy as it overlooks a major road. Overall, I think we can do better on my next trip to New Orleans.Thank you mentioning how you enjoyed the location and cleanliness of the Hotel, I'll pass that information along. I'm sorry to hear about the telephone and will have Engineering test the line. On behalf of the Management of the restaurant, please accept my apologies. I'll make sure they get a copy of this review. Thank you again for your candid comments and we'll use this information to provide better services in the future. If we can be of any other assistance, please don't hesitate to contact us. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
This is an old hotel in very good location. A 5 minute walk to Bourbon Street and Harrahs' Casino. A 15 min walk will get you to Caffe DuMonde and the French Market. Although old, the hotel is well kept and the staff is efficient. I found the room a little bit small, but confortable.Thank you for your recent stay at the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans! We're glad to hear you enjoyed your visit and look forward to hosting you again soon. Please don't hesitate to contact us directly for your next New Orleans get-a-way!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
The hotel is historic and yet modern. Full of history. The hotel is conveniently located in the heart of New Orleans. Blocks from the French Quater and the Riverfront. The staff was very courtis and very knowledgeable. Always there to help get you where you want to be. Just one block to Mothers one of the local best restaurants. Totally enjoyed my stay On behalf of the staff at the Whitney Hotel, thank you so much for your recent visit and for the wonderful review. We'll share your praise with our staff and sincerely hope we'll get to see you again soon. Thank you, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
This hotel aptly named the Whitney Hotel as it was the location of the Whitney Bank.Several of the features of the bank era are there to be seen such as the strong room doors and related features.This hotel is in a very good location very close to local transportation - buses and streetcars.A short walk takes you to many places to eat, drink and shop.Less than ten minutes walk to Canal Street, Bourbon Street and Royal Street.Pleasant ambience, friendly staff and comfortable rooms. We had a noisy air con and after underlining our concerns were moved to another room and provided with free on the house breakfast.The hotel has partnership with some eating/licensed businesses plus a two for one offer for Mardi Gras World.Thank you for your recent stay at the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans! We're glad to hear you enjoyed your visit and look forward to hosting you again soon. Please don't hesitate to contact us directly for your next New Orleans get-a-way!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Such a beautiful hotel! LOVED the lobby and the bank vault. It was so unique and interesting. Our suite was so beautiful and very comfortable. We would like to thank the staff for taking such good care of us.Your knowledge of your wonderful city was so helpful. The Russells Thank you for your review of the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans! We're so happy to hear you enjoyed your stay and we appreciate the feedback. If there is anything we can do to make your next visit to the Whitney better, please don't hesitate to let us know. Thank you and we look forward to seeing you again soon!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
We recently had the opportunity to travel to New Orleans and we chose to stay at the Whitney based on user reviews, location, and price. The room was very nice and was really clean. The hotel was well decorated. The one big call out I have is that the restaurant accepts room charges and cash only! As a rule, I won't support a business that doesn't accept credit cards for payment. Valet parking or a paid lot across the street are your parking options.Thank you for recent visit to the Whitney Hotel and for your kind comments. I'll be sure to pass this along to the staff. Please let us know if you need any reservation assistance in the future. Thank you, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Our room was beautiful, the location was wonderful just a couple of blocks from shopping, Bourbon Street and an easy walk to Jackson Square. There are great restaurants in walking distance as well as the restaurant in the hotel. Dinner in the vault was fabulous.The service was outstanding.Even one of the maintenance men held doors for me and gave great advice on where to eat. Loved it and can't wait to go back. Thanks especially to Jason who really took great care of us.We appreciate your recent visit to the Whitney Hotel and are so happy to hear you enjoy your stay! We'll pass along your kind comments to the staff and we look forward to hosting your next New Orleans trip! Feel free to call the hotel directly for any travel needs. Thank you, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Excellent service and location was perfect. Have been in New Orleans numerous times so we didnt need to be in the heart of French Quarter which could be very noisy. dont get me wrong, love a good time let the good times roll but when I want to sleep I prefer quite.. Staff very helpful , great new restaurants in warehouse district....Thank you for the great review and for your recent visit to the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans. We certainly appreciate the kind words and we are looking forward to hosting your next trip to the Big Easy!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
I will never consider staying at the Whitney after my epic night of uncomfortable room temperatures and a night's sleep on the hardest, cheapest mattress I've every experienced. The hotel staff was nonexistent and are complaints were only listened to AFTER check-out.Thank you for your review. I'm sorry to hear that we did not exceed your expectations but we'll use this information to provide better services in the future. Thank you for giving us the opportunity to hear about your visit. Sincerely,Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
The hotel was alright, this was my second stay at this hotel after my first experience I recieved a comp night to get a better experience. My second experience was about the same, rude staff, bugs in room, room wasn't cleaned when asked and many other things to add on this. For the price of the nights I did pay for, it would be been better to go to another hotel with more comfortable beds. Thank you for your candid review. Upon checking out on Sunday, our Guest Services Manager asked you if your stay was enjoyable, you told him that everything was fine. You certainly didn't mention any of the complaints you list here. We also noted you called for Housekeeping Service to remove trash and bring up fresh towels to your room in the early afternoon on Saturday, declining a full service. Upon reported completion of that task, a Courtesy Call Back was made and you told our Guest Services Agent that everything was delivered to your satisfaction. It's disheartening to read that you had complaints only after you left the property, even though attempts to verify your satisfaction were made by the staff here and, at the time, confirmed by you. We thank you for giving us another opportunity. We sincerely hope you enjoyed your time in New Orleans. As always, if we can be of any other assistance, please don't hesitate to contact us. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Managercasey.callaiswhitneyHotel.com
Nice locationGood staff Th rooms need to be Aired and to ne cleaned.Th breakfast is a shameTh location is goodWe dont recommanded this hotel as for th quality or th rooms as for the quality of th breakfast server into plastic platesDear Guest,Thank you very much for visiting our hotel and for sharing the details of your stay. Our culture is to ensure that we create the best experience for each and every one of our guests. We are disappointed that you experienced some issues and we did not meet your expectations. Please know that we are working on upgrading our product in the near future. We are sorry that is was not up to expectations this time. I have shared your review with my colleagues so we can address these concerns for our future guests. Because of honest feedback we are able to constantly improve ourselves among the marketplace.
Recently stayed at the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans. The hotel was an exceptional experience from the old 1910 building to the amazing queen suite. We would make any future visits to New Orleans included a stay at the Whitney Hotel. Front desk staff helpful, friendly and very informational about locations in the city. Parking was somewhat priced out there but the valet service took good care of our truck and promptly brought it to us when we called for it. Would recommend this hotel to anyone that wants to experience New Orleans in actual history and ambience.Thank you for the great review and for your recent visit to the Whitney Hotel! We'll pass along your kind comments to the staff and look forward to seeing you again soon. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral ManagerCasey.CallaisWhitneyHotel.com
Unfortunately, it is not a place to have confidence. One of my children left a small amount of money in the car. When we left the hotel we realized they had stolen it. Although it was little amount of money, the fact is equally repudiable.Thank you for your feedback. We appreciate your recent visit and will use the information you provided here to enable additional training and exceed future expectations. Please accept my apologies for not doing so during this visit. I hope you'll consider giving us another opportunity to make a better impression during your next visit. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
My husband and I stayed for 4 nights with my 13 month old son and our experience was disappointing from the moment we checked in. When we made our reservation on the phone, we requested a crib for my son and were told it would be no problem. When we arrived we were shocked to see a pack-n-play rather than a crib and they didn't even provide us with a sheet. We called the front desk and demanded a crib. After a few hours, a crib was brought to our room... without even a crib sheet. After many phone calls to the front desk asking for a crib sheet we received a full size sheet for a crib. Apparently not a single person who worked there even knows what a crib sheet is. In addition to the crib and sheet fiasco, the carpeting in our suite was buckling and we almost tripped over it several times. There were also some sink holes in the bedroom. It seems that the hotel is about to undergo a much needed renovation, so hopefully they can also improve their customer service. The location of the hotel was the main reason we chose it, and it does have the potential to be a lovely boutique type hotel with some updates.Thank you for your candid feedback. I'm sorry to hear we didn't meet your needs initially with the crib. We've found that most prefer a soft-side crib over the steel framed ones. Once your requests were understood, though, our desk agents promptly retrieved a crib that was to your liking. We truly do appreciate your feedback and will use to provide better experiences. Thank you. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
What a wonderful weekend spent with my husband. Staff, Food, Rooms, everything was great. So welcoming and professional from arriving to departure. Location is perfect. Not to busy, but many thing within walking distance to explore in the big city. Defiantly will be back soon... Wouldn't stay anywhere else! Thank you for your recent visit to the Whitney Hotel. We're so happy to hear you enjoyed your stay and look forward to hosting your next trip to New Orleans!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
This was a beautiful hotel. All the things that made it a bank are still there, reminding you of the lovely banks that we used to have. The fact that part of the building is still an operating bank was a surprise. Everything was lovely. I did not eat in the restaurant because the rest of my party wanted to go other places , but we should have eaten there. We went to Mother's we had the worst meal that any of us ever had. I would highly recommend this hotel for a great stay its location.We're so happy to hear you enjoyed your stay at the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans and we appreciate the great review. We look forward to hosting your next stay, feel free to contact us for future reservations.Thank you, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
The staff was courteous, friendly and helpful. However, the hotel itself seemed to be a hodgepodge of various updates through the years. It seems staff has been trained to blame it on Katrina but when you stay its clear that the owner has not sufficiently maintained the facility through the years and when maintenance was performed, done so at the cheapest cost no matter how unsightly. the hotel has a lot of potential but is not a boutique by any stretch of the imagination. the windows are original so they are thin. curtains did not properly open and close. AC was loud and inconsistent at keeping a steady temp. using an old mercury thermostat. continental breakfast was paltry compared to others hotels.Dear Josephcarter2018,Thank you for taking the time to review our property. I apologize that your stay fell short of our high service standards. We truly consider all feedback to be a critical part of our success. We pride ourselves on the high levels of service provided to our guests and I am very sorry to hear that was not the case during your stay. Your honest feedback is greatly important to us as we continue working to make improvements and please rest assured that your comments have been heard and passed along to senior management. Thank you again and I truly hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back to visit again in the future.
My wife and I recently spent 5 nights at the Whitney Hotel. We chose it for its mid-way location between the WWII and the Ogden Art Museums, and the French Quarter. It is also only a block from the Charles St. trolley to the Garden District.Our 6th floor king-bed room was a little small by king standards, but didn't feel cramped. The only smallness inconvenience was a lack of night stand and light on one side of the bed (no room). The bed and pillows were excellent and the room clean. The bath room had ample space for both of our toiletry bags, and there was a nice tub/shower with great towels. The provided shampoo and other products were of high quality.Since our room was directly above Poydras Street, a busy thoroughfare, we expected some noise and on the first night, which coincided with a Saints NFL game, we got it. However the noise subsided about 10 PM after the game traffic cleared and each of the subsequent nights were pleasantly quiet. The A/C was efficient and quiet.This is a smaller hotel (compared with the mammoth nearby Sheraton) and the staff were always available and pleasant. There is a restaurant on the premises (we only had one breakfast there - very good) but many, many fine restaurants in all price ranges are within 5-10 min walking distance. I felt the hotel was a great value for the price and would gladly stay again.We're so happy to hear you enjoyed your stay at the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans! Thank you for the great review and we look forward to seeing you again soon. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
We booked this hotel as it offered close proximity to the the centre of New Orleans and it offered disabled facilities in 'superior' rooms. We arrived late because we took the Amtrak from New York 36hrs we arrived at 21.30, very tired. Expecting a decent night sleep we were told they did not have a double room with a disabled friendly shower but a single room on the 7th Floor(they had elevators) with the correct shower. They asked was this acceptable We were so tired we said yes Ok. We were then informed that we would be charges an additional 50 per night for 12 nights for 'extras'. Extras we asked what extras/ Food, movies, drinks, breakfast.We were so tired we said OK. They then hit my card for 3000 - before leaving London we had agreed with our card company that no transaction would exceed 2800 as we had had stolen/lost cards in the past. We had forgotten this limit and the receptionist said the card was rejected. We could not work out why this had happened. So we paid for 1 night with the intention to sort the problem in the morning. However when we went up to the room we were delighted with the bathroom and felt that the size of the room was just about adequate. I was still upset about the card being rejected so I called the 'local' number of my bank. They confirmed there were no problems but reminded me of the limit I had set. As the room did not have a fridge or safe and as we were so tired I decided to deal with the problems in the morning. The following day I went to reception and the manager (i presume) allowed me to pay the bill account on 2 cards saying he understood why this had happened. I asked anbot a fridge he said it would be delivered. There was no safe available. I was not asked to pay the 'extra' this time so payment was made of a further 2200 split on the 2 cards. We went out and on our return found a fridge of 3ft square in the bedroom - so large that it hampered access to the bathroom. We had eaten out so thought we would watch a movie. The TV in our room refused to show us what was available so I rang reception - only no the line was still connected to my European Bamk on the local number. This phone call connection lasted 3 days.and paid 17.98 3minute . So, in spite of my disability I went down to reception and was told that they did not offer movies! As i had paid I could not afford to move and so we were stuck in this hotel. Finally on our last day no one helped with the luggage. I would write a lot but no more room We're glad you found the room size adequate and were delighted with the bathroom. I'm sorry to hear your bank gave you so much trouble with your credit card but happy to hear the desk manager was able to work around it. The reason you didn't have movies is because the 50.00 per night hold for incidentals (like movies, room charges, etc.) was waived due to the issues you were having with your bank and the monetary limits you had set. Also, (and again, in an effort to make you more comfortable) a fridge was placed in your room. I'm sorry to hear you thought it was too large but it's the smallest one we had. Additionally, your phone charges were waived when you didn't disconnect the International call. I am truly sorry to hear you did not enjoy your experience at the Whitney Hotel but it sounds like the staff went above and beyond to serve you and you were satisfied with the room so thank you again for mentioning that. If there is further information you would like me to review, please don't hesitate to contact me. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Special birthday trip for 5 days. We narrowed our choices on Hotels.com to finally choose The Whitney. We stay at many 'upscale' hotels in our business travels, and wanted an 'experience'. Location - perfect, a couple of blocks to the French Quarter, 3 or 4 to the Riverwalk, great food nearby. Starting with Earl (the Pearl) checking us in, and Michelle (long brown hair) made us feel comfortable far beyond the typical experience. They were knowledgeable and available for any of our needs wants, as other staff including housekeeping, they are great!Cleanliness rates a 10+Southern Hospitality 10+We're so glad to hear you enjoyed your visit to the New Orleans and thank you for staying at the Whitney Hotel. Your feedback is valuable to us and I'll share your great comments with our staff. If we can be of any other assistance to you, please feel free to call us directly. We look forward to hosting your next visit to the Big Easy!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral ManagerCasey.CallaisWhitneyHotel.com
The Hotel is within easy distance of both the French Quarter and the Warehouse district. This is a historic building built as a bank and office use, so rooms may be smaller than a normal hotel, but the building has character. The staff was 5 star by being attentive, friendly, and helpful. My room was very clean and comfortable. I will stay again.Thomas W, Thank you so much for the wonderful review of the Whitney Hotel and sharing your feedback with others on TripAdvisor! We greatly appreciate your comments and cant express to you our gratitude for your kind words about our hotel and our colleagues. I am very glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us! Thank you for the terrific review and for recognizing our great team for taking care of you. Thank you Again Thomas W.
We have stayed at The Whitney before, but had no idea that the hotel no longer had a bar nor restaurant. This is a sad commentary, since we enjoyed the hotel last year, and were looking forward to another visit. The staff was again cooperative, understanding, and friendly. But, the sink had only a trickle for water flow, and the engineer could not fix the problem. And, we were there for 5 ngts. I'm sorry to hear you did not enjoy your stay. There were some service issues with the previous food and beverage operation, which was contracted through a 3rd party. Due to this, a change was made and the hotel has started offering a free continental breakfast. While we've received mostly positive feedback about the change, we understand that some like a full service restaurant inside the hotel. Plans to reopen the bar are underway and with all the wonderful dining options in walking distance of the Hotel, our Front Desk team will always have a great recommendation for you. Thank you again for your feedback and we hope you come back and see us next year. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
I had a great stay at the hotel, walking distance from everything good in new orleans, rooms are nice, building has charming status due to the old bank stuff, i would recommend the whitney to anyone! You if you look for a place to stay in new orleans go there!Thank you for your wonderful review on the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans. We're so happy to hear you enjoyed your visit and look forward to seeing you again soon!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
We enjoyed this lovely hotel. It was nice to go to breakfast and look up and see the beautiful architectural details. The bank vault of course was extraordinary. We learned that the hotel is still attached to a working bank. The restaurant was lovely and the bacon egg and cheese croissant was fresh and delicious. The room was nice enough and clean enough. We would definitely stay here again for a quick stay.Thank you for your recent stay with us at the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans! We greatly appreciate your kind words and look forward to hosting you again soon. If we can be of further assistance, please don't hesitate to contact us directly. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
The Whitney is about five blocks or so from Canal and on to the bars and restaurants of the French Quarter. At night it is a quiet walk past hotels and office buildings once you cross canal returning home. The staff is very friendly in that way New Orleans is. There is a small restaurant for breakfast and coffee if it is raining outside. Rooms are nice and quiet. Would definitely stay again.Thank you for this wonderful review of the Whitney Hotel. We're so happy to hear you enjoyed your visit. If we can be of any other assistance in the future, please don't hesitate to contact us. We look forward to seeing you again soon!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
For my mother's 90th birthday, she wanted to go to New Orleans (has not been since 1959) and we had a fabulous time. My thanks to the Whitney for making her feel so special, absolutely everyone at the hotel was gracious, helpful, polite and fun. The hotel was completely booked, but our spacious rooms/bathrooms were cleaned promptly and it was not noisy. I highly recommend the Whitney Hotel for the perfect stay in New Orleans...Cathy ThomasNashville, TNWe're so pleased to hear you enjoyed your trip to the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans and thank you for the kind words. We'll pass your praise onto the Staff. Please let us know if we can accommodate your next Big Easy get-a-way. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
When my original room was not ready, staff upgraded me to suite, which was great, with one exception. Given the historic nature of the property, electrical outlets were not readily accessible. The location was great for the purpose of my trip. Everywhere I needed to go was w/in a block.Thank you for your recent visit and the great feedback you've left here at TripAdvisor. We look forward to seeing you again!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Managerccallaiswyndham.com
The bar closed at 10pm which was poorOnly 3 days into our 8 day trip we were told the bar and Resturant were closed leaving us with no facilities in the hotel We should have been told that when we were booking and would not have booked it as it's nice to eat and drink in the hotel after a long days walking around town Thank you for your candid feedback. I'm sorry to hear that we did not exceed your expectations. The restaurant was a third party operation, not owned or managed by the Hotel and the decision to close the venue could not be controlled by the Hotel. To offset any inconvenience, the Hotel offered, free of charge, a grab and go continental breakfast. Please accept our apologies for the closure. If you feel there is any other information I need regarding your stay, please feel free to email me or call me on my direct line at 504-212-8686. Again, please accept my apologies and thank you for letting me know about your visit.
I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at this Hotel. The room was clean, quiet for sleeping and comfortable. Very convenient for transportation and access to popular locations. I did not use the restaurant facilities, I think there could be a little more promotion for the dining room. Thank you for your recent stay at the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans! We're glad to hear you enjoyed your visit and look forward to hosting you again soon. Please don't hesitate to contact us directly for your next New Orleans get-a-way!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
I was in town for the Crescent City Classic. The Whitney Hotel is easy walking distance to the start of the 10K race. Also close to the French Quarter and the WWII museum. I like the Central Business District and this location is very central for my purposes, with St. Charles street car close by to the Quarter and the Garden District. Very good value compared to comparable hotels. I have stayed here twice before and will try to stay here again my next trip. Was a good hotel for me.We're so happy to have loyal guests such as yourself coming back again and again to the Whitney Hotel! Thank you for your continued patronage and the wonderful review. We look forward to seeing you again soon!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Hotel is older but quite nice. Staff are friendly and helpful. Rooms are well appointed and quite modern. There is a bit of traffic noise from the street (I was on the 3rd floor) but this is to be expected downtown in a major city. (plus I was there the day the St. Patrick's day parade occurred, and its route took it right by the corner of the hotel). I didn't use the restaurant but it looked very decent. It's quite close to the various things to do or a quick cab ride away if you don't want to walk. I would certainly stay there again.Thank you for the great review and for your visit to the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans! It certainly was a pleasure hosting your stay. If we can be of any other assistance in the future, please let us know. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Stayed for one night. Hotel is in a great location to walk to Superdome for Saints game and have dinner at the great Restaurants in the warehouse district. Hotel is clean and quiet. Loved how the lobby and check in area still have the large safe and bank windows throughout. Thank you for your recent visit to the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans. We're happy to hear you enjoyed your visit and appreciate the great review! We look forward to seeing you again soon!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
We stayed 1 night. while the hotel was beautiful and the staff were pleasant,I inquired about extra charges to my card, no one knew why. I then emailed twice and called again (international as I was on my honeymoon) with no response!!! How frustrating to know so much was charged without a reason why or enteraction from staff!I am very sorry to hear about what has happened during and after your stay with us. We want to make sure all of our guests have the best possible stay and I can see that we dropped the ball when it came to yours. I ask that you reach out to me at brian.daviswhitneyhotel.com or call me directly at 504-581-4222, so that we can get this resolved right away. Thank you and I hope to hear from you soon.
Stay at The Whitney to capture a sense of the history of New Orleans with its actual bank vault door decor, and location that is right in the heart of New Orleans great for business but close to the French Quarter for fun. It's clean, comfortable, has amenities, and is a great location, friendly too.Thank you for your recent stay at the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans! We're glad to hear you enjoyed your visit and look forward to hosting you again soon. Please don't hesitate to contact us directly for your next New Orleans get-a-way!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Overall, good trip. Clean and friendly! It was mid summer when we stayed and we prefer ice cold room. Couldn't get it cool enough. Bed was comfy. Pillows a bit too thick for us. Cold water at faucet was warm to hot. Shower temp was perfectly hot. Would recommend more mirrors in room. A safe would be good addition and fridge. Enjoyed continental breakfast. Would stay at this beautiful hotel again. Thank you for the great review and your recent visit to the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans. We certainly appreciate you kind words and will pass them on the staff. It's our pleasure to provide excellent customer service to our guests. We look forward to hosting you again in the very near future. Sincerely, Jason LaBicheGuest Service Manager
Our recent stay at the Whitney was overwhelmingly nice. The hotel is housed in the historic old Whitney Bank Building. The reception desk was once the teller desk and the old vault is located in the lobby. Our suite was very large with two rooms. The master bedroom was quite spacious and was separated from the sitting area by French doors. The sitting area had a sofa bed it's own television. The bathroom was also very spacious. The hotel offers free internet as well as complimentary coffee. There is a restaurant located in the lobby. The staff was very helpful and courteous. The hotel is located right off of Saint Charles Avenue which is very convenient during Mardi Gras and only a half a mile from the French Quarter. I will be staying again!!!On behalf of the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans, thank you for your visit and kind words on TripAdvisor. We hope we'll get another opportunity to serve you again during your next trip to the Big Easy!Kindest Regards, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
I have stayed at the Whitney many times for business, back when it was a Wyndham property and now that it is a New Orleans Collection Hotel. Staff is friendly and efficient, rooms are clean. At some point soon they will need to address carpet as it is getting dated, but OK now. Bar downstairs is good as is restaurant. We ate breakfast a couple of times at Cafe on the Square around the corner and had good experiences.Thank you for your continued patronage at the Whitney Hotel. We are in the planning stages now for replacing carpet throughout the hotel. Thank you again and we look forward to hosting your next visit to New Orleans!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at The Whitney. The beds were very comfortable. The location is superb. It is walking distance to everything we did, French Quarter, Bourbon Street, shopping, Harrah's, etc. We will definitely stay here during our next trip to New Orleans. The staff was rather gracious as well. Loved it!!!!Thank you for taking the time to write a review regarding your recent stay at the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans. We're so happy to hear you enjoyed your visit and look forward to seeing you again soon. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Super friendly and accommodating staff. Staff bent over backwards to assure we had a great stay. Always ice cold water, news papers and vacation information in the lobby. Great restaurant recommendations. We ubered from the airport 33-55 . You do not need a car in the city. Street car on one side of hotel. 2 blocks to French quarter and bourbon street. Near casino and ww2 museum. Beds super comfortable and hotel is really clean. Thank you for your recent stay with us at the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans! We greatly appreciate your kind words and look forward to hosting you again soon. If we can be of further assistance, please don't hesitate to contact us directly. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
We enjoyed the hotel. Location was great walking distance to many sites. Paying to park was a surprise, but we decided that was better than staying further away and worrying about parking.Hotel was absolutely beautiful. Very nicely maintained. No old hotel odor. Staff was friendly and accommodating. The room was nice, very comfortable kept very clean by friendly housekeeping staff. Lovely city view. Traffic noise was noticeable. Bathroom was good sized, had a great shower, and was nicely kept. Restaurant was beautiful. Food adequate but not exceptional. Limited hours. Service friendly but I actually got up to get my own coffee refills one morning even though only two tables had customers. Overall a great experience and we would definitely stay again and recommend it to others.Thank you for your recent visit. We appreciate your feedback and look forward to hosting your next stay at the Whitney Hotel!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
on the edge of the french quarter, easy access, courteous service, efficient, clean, valet parking, personalized welcome, correct price. Not for a romantic stay but perfectly fine for business or family stayThank you for your review of the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans! We're so happy to hear you enjoyed your stay and we appreciate the feedback. If there is anything we can do to make your next visit to the Whitney better, please don't hesitate to let us know. Thank you and we look forward to seeing you again soon!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
I found this hotel online, and it came highly recommended. It was convenient to everywhere in the city I wanted to go, though its location on Poydras street did mean the mornings were a little noisier than I expected due to the traffic, but you can't fault them for that. I had occasional difficulty with my room key working but still always got into my room. I didn't realize at booking that the hotel doesn't have a bar/restaurant and the room didn't have a refrigerator but that was my fault for not checking. Overall the staff was incredibly helpful, friendly, and made my stay. The hotel is very unique and original due to its history and not like every out-of-the-box hotel you find these days. It was nice to stay in a place with such character. Res877, Thank you very much for taking the time to share your comments about your stay with us at The Whitney Hotel. We are delighted to know that you enjoyed your stay and thank you for pointing out the amazing service you received from our staff. Excellent service is what we strive to be known for therefore your feedback is extremely important as it enables us to continually improve our service and provide a memorable experience to our guests. Your very kind comments mean a lot to our team and I can assure you that there is no better motivation than feedback such as yours. Thank you.
We had a wonderful stay at the Whitney hotel. The front desk staff headed by Patrick were the best that I have ever experienced. They were extremely helpful in making reservations at great restaurants, guided us through the craziness of Mardi Gras and were always friendly and helpful in every way. The rates were a good value and the location was ideal.We're so happy to hear you enjoyed your visit to the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans. Thank you for taking the time to write such a glowing review and for mentioning the wonderful service Patrick provided. I'll be sure to let him know. We look forward to hosting your next stay!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral ManagerThe Whitney Hotel
Spontaneous weekend getaway. Estes Park Condos did not disappoint. This place is even more magical than the website makes it seem! Staff was very accommodating with our late check in and check out. We stayed at Antlers Point 5, private hot tub, grill, fireplace, HBO, dvd player, full bathroom and full kitchen. Very cozy and welcoming. Perfect for a couple.... More
I and my wife stayed here with two other couples. we had a loft, a queen bed, Another bedroom and a queen sleeper sofa in the living room. All areas had TV's. The condo overlooked the big Thompson river. you could here the river running at night. Very clean and everything is very nice .. all services worked.. and just... More
We rented a premium condo 2 bedroom hot tub to spend a weekend with our friends that were visiting us in Colorado from another country. The place was nice and clean,very spacious for the four of us. One bedroom was in the main floor with a full bathroom.( not inside the room). The second room was in the second floor... More
We only stayed one night but were pleased that the room was clean and quite. Bed was comfortable and the breakfast was good. The staff we encountered were all friendly. Had a good small town friendly atmosphere.Thank you so much for your review! We're glad that we could provide you with a pleasant stay! If you're ever in the neighborhood again, we hope we'll see you!
Hampton Inn was, as usual, clean, staff was friendly. Breakfast was adequate. We had stayed at this facility approximately 3 years ago and found that it hasn't changed. Still a nice place to visit. Staff very willing to make any change to keep customer happy.
Stayed 2 nights. Nice bug room, very quiet room! Was on top floor. They have a happy hour from 5:30pm to 7 pm. Lots of food more like dinner than hor'd'ors. Drinks food, free popcorn and fountain drinks. NICE HOT breakfast with lots of...More
Our family of five spent two nights here on our way back to MO from UT. Beds were comfortable, bathroom was clean, breakfast and dinner menu were great. Pool and hot tub were clean and well maintained. Staff was friendly and attentive. This location is...More
We stayed one what was a shame. When we checked in we spoke to Ian on desk this man was so helpful. We had free dinner. Three drinks free. Also free soft drinks. The hotel is so good. The spa and pool. Excellent. Such a...More
We stayed in a king bed suite here while settling on our home in Colorado Springs. It was nice to have a spacious living area (with sofa bed for our son) and comfortable, quiet bedroom. In addition the couch and chairs in the living area...More
Another great trip at the Drury Inn. Clean and nice rooms and common areas. All of the female staff were very nice and friendly. Indoor pool and hot tub. Kickback is a nice feature. Great snacks/food in the evening: hot dogs, nachos, chicken fingers, salad,...More
Clean, spacious, and quiet rooms. Very comfortable accommodations. Breakfast was good for a free buffet style breakfast. I will stay here again. I will also recommend this hotel to friends. This is in a good location to take in the sites around the area.
The lobby is large and beautifully decorated. The desk staff friendly. The room is well appointed with a great bed and pillows. The bathroom is great really loved the soft towels and the walk into shower with wall dispensers for soap, shampoo and conditioner (no...More
Drury Inn Suites near the AF Academy is a GEM!! The staff is SUPER friendly! So are the rooms!The Breakfast is SUPER great variety - and so is the EVENING FEAST! and INCLUSIVE LIQUIDS!!!Considering the price for Your room includes al of the...More
Our organization arranged for our out-of-town Board members to stay at Drury Inn Suites for a Board Meeting, which we also held in one of the Drury Conference Rooms. The management and staff of the Drury Inn provided excellent service and accommodations, going above...More
Our stay was great at the Drury Inn. Stayed on the 7th floor in a king deluxe. The staff were all very nice and courteous. The breakfast was good as well. Also offered free food and drinks from 530pm-7pm. The Hearty Chili was very good.
We stayed at the Drury Inn and Suites Colorado Springs for one night. We specifically chose the Drury Inn chain due to a good experience at the Drury Inn Denver Tech Center last summer. We were not disappointed. The hotel was clean, modern, and an...More
We were introduced to Drury Hotels by an acquaintance. Now we stay everywhere that has one on our trip route. Colorado Springs is a good example of the best of the best. It is beyond clean the staff are helpful, friendly, and polite. The Manager...More
First, this was the first time I have ever stayed at a Drury Inn, and I am here to say it was absolutely the best choice I made for this trip. It was within 7 minutes of where I needed to be, it is clean,...More
This hotel has a great view of Pikes Peak. It's right up there with the rest of the Drury Hotels. Very clean. Friendly staff. There are a lot of restaurant options nearby. Unfortunately for me most of them are restaurants I have in my hometown.
This is a great hotel! Our first time staying at a Drury Inn but definitely won't be our last! The Hotel was in great condition. My kids loved the indoor/outdoor pool and the hot tub. The happy hour was amazing and had so much food...More
From the moment we checked in until we left two days later we had excellent service from everyone. Our room on the fifth floor had amazing views over the mountains. The room was very clean and everywhere in the hotel was clean and tidy. Brian...More
This is a new location and staff is friendly and attentive. I know what I'll get each time I stay and that is a good stay in a nice room. Food for breakfast and evening happy hour is good. This place is always clean and...More
We have never stayed here before but decided to give it a try based on the reviews we read. The staff was amazing. The room is bright, clean, and comfortable. The free breakfast and happy hour, along with the popcorn was a bonus and helpful...More
The hotel is clean, comfortable, cheap, has a small indoor/outdoor pool, large hot tub, provides extras like free breakfast, free dinner, free wi-fi, and free popcorn. The food wasn't great - a lot of mushy pasta at dinner - baked potatoes were good but the...More
I booked our room the night before we stayed after reading the reviews. Although it seemed a little pricey, it was the best price in the area for the busy season. We came after a day at RMNP. Great location, not in the middle of busy downtown Estes Park but close if you want to enjoy the town. It is... More
We stayed here after traveling through Rocky Mountain Nat'l Park. Not a chain motel. The room was small, but very clean. Very friendly staff. Bed was very comfortable. Room had a microwave and refrigerator. TV was low def (not HD). Wifi was spotty and somewhat slow. Continental breakfast was light - sweet rolls, donuts, muffins, coffee, cereal - no orange... More
nice clean hotel. Near WIU campus. Front desk very helpful, after traveling all day able to check into our room early. Rooms very clean Breakfast was nice, hot and plentiful not far from stores and places to eat dinner
My daughter and I stayed at the Hampton Inn during a visit to WIU for Audition Day! Perfect Experience! Comfy, clean beds with fluffy comforters and great pillows. Totally updated bathroom with fine finishes. Breakfast was awesome and the dining area was so nice. We will be back again
MoreMore
Room was very clean and well appointed. Everything you need for an extended stay. Bed was very comfy. Front desk was extremely accommodating. I had a very late check-in due to another engagement and there was no issue. Highly recommend.
We were at the Club Pulse for just one night. Everything was perfect, staff at the front desk were very friendly and knowledgeable, everyone we ran into was professional and nice, the room was super comfy. We had a suite with a kitchenette (microwave, refrig with freezer unit, coffee maker, dishes, flatware, glasses for water and wine), 2 televisions - one in the bedroom the other in the living room. The seating was very comfortable and a table to eat. I highly recommend this property. We were in town to see the play Hamilton, we were easily able to walk to the Gas Lamp for dinner and then to the Civic Theater.Thank you for a perfect review! We are pleased to hear you enjoyed your stay and look forward to welcoming you back again sometime.
