First, I didn't expect much more for this price, it was clean and that is my number one concern! Bed was a little hard for us, parking limited, breakfast limited, but fair accommodations for the 50 ish price. Staff was nice.
Customer service was really good and they were really friendly. Price for this hotel in Jonesboro was really really good. I stayed for 2 weeks for business trip and had no issue. They have updated to flat screen. I did not expect breakfast to be included in this price, so that was a bonus.
Older cabin but great price for 9 women to have girls retreat . Clean but would have been nice ro have washer and dryer. Secluded and quiet. Had a great weekend . Beautiful fall tree colors. Weather was great.Glad you enjoyed your stay! We will take into consideration the washer and dryer. Good idea!
This hotel was very clean and nicely decorated. The shower in the King size room was great. The only bad thing I can say about this place was at check out time. My husband checked out ahead of me and while I was carrying down luggage to my car, I had to leave a few items in the room to... More
We reserved a room with 2 queen beds. We were given room 1 (The Mayberry room) and were really excited based in the other reviews for the motel. The room does not have 2 queen beds it has 2 double beds. Room was small, bathroom was small. Shower only, no tub. No light in the closet, 3 plastic hangers. Window... More
We had high expectations due to all the great reviews, but we were slightly disappointed in our stay at Daisy Motel. The beds were VERY uncomfortable, so much so, that we didn't even stay the 3rd night we had planned to. We drove to Little Rock the 3rd night so that we could get some much needed sleep. The room... More
This place is amazing! We were a little skeptical because of the fantastic price, but did it ever prove us wrong. There was a small snag in our room reservation, but it was taken care of immediately, and it actually ended up working out great for us. It is within a mile or two to Daisy State Park, which is... More
I think the price for the rooms was overpriced. The room was not very clean for the and the exhaust fan in the bathroom was very loud. There is a refrigerator and microwave in the room. The refrigerator did keep the stuff cold.
We loved our stay at The Sugar Maple Inn. Awesome new management and great new housekeeping made our stay relaxing and sress free. The rooms are super clean and staff is accomodating.We will definitely recommend this place to our family and friends. Can't wait to come back!
My husband and I were guest at this motel recently. We booked 3 nights to stay while on a family trip to the lake. After staying our first night, we had gone out of the room for several hours the following day. Upon our return to the room late in the evening, we noticed that our handgun that we had... More
We enjoyed our stay at the Sugar Mapel Inn. We spent 3 nights there and never found a problem. Our room was cleaned extremely well each day. The management was very helpfull in provided information about the area. We had plenty of room, and the room did include a microwave and small ref. We also thought the price was fair.... More
We were in the area for a family reunion. The only reviews we saw on this hotel were discouraging, but since it came on a local recommendation and all three bad reviews looked like they came from the same guests, we stayed there for two nights anyway and had no problems. I travel a lot, but have gotten out of... More
I stayed here on business and had incredible stay. The hotel is in a great location near a lot of restaurants and shopping. Bill at the front desk was extremely helpful as well as the rest of the staff. The service of the staff is second to none. The rooms are updated, clean, and comfortable. 24 hour coffee, cappuccinos, and... More
service was good, all needs attended to in a timely manner, breakfasts were good, Mr. Charles in a fine host.
The beds and pillows were so comfortable, I fell asleep almost as soon as my head hit the pillow. The shower Pressure was very relaxing.
4/12 I had the chance to stay at this place overnight while my apartment was getting it's annual pest treatment...so as I sat there I thought I would write everything down that I saw around me... This alone, should discourage you from stoping here.... Dirty Walls Broken and half gone smoke detector Roaches Big and Small (alive and crawling as... More
We spent two nights here while in Fayetteville. The rooms were clean and comfortable. It was very conveniently located. The staff was friendly and helpful. I would happily stay here again next time that I am in Fayetteville. The only drawback is there is no free breakfast. Roughly 9 - which I chosen to pay. Fine spoke though.
For less than 50 (including tax) we have an enormous room and bath, clean and comfortable. Place also seems to be newly renovated with fridge and microwave. Definitely a good deal. One small thing: the HUGE TV doesn't appear to be HD.
I was looking for the place to spend a night or two near Searcy Arkansas . My family were taking part in events taking place at Harding. I made the booking with Regency Inn. The lady answering the phone was very nice. Upon our check in the owner himself came to give his hand with our luggage. The rooms were... More
Pot smokers on the balcony, hookers going door to door. No thank you. Bad hotel in a bad part of town. Stay somewhere else. Not for families. Not for a good nights sleep. The manager and front desk clerk were very nice. Will give them that.
It was easy to locate. A little run down. But it was clean and staff was friendly. I'm a smoker but do not smoke inside and they came right away when called about the smoke smell in the room. Grandchildren loved the pool. I would stay there again for the price was very reasonable.
When I got there we had to wait on our room because it was not cleaned. Not a huge deal we were early. When they got finished I noticed the rooms were very out of date and the furniture was in bad condition as well as stained. Still not a huge deal for 60 a night didn't expect 5 star.... More
I can understand a small mom and pop not having an ice machine, yet most offer ice from their freezer. This is a large MOTEL with a restaurant, yet there is no ice Check in procedure was awkward with receipt only offered via text or...MoreGark K- Thank you for taking the time to review us on Trip Advisor. I apologize for the delay in response. I also apologize that ICE was not offered to you at Check-In. We do have an ICE Machine and anyone of our FD Staff...More
The parking lot was covered in trash, which would turn out to be the cleanest part of the hotel. The lobby was filthy. There was a half eaten meal on one of the coffee tables and dust everywhere. The receptionist was on her personal phone, discussing her plans for the weekend. She held up a finger, turned her back to... More
From the check-in to check-out we had a great visit.. The room was clean, cost appropriate, and well organized. The pillows were to die for. I am thinking of buying one. Easy to find. We will stop again.
I highly recommend this hotel- very comfortable, convenient to restaurants, etc. Texarkana is our home, but no longer live there- we were there to take care of some family business- it was very nice to come to our home away from home- the Hampton Inn and relax!
We had a pleasant stay. The room was fresh and clean. The full size refrigerator was a nice surprise. Comfy beds with a good sized room completed the picture. We enjoyed having a pool, hot tub, and nice fitness room. We will stay here again.
We arrived for craft fair week on Tuesday, Oct, 13th around 3:00 and checked in without any issues other than it took the girl three times to get my name correct after I spelled it for her each time. After going to our room, we noticed there was only one bar of soap at the sink and the toilet paper... More
We were there for 3 weeks for work. Most all the rooms have wood floors. It needs work. The beds were not best. One of the maids lives on the property, meth fiend. The wifi was really bad. Would not recommend for long stays.
My husband and I stayed here on our way to Missouri. It's in a lovely area of downtown Little Rock with what I think is a dog park across the street. There are several restaurants within walking distance. Parking options include a parking garage that has restricted access from the street (so your vehicle is more protected than with most... More
When I travel to Little Rock, I always stay at this Hampton. I love the proximity to the River area and all it has to offer. I also feel very safe at this hotel since their security access is superb. Their front desk staff (each and every one) is always so friendly and helpful. Their breakfast is typical Hampton...but staff... More
The location of this hotel was good for us as we wanted to be able to walk to the River Market area and to the Clinton Presidential Library (don't bother to see the library). The hotel was nice and the staff pleasant. Our room was clean. Parking is not too far but rather confusing.
The Hampton Inn and Suites, was great! The location in down town Little Rock close to the river as well as the Pres. Clinton library. The breakfast was very good. There many eating establishments with in walking distance,that of diverse menus.
Convenient to Little Rock and off I30, the comfort suite has plenty of restaurants around and service stations. Linens nice and room is large. Comes with free wifi and free breakfast. Indoor pool and fitness areas available neither are large but good equipment and clean
Yes, they are pet friendly and pet expensive. They say 15 extra for pets. I said, why so much and they said they have to wash everything after check out. I said I hope they do that anyway. She then said it was because of pet dander. Was staying one day and decided to stay another. Went to pay and... More
The staff including the national reservation staff was very helpful and friendly. Room was nice and clean. Restaurant on site but also close to other chain eateries. Upon check-out our car doors were frozen. They provided bottled water to assist with de-icing.
Decent hotel in Jonesboro, clean rooms friendly staff. Have stayed several times and always had a pleasant experience. Pool is great for the kids. Good central location in town, not a far drive to anything.
My wife and I stayed here for several days and were impressed by the cleanliness and the quality of the room. The motel seems to be new and everything is quite nice. However, the hotel seems to be lacking in soundproofing. We heard every noise from the hallway and there was a roar of water from above that we could... More
An amazing hotel and perfect location if you plan on doing shopping or eating! The whirlpool was absolutely relaxing, the view was incredible, and the staff did a very good job. I would definitely recommend anyone going to jonesboro to stay here!
My wife and I stayed twice in February 2016, one visit of 3 days and a second a week later that was overnight. Both visits were complaint free. The hotel was bright, modern, and thoroughly clean throughout. There was no time we came or went when the lobby was not being mopped. The staff were uniformly friendly and helpful. The... More
We visit Bull Shoals lake many times a year. We found Fishuntime by accident for our most recent visit. We were glad we did. Of all the resorts we have stayed at, we have never felt so welcome as we did with Tina at Fishuntime. She goes out of her way to make sure we have everything we need. She... More
We have stayed in unit six both times we have come to this resort. It has the option of being a one or two bedroom unit with a kitchen, living area, screened in porch, and one or two bathes. It's comfortably appointed with excellent beds, comfortable furniture, and very clean. The prices here are a bargain! There is a nice... More
We spent a weekend here for a bachelor party, and it was perfect. The owners were very polite and accommodating, and the son is one helluva cook. Be aware that the closest town is a bit of a drive, so come prepared with everything you need. You couldn't find a better place to spend the weekend for the money.
My husband I had such a wonderful relaxing time at this facility. The hosts are Awesome people. The room we stayed in had Everything we needed for our get-away from home. Very spacious and comfortable. Our travel to this location has very scenic highways and good roads. Even the 1 mile gravel road to our destination was well maintained.... More
