My wife I stayed at this facility for just under 5 months. There was renovation work going on most of the time which was badly needed. There was an unusual amount of staff turnover at the front desk but Cassie was there the entire time and was always friendly. Eva of the kitchen staff was especially friendly and helpful.... More
Had a very good nights rest after long day of work. Spent 6 nights in the area working and it was nice to have a retreat away from home. The room had all the accommodations needed and the bed was comfortable. Had a Pizza joint down the road and Wal-Mart nearby with other shopping centers too. I enjoyed the breakfast... More
This motel is so great for staying in such a cute little town like Moab. We booked a couple nights about a month in advance. We had never been to the town before and realized once we got here how convenient it is. Once you arrive everything is within walking distance (downtown) for food or shopping. The parks are within... More
This hotel is small and doesnt look like much from the outside but it was pretty awesome. The prices were great. My friends and I traveled to Moab on a busy weekend when there were two bike events and a half marathon so I looked at several more expensive hotels before I read about Bowmen on TripAdvisor. I booked a... More
The Bowen Hotel is an older but updated hotel that is cheaper than most of the other hotels we checked in Moab. Parking is kinda tight there, but manageable. Room was fairly large, but we discovered that housekeeping had not put a top sheet on the bed. The lady at the front desk was apologetic and gave us a sheet.... More
Great idea to rent town-home-sized units. Was very useful for our family. Kids loved their own room as opposed to a hotel suite, etc. Kitchen amenities were very useful. Felt like a small home away from home (which is what we were after). Very few options in Duchesne, UT. Would say this is definitely the best option for a family.
We have stayed here several times. We enjoy swimming in the pool and hot tub. Nice breakfast in the morning. Rooms are decent. It's located just outside of Logan, easy driving distance to major attractions and easy location to drive to salt lake.
We found this place by accident and we are very glad that we did. We were traveling from Pennsylvania to Las Vegas, Nevada to our new home, and one night we were exhausted and happened to find ourselves in Green River, Utah. We saw the family-owned Americas Best Value Inn and prayed that the establishment was pet friendly. They welcomed... More
The manager was so accommodating. I would give this place a 10 star. The room was nice and we felt wanted. They even let our dogs feel welcome. Enjoyed the swimming pool and hot tub. They open it and close it on demand. They were so helpful when we told them where we were going and gave us some pointers.... More
My room was outstanding! It was about a 30 minute drive to ski in Alta or Brighton, and the room was 1/4th the price of hotels closer to the ski areas. The bed was comfortable. The room was spacious. The kitchen was more than adequate. I will likely stay here again in the near future.
When I was booking my hotel, I was almost scared off by some previous reviews of this hotel but am so glad I stayed here! It was very clean, comfortable, and quiet. They don't clean every day, but who needs that really The staff was extremely friendly and helpful in every interaction and I felt very safe here. It was... More
Excellent location. This hotel room is old and smell. WIFI does not work in room at all. we called the front desk about internet issue. They told us wireless is weak in room (it never works even early next morning) cause too many tenants are using it. () This is an on-going issue and why the hotel does not fix... More
We stayed at the Bumbleberry Inn for three nights while visiting Zion National Park. We had a lovely room in the back with a view of the Zion mountain formations. Also a large area that was home to ducks, minature horses, and 3 goats. The Inn also has a lovely swimming pool. Lodging came with a free breakfast at Wild... More
Was so happy to know they serve hot soup in the evening. Had traveled 700 miles that day and it was a welcome treat. Room was very clean and the beds comfortable. Would highly recommend a stay in this quaint town.
I stayed at the St. George the very first time I visited the city in November 2015. The rooms seemed nice enough, but it was Thanksgiving week and there were few patrons staying so the place seemed too quite. The breakfast was all carbs and sweets, a continental breakfast with just a couple of upgrades, such as biscuits and gravy... More
My brother and I were driving through and after being tired from driving many hours on the road we found this motel/cafe and decided to stay the night. I also ate there in the evening for dinner and again in the morning for breakfast. While the motel was pretty bad we expected it to be based on the cheap price... More
This hotel was on the main highway, so its location was good. Front desk people were ok, but not that interested in helping. Although the man with the dark hair who checked us in was very helpful regarding our room location which was helpful with our dogs. Our room was a nice size with lodge poles separating the sofa area.... More
Super close to the entrance for Arches and conveniently located in town. Friendly staff, nice pool, clean room and breakfast. Crazy over-priced but this is in Moab during May. Paid over 200 per night with fees for 3 rooms- ouch. The hotel itself is nice but outdated and I expect more for the price. The carpet was buckled in the... More
Above average quality Inn. Not the newest hotel in town, however you can tell that it is well maintained . Full hotel, yet heard very little noise. Staff was pleasant. At southern end of town but close to everything. Would stay there again.
ALL the hotel rates in Moab are higher than one would expect. This community has a high visitor rate. This motel has been refreshed and is one of the better values of the community. I have stayed here multiple stays in spring and fall over past 3 years Clean rooms. Staff are accommodating. Every thing can get hectic during an... More
Priced well for a place to park and sleep, there's not much else to recommend here. The staff are competent but impersonal, the rooms clean and unremarkable. Ask for an extra blanket when you check in, as there's only a sheet and thin spread on the very average bed. No breakfast or other amenities. If you were shooting for a... More
Nice hotel. Strange sewer like smell upon arrival in the hall and elevator but did dissipate. In need of new carpet in major walkways outside of the room. Room was standard. Has a small refrigerator and a microwave. Pull out sofa bed. King size bed. Close to many restaurants and lots of free parking at the hotel.
Hotel is nice. Our room was next to hall bathroom which was annoying and our bathroom door squeaked. Service was very good, Breakfast was a big disappointment. Did not get a chance to use the pool and did not eat at restaurant
Canyons is a friendly, small, but very nice hotel in a nice small town. Staff was helpful and friendly. Small point: the staff forgot to service one of our rooms, but otherwise very happy with hotel. Good restaurant on premises.Thank you for taking the time to recognize our hotel as a nice, friendly place! I apologize for the misstep of our housekeeping staff during your stay. We hope you'll choose us again should your travels bring you to the area.
the hotel has easy access to highway and interstate without being to close the room itself has beautiful views of mountains. the cost is great on the wallet without cheaping out on quality of room. The rooms are very nicely decorated and comfrontable. It is...MoreWe appreciate your comments. I'm glad to see that you were in one of our rooms with a view. We feel that we do offer the best value in St. George. Thank you for noticing the dcor of the rooms. We remodel frequently and are...More
Clean and comfortable room at an great price. We were very suprised at the amenities available. Room included small wet bar, fridge and microwave. Great for fixing an evening snack of leftovers. Full hot breakfast each morning featured a great variety and everything was freshly...More
This hotel is the nicest one I've stayed in in a long time. The hotel and room were very clean (extremely important to me) and there was no leftover, stale smoke smell or overbearing deodorizer to cover it up. The A/C was very quiet so...MoreThank you for taking the time to comment about your recent stay with us. Every review we receive helps tremendously and I'm delighted to read that you enjoyed your time with us. It sounds like you were very pleased with the comfort of the bed...More
Just stayed for a couple of days for business. The room was nice enough and the staff did a good job. The breakfast was a pleasant surprise. They had a pretty full selection of items for breakfast. I've been at other lesser expensive hotels (like...MoreThank you for taking the time to write a review and for your comments about our rooms, staff, beds, and our breakfast. We are happy to hear you enjoyed your stay and it was of value to you. We hope to see you again in...More
Nothing but the best here from the staff to the rooms to everything! AMAZING! Thanks so much for making our Christmas trip the best ever! I can't wait to stay here again! Even the maids stopped to greet us as we walked down the hall...More
Very nice hotel. The rooms are large and spacious with very comfortable beds. The rooms are tastefully decorated with plenty of instant coffee and cups. Nice clean bathrooms. Everything works well. The pool area is very comfortable with a huge jacuzzi bath that I enjoyed...MoreDear Susan, We are glad to know that we provided Excellent accommodations, while staying with us. That is our goal for all of our guests. We also appreciate you sharing your experience with all of our friends on Tripadvisor. Please let us know anytime you...More
We travel to doctor appointments, only major disappointment we had was with breakfast. Plenty of food just very crowded had to wait in line for toast, and waffles took 45 minutes to get our food for the kids to eat.
Hotel is clean and quiet. The breakfast is very good and offers a variety of items including eggs, bacon, waffles, fresh fruit, cold and hot cereal, etc. The staff is friendly, prompt, and courteous both in person and on the telephone. My only complaint is...More
This hotel has it all: great rooms, great location, great service, and great amenities...and all for a fair price. Rooms are spacious and very clean. Lots and lots of outlets. Separate microwave/refrigerator/sink bar. Beds are good too, but a bit soft for me...just personal preference....MoreThank you for taking the time to review our hotel. I was happy to see that you enjoyed the breakfast. I'm sorry about the crowd that was caused by the band competition. We try to do everything we can to lessen it. I'm also glad...More
Exceptionally spacious room with seating area and full desk. Comfortable bed but hated the fat, foam pillows. Horrible! One of the best breakfast buffets ever with everything from grits to waffles, steel cut oatmeal with all the trimmings, yogurt bar, eggs, breakfast meats, breads... All...MoreDear Worldly2, Thank you for sharing your experience with us, we GREATLY appreciate it!!! We are so pleased to hear that you enjoyed your stay, the breakfast is pretty fantastic we do have to agree with you. Perhaps the next time you are staying with...More
The staff was friendly. Enjoyed breakfast on the patio. On my way back a staff member was happy to take my plates as I walked in just past the patio door. Room was cozy and I slept very well. Wish I had time to enjoy...More
Abbey Inn is one of the best motels in St.George. Staff are helpful and friendly. Nice pool and hot tub, exercise room limited in size and equipment, however great hiking trails close if you want to be out doors. Rooms were very nice and the...More
We have stayed at many Best Western hotels, and we have to say, this was the best one of all. Right from the time we got to check in desk to the time we left it was unbelievable the service we got. We were upgraded...More
This hotel was easy to get to and close to the St. George airport. It was clean and the staff was very helpful. The mattress and linens were also very comfortable. Can not rate the breakfast due to an early flight. Highly recommend if you...MoreDear Gowhileucan57, Thank you so much for your rating and review on TripAdvisor, We really appreciate it!!! And especially 5 stars, thats amazing!!! We are so delighted that you enjoyed your stay, and that you chose to share your experience with us!!! We thoroughly enjoy...More
Fine price for a very well run, extremely convenient establishment. The breakfasts are well put together. The staff is skilled at making everything efficient and relaxed. An excellent option b/t Salt Lake and Las Vegas.MoreYour business is very important to us and we value your feedback. By telling us what you liked about your stay and how we can improve, you are helping us deliver a superior experience for you and other guests in the future. We hope you...More
Hotel staff was accommodating and respectful. The room was comfortable and well maintained. The free breakfast was delicious, with made to order omelettes that were exquisite. Made the trip enjoyable!MoreDear DebbiesX5218BX, Thank you so much for your rating and review on TripAdvisor, We really appreciate it!!! And especially 5 stars, thats amazing!!! We are so delighted that you enjoyed your stay, and that you chose to share your experience with us!!! The omelette station...More
Arrived in St. George today after a bad hotel experience at the Excalibur in Las Vegas. We arrived at the front desk and asked if they have any rooms available. Boyd checked his system and they had a suite with 2 large screen TVs, fireplace...More
Beautiful hotel, great service, very friendly staff went out of their way to be helpful. We will be staying here on our trip returning home. Would highly recommend this hotel, great breakfast as well.
My husband and I take weekend getaways to St. George. This is our 1st choice of place to stay. Sometimes it is full so we have to go somewhere else. Nothing else is as good. Comfortable bed, clean room, friendly staff, and a great breakfast.MoreThank you for taking the time to write a review and for your comments about our cleanliness, beds, breakfast , and service. We are happy to hear you enjoyed your stay and it was of value to you. We hope to see you again in...More
we book our stay solely based on price for the Saint George area. but were blown away by the quality of the hotel, service, and excellent food and variety served at the free breakfast. this particular hotel gets a solid 5 star rating from my...More
Extremely comfortable room, friendly and courteous staff, and great value. The room comfortably fit our entire family. The room was very clean and spacious. The breakfast provided is hands down the very best breakfast provided in any hotel we have ever stayed at.MoreThank you for taking the time to write a review and for your comments about our comfortable and spacious rooms, breakfast, and service. We are happy to hear you enjoyed your stay and it was of value to you. We hope to see you again...More
Love the pool and the breakfast. Service was very friendly. This hotel is one of my favorite hotels in st. George.i would recommend this hotel to anyone that has a family or that wants to stay for more than one day.MoreYour business is very important to us and we value your feedback. By telling us what you liked about your stay and how we can improve, you are helping us deliver a superior experience for you and other guests in the future. We hope you...More
My Husband and I recently stayed in this hotel. We booked it based on trip advisor reviews. The hotel was very clean and well kept. It was nice to have a microwave and fridge in the room. Would definitely stay here again!
Overall very nice hotel. Clean, quite, nice staff, and good bfast. Would have received a top rating except for bed - hard and lumpy pillows, bottom sheet refused to stay tucked in, and bed was utiliatrianly hard with no sense of upscale plushness (but okay...MoreDear Sally Z, Thank you for taking the time to rate and review us on TripAdvisor. It means a great deal to us. It assists us in ensuring that we are meeting all of our guests needs and expectations. We do apologize that we did...More
This best western Always has great service and the best breakfast around. Really appreciate the friendly staff. The beds are comfortable and there is plenty of water pressure in the showers. Great stayMoreDear Lauralyn2017, Thank you for taking the time to share your experience with us we truly appreciate it. I am so pleased to hear that you appreciate our service and of course the breakfast is great as well. We appreciate all the kind words, and...More
The check-in staff were helpful and friendly when we arrived at 10:30pm. There was a small kitchenette that was perfect for a late night cup of tea while settling in. Parking was convenient and the property seemed safe and clean.Thank you for taking the time to write a review and for your comments about our staff and rooms. We are happy to hear you enjoyed your stay and it was of value to you. We hope to see you again in the future.
I stayed at this hotel back early 2014 with my wife. The room was very comfortable, it was right off the main road through St. George, easy access, nice pool, wonderful breakfast buffet. I went out the back of the hotel in the morning and...MoreDear Kurt, We appreciate you taking time to write a review about your stay in 2014. Yes, we are close to shopping, outdoor trails, the LDS and so much more. Saint George has a something for everyone! We are glad that you enjoyed your stay...More
I usually do not stay in Best Western due to my previous experiences in other Best Western's. Once I walked in the staff was so friendly and had my room ready in minutes. I had an amazing view of the pool, the room was clean,...MoreDear Diane H, Thank you for rating and reviewing our property, I am sorry that you had prior unhappy experiences with Best Western. We are so glad that you gave us a try!!! Thank you for sharing your experience with us, we really appreciate it....More
This was by far the nicest BEST WESTERN PLUS we have stayed at ever.... and especially our trip. The breakfast was fresh and above and beyond our expectations, like nothing we have every seen. The room large and nice and great value. Definitely would stay...More
Best Western Plus hotels are consistently pleasurable, but this was an exception. The price was right. The room was clean. However, the mattress was uncomfortably soft and sagged in the middle. The reception staff referred all the guests at check-in (while I was standing there)...MoreDear Shelia G, I appreciate you taking a moment to share your experience on Tripadvisor. I am sorry your stay was a little disappointing. It sounds like the frame was loose and had a piece fall of the frame and that would cause it to...More
We stay here when driving between Denver and Southern California. We just need a good place to sleep for one night. It's perfect. Breakfast is good too. Very good highway access. It's such a pleasure to know that the place is there and reliably excellent...More
This hotel is in a good location. The Staff are very helpful and my sons enjoyed the breakfast and the pool. We went to Snow's Canyon which is 15 min away and it was close enough to come back for lunch then go back horseback...More
The hotel staff was very helpful upon arrival as I was unfamiliar with the area. I was traveling on business and did not have an address where my customer was located. The hotel staff was able to help me without hesitation. The rooms were very...MoreWe appreciate your comments about our team. We are happy to hear they were able to assist you with directions.
I have stayed at all 3 Best Westerns in St. George, Utah and this one is by far the nicest of the three. It appears to be a relatively newer and more updated. The exterior is a lot better than the other two best westerns...MoreThank you for taking the time to write a review and for your comments about our hotel's renovation and exterior. We are happy to hear you enjoyed your stay and it was of value to you. We hope to see you again in the future.
I stayed here for two nights. It was a long walk to downtown but they have bikes for rent (I walked). Comfortable room/bed/chair, good lighting, nice bath lotions. Staff were very helpful. TV had full channel coverage (better than BW in Grand Rapids MI). Pool....MoreThanks for staying with us. Yes, we do have bikes available and our guests are able to use them at no charge. We use guest reviews in order to improve our service and product, so thank you for sharing your review with us.
I was really impressed with the room, clean, roomy, comfortable, and smelled great. The staff was kind and helpful. Overall my stay was excellent and would go again!! The breakfast was incredible, such a good selection and staff was so nice and considerate. The breakfast...More
The handicapped room was not in compliance with ADA and we will not stay there again. There is no excuse for this type of room that is completely inadequate, since ADA was passed over twenty years ago.MoreDear Tom, We are so sorry to hear that we did not exceed your expectations, that is never our intention. We do hope that you choose to stay with us again in the future. Perhaps we can prepare a different room for you that is...More
Top of the line hotel for Best Western chain. Breakfast selection, service, and quality was top notch. Many places to eat are close by, Black Bear Diner is worth checking out. Their are three Best Westerns in St. George. The Abbey Inn appears to be...MoreDear Stacy S, Thank you for taking time to share your thoughts about our hotel. We are glad to know we exceeded your expectations! I will share with all of our staff that you enjoyed our breakfast and the overall quality of the hotel was...More
This grandma wanted to make sure her grandkiddoes and their mothers had a room big enough to accommodate us all so we all could be comfortable. The suites at Abbey Inn was so spacious and there is a sofa bed just in case you need...MoreDear Ginger U, Thank you so much for your rating and review on TripAdvisor, We really appreciate it!!! And especially 5 stars, thats amazing!!! We are so delighted that you enjoyed your stay, and that you chose to share your experience with us!!! It was...More
Great stay...very clean and great location. We are Hotel owners ourselves and this place was spotless. Great pool and hot tub and a over the top breakfast with different things everyday. Like I said we will be back as there was just too many things...MoreYour business is very important to us and we value your feedback. By telling us what you liked about your stay and how we can improve, you are helping us deliver a superior experience for you and other guests in the future. We hope you...More
Located close to freeway and shopping. Complete hot breakfast was unusually good for moderate priced hotel. Rooms were nice and comfortable. Bed was very nice. I did not care much for the pillows. I like a large pillow.MoreDear Kim, We appreciate you coming to stay with us and your review of our hotel. It looks like you have stayed with us a couple times before. We are glad to know you enjoyed this stay as well as the previous visits. Let us...More
This was one of the best hotels I have stayed in. The staff and facilities are very customer focussed and make you feel a valued guest. The extensive hot breakfast is brilliant with items being varied every day and even made to order omelets. Lovely...MoreThank you for taking the time to write a review and for your comments about our breakfast, facilities, and pool. We are happy to hear you enjoyed your stay and it was of value to you. We hope to see you again in the future.
We have been staying at the BW Abbey Inn in St George for over 15 years and my kids refuse to stay anywhere else. The buffet breakfast is the best value for any size family and the rooms have large flat panel TVs. Shane and...More
Best place to stay is southern Utah. Every time I stay I have the same great experience and some times it improves. Good breakfast. Courteous employees. Clean rooms. Great location. Close restaurants. Close to freeway.MoreDear Tim, Thank you so much for letting us know how great you think we are!!! We think you are just as great!!! Thank you for always being sure to share your experience with us, we really appreciate it. We look forward to seeing you...More
Everything about this Hotel was a 10/10. Very friendly staff, clean rooms, great breakfast, great location. The Fitness Room and Pool were very clean. Close to the freeway, restaurants, and shopping.MoreDear Leann E, Dear Russ H, Thank you for taking the time to rate and review us on TripAdvisor. It means a great deal to us. It assists us in ensuring that we are meeting all of our guests needs and expectations. We thoroughly enjoy...More
We spent one night here on May 16th. Staff was excellent and very customer friendly. Breakfast was great !! The room was clean and quiet. We would stay here again. The hotel is in a great location with easy access to the interstate.We are happy to hear you were able to visit the National Parks. Thank you for writing a review and we are glad you enjoyed your stay.
We arrived pretty late in the evening after flying into Vegas. Check-in was very quick and staff members were friendly. Our room was extremely clean. The bed was very comfortable. Breakfast in the morning was wonderful! They even had made-to-order omelets, which I haven't had...MoreThank you for staying with us and writing a review. I'm happy to hear that your check in was quick and our team was friendly. We frequently renovate our rooms and take pride in ensuring all rooms are clean and in top condition.
Best Western PLUS Abbey Inn was a pleasureable experience. The hotel was clean and beautifully decorated, the personnel were polite and responsive to any needs, the breakfasts were well prepared with lots of variety, the beds are comfortable and provided great rest, and the accommodations...More
We gave a poor rather than terrible rating because Abbey Inn earns positive points for cleanliness which offsets the fact that there was no hot water for morning showers. We were very impressed with the manager of Abbey who called our room in response to...More
Yummy breakfast with lots of variety large rooms with space to hang out and play games, staff is very accomodating and eager ot help out. It is in a great location as a base to explore the surrounding national parks.
This is Such a nice friendly hotel, with a great location directly off the 15 freeway, Close to several different restaurants and gas stations. Comfortable beds and a nice breakfast in a cute little house next door.Thank you for writing a review for our hotel. We are happy you enjoyed our comfortable beds and breakfast. We hope to see you again in the future.
One of the most efficiently run hotels I've ever stayed in. Room was spotless, breakfast was very good, beds were very comfortable. Great location near freeway access, but quiet. Friendly, helpful staff. Price was excellent. I've never written a hotel review before, but this place...MoreWe are so glad that we are the first hotel you have ever reviewed! Tripadvisor is a great tool for us to know how we are doing. Thank you for the kind comments and your 5 star review! We appreciate you coming to stay with...More
Beautiful, comfortable, clean, quiet and spacious hotel room. Silver Baron has accommodating guest services and the food at DV is very good. Gorgeous location. It's in-between season so we had the outdoor pool and hot tub all to ourselves. I definitely recommend staying here. Deer Valley does it right!
We had a great time at Deer Valley again this year! The accommodations were perfect for our family at the Silver Baron Lodge. Great location and breakfast. Shuttles took us to the slopes and dinner! Staff was lovely. Comfortable, spacious, clean suite and pool and hot tub area were super!
We try to make it here at least once a year, usually for our anniversary. The digs are amazing and the staff is superb. The manager Maryann is one of the coolest and finest people I have ever met in the hospitality industry. We love everything about Silver Baron from the private hot tubs, to the awesome pools, to the... More
There was hair in the sink, hair in and on the toilet, in the tub, and the kitchen sink had white milky drips and spills inside. We were given another room, which was just as bad, but in addition to sink and toilet and tub hair, there was hair on the floor in piles. The kitchen sink was fine in... More
The Staff were friendly and helpful. The day was hot but our room was cool and refreshing. We would definitely recommend this hotel to our friends and family and we will choose to stay there should we find ourselves in Salt Lake again.
The hotel is a nice place to stay for families. The have an indoor pool and serve breakfast. The place is clean and quiet. It is a little hard to find, as it is off the beaten path but worth the effort to find. the staff is friendly and accommodating.
We reserved a room for our annual ski vacation and yes, everything was just perfect. Very nice, clean and spacious room with all the needed amenities. Plenty of choices for really good restaurants around the hotel. Staff are very courteous, very attentive, knowledgeable, pleasantly approachable...More
