Spontaneous weekend getaway. Estes Park Condos did not disappoint. This place is even more magical than the website makes it seem! Staff was very accommodating with our late check in and check out. We stayed at Antlers Point 5, private hot tub, grill, fireplace, HBO, dvd player, full bathroom and full kitchen. Very cozy and welcoming. Perfect for a couple.... More
I and my wife stayed here with two other couples. we had a loft, a queen bed, Another bedroom and a queen sleeper sofa in the living room. All areas had TV's. The condo overlooked the big Thompson river. you could here the river running at night. Very clean and everything is very nice .. all services worked.. and just... More
We rented a premium condo 2 bedroom hot tub to spend a weekend with our friends that were visiting us in Colorado from another country. The place was nice and clean,very spacious for the four of us. One bedroom was in the main floor with a full bathroom.( not inside the room). The second room was in the second floor... More
We only stayed one night but were pleased that the room was clean and quite. Bed was comfortable and the breakfast was good. The staff we encountered were all friendly. Had a good small town friendly atmosphere.Thank you so much for your review! We're glad that we could provide you with a pleasant stay! If you're ever in the neighborhood again, we hope we'll see you!
Hampton Inn was, as usual, clean, staff was friendly. Breakfast was adequate. We had stayed at this facility approximately 3 years ago and found that it hasn't changed. Still a nice place to visit. Staff very willing to make any change to keep customer happy.
Stayed 2 nights. Nice bug room, very quiet room! Was on top floor. They have a happy hour from 5:30pm to 7 pm. Lots of food more like dinner than hor'd'ors. Drinks food, free popcorn and fountain drinks. NICE HOT breakfast with lots of...More
Our family of five spent two nights here on our way back to MO from UT. Beds were comfortable, bathroom was clean, breakfast and dinner menu were great. Pool and hot tub were clean and well maintained. Staff was friendly and attentive. This location is...More
We stayed one what was a shame. When we checked in we spoke to Ian on desk this man was so helpful. We had free dinner. Three drinks free. Also free soft drinks. The hotel is so good. The spa and pool. Excellent. Such a...More
We stayed in a king bed suite here while settling on our home in Colorado Springs. It was nice to have a spacious living area (with sofa bed for our son) and comfortable, quiet bedroom. In addition the couch and chairs in the living area...More
Another great trip at the Drury Inn. Clean and nice rooms and common areas. All of the female staff were very nice and friendly. Indoor pool and hot tub. Kickback is a nice feature. Great snacks/food in the evening: hot dogs, nachos, chicken fingers, salad,...More
Clean, spacious, and quiet rooms. Very comfortable accommodations. Breakfast was good for a free buffet style breakfast. I will stay here again. I will also recommend this hotel to friends. This is in a good location to take in the sites around the area.
The lobby is large and beautifully decorated. The desk staff friendly. The room is well appointed with a great bed and pillows. The bathroom is great really loved the soft towels and the walk into shower with wall dispensers for soap, shampoo and conditioner (no...More
Drury Inn Suites near the AF Academy is a GEM!! The staff is SUPER friendly! So are the rooms!The Breakfast is SUPER great variety - and so is the EVENING FEAST! and INCLUSIVE LIQUIDS!!!Considering the price for Your room includes al of the...More
Our organization arranged for our out-of-town Board members to stay at Drury Inn Suites for a Board Meeting, which we also held in one of the Drury Conference Rooms. The management and staff of the Drury Inn provided excellent service and accommodations, going above...More
Our stay was great at the Drury Inn. Stayed on the 7th floor in a king deluxe. The staff were all very nice and courteous. The breakfast was good as well. Also offered free food and drinks from 530pm-7pm. The Hearty Chili was very good.
We stayed at the Drury Inn and Suites Colorado Springs for one night. We specifically chose the Drury Inn chain due to a good experience at the Drury Inn Denver Tech Center last summer. We were not disappointed. The hotel was clean, modern, and an...More
We were introduced to Drury Hotels by an acquaintance. Now we stay everywhere that has one on our trip route. Colorado Springs is a good example of the best of the best. It is beyond clean the staff are helpful, friendly, and polite. The Manager...More
First, this was the first time I have ever stayed at a Drury Inn, and I am here to say it was absolutely the best choice I made for this trip. It was within 7 minutes of where I needed to be, it is clean,...More
This hotel has a great view of Pikes Peak. It's right up there with the rest of the Drury Hotels. Very clean. Friendly staff. There are a lot of restaurant options nearby. Unfortunately for me most of them are restaurants I have in my hometown.
This is a great hotel! Our first time staying at a Drury Inn but definitely won't be our last! The Hotel was in great condition. My kids loved the indoor/outdoor pool and the hot tub. The happy hour was amazing and had so much food...More
From the moment we checked in until we left two days later we had excellent service from everyone. Our room on the fifth floor had amazing views over the mountains. The room was very clean and everywhere in the hotel was clean and tidy. Brian...More
This is a new location and staff is friendly and attentive. I know what I'll get each time I stay and that is a good stay in a nice room. Food for breakfast and evening happy hour is good. This place is always clean and...More
We have never stayed here before but decided to give it a try based on the reviews we read. The staff was amazing. The room is bright, clean, and comfortable. The free breakfast and happy hour, along with the popcorn was a bonus and helpful...More
The hotel is clean, comfortable, cheap, has a small indoor/outdoor pool, large hot tub, provides extras like free breakfast, free dinner, free wi-fi, and free popcorn. The food wasn't great - a lot of mushy pasta at dinner - baked potatoes were good but the...More
I booked our room the night before we stayed after reading the reviews. Although it seemed a little pricey, it was the best price in the area for the busy season. We came after a day at RMNP. Great location, not in the middle of busy downtown Estes Park but close if you want to enjoy the town. It is... More
We stayed here after traveling through Rocky Mountain Nat'l Park. Not a chain motel. The room was small, but very clean. Very friendly staff. Bed was very comfortable. Room had a microwave and refrigerator. TV was low def (not HD). Wifi was spotty and somewhat slow. Continental breakfast was light - sweet rolls, donuts, muffins, coffee, cereal - no orange... More
I come here every year, with my family. Used to be a great experience. Staff was always helpful. Not as good as it was for families, now you cant even have kids food in the lobby bar. Staff is not as welcoming as they used...More
Resort was clean and family friendly. Resort restaurant (8100) was awful. Poor slow service, cold food and overpriced. Eat elsewhere Dusty Boot, Hooked or Blue Moose. We were happy with resort location and amenities but had multiple bad experiences at restaurant.MoreWe are so glad that you and your family enjoyed our resort. We are so sorry to hear of your experience at 8100 and have informed our team of your feedback. We strive to host great food with incredible service in a luxurious environment that...More
There are two La Quintas in Westminster and I've stayed in both. This one is better: cleaner, friendlier, and generally better run. Now that I've stayed at this one, I won't be returning to the other.
We stay at LaQuinta's regularly. This one fell below the others in three areas. The desk staff did not seem to be really up on things, the internet was extremely slow and disconnected frequently, and the blackout curtains were inefficient and couldn't compete with a light that was right outside our window.
I needed a no frills place to sleep during the day and wifi internet while I was working in Denver overnight.I though a large chain would be a safe bet. I talked with the person working the desk and she let me check in early (12 noon instead of 3pm) and I thought I was off to a good start,... More
My husband and I found Castle Mountain Lodge on accident, but it was a very happy accident indeed! We planned our simple vow renewal ceremony over the phone with LuJean and she was BEYOND helpful, she even called around locally for us trying to help find someone to play guitar during the ceremony. She suggested Evergreen Cabin B for us... More
This place was a great place to stay. It's very close to RMNP. It's very affordable (this is a relative measure since it's Estes Park). It was very relaxing. Our unit sleeps six but we had three. Six would have been a little bit cramped but for three it was great. Not the best place for views, but why stick... More
stayed in 4. The layout was good for one of their small suites. Had elk in the driveway the first morning. A limited view of the river across the road. Staff was nice and the fruit available in the office was a nice touch. Reasonable price for Estes Park. Nice access to town and park. RMNP is the true reason... More
We stayed here for 3 nights. The location was just right to be far enough out of the crazy of downtown, but close enough to get everywhere within 5 minutes. The chalets are private with some units having a hot tub. We didn't opt for one. There was a gas grill and patio furniture for our unit. It was very... More
Stayed in 323 nicely remodeled with new appliances and comfy soaking tub. Walk in shower a plus. Friendly, seamless check in and room ready early added value. Retro decor classy and sylish. Rich historic building. Did not use any onsite facilities. Great business location in heart of old town dining entertainment district. Spendy rates but we will be back. This... More
The hotel is located near Csu campus and also the town center. Surrounded by many restaurants and coffee shops. The rooms are large and clean. The staff are very nice and helpful. Need to be careful of the noises of some rooms.
This hotel is really charming, clean and it is a great location in Fort Collins. Our room was spacious and the bed was really comfortable. I would definitely stay here again on our next trip to Fort Collins!
I stayed at this motel few times in 2014, 2015, 16 and we loved it. The room was clean and we had a great view from our balcony. The owner, Vincent was very kind and helpful. The room was not expensive and we had a...More
We had to stay at the Econo Lodge because everywhere else was fully booked. The room was on the first floor and we had to go through the cranky staircase. There was water leak from the ac on the entire corridor in the first floor....More
Estes Park is very crowded on these nice fall days, and there was a limited amount of rooms available throughout the resort. We booked this room as we were travelling and I did not check the reviews first. BIG MISTAKE! I would give this place a negative worse than terrible if I could. We had our day in Estes... More
The most dirty hotel I have ever seen! I wonder if Choice Hotel group does any inspection for hotels owed by the company. Every inch of the hotel is unclean. If you want to enjoy your trip and cherish the natural beauty of the Estes Park never think about to stay in this hotel
Good thing I brought my lysol spray with me. The carpet soo.. dirty and stained. I should know as soon as we entered the lobby! Traveling with two kids I cleaned with clorox towelettes everything in the room.
We had to stay at the Econo Lodge because everywhere else was fully booked. The room itself wasn't that bad. But the price is definitely too high for what you get. Staff not particularly friendly. Overall non the best place we've stayed. I can't say...More
Was trying to find a room last minute and the hotels in our price range were booked. A room at the Econo Lodge opened up so I grabbed it. Had I read the reviews here I may have reconsidered. When you pay 139/night you expect something decent. When we pulled up around 10 pm to check-in the lobby was dark... More
We just returned from a spectacular stay at the Stonebrook Resort. Originally we were to stay for 2 nights, but we loved it so much that with fingers crossed, we asked if there was any availability to keep our room one more night, and much to our delight the answer was yes. The staff at the hotel is very nice... More
If you're looking for a romantic, relaxing, secluded place to get away, consider Stonebrook Resort. The cabins are clean and well-appointed. Fall River is just outside your back door and downtown Estes is close by. You can soak in an outdoor hot tub or enjoy and indoor jacuzzi. If you're like me, the option to stay in and enjoy a... More
My husband and I stayed here in June of 2015. We were celebrating an anniversary and this place was perfect! We stayed in a cabin that just slept 2. The furnishings were chic cabin. It had that log cabin mountain feel. The description of our cabin said it was not river front because it was not directly on the river,... More
Close to downtown and Rocky Mountain National Park. You can go out back and fish for trout. Wonderful views. Very clean and quiet! Fell asleep to the sound of the river, very relaxing. Great hosts. Great location! We'll be back!
Clean and cozy! Had everything we needed for total comfort. Ideal location. And Paula was very helpful with where to go for Hiking, Food, and what ever else we needed. The Falls River behind our cottage was a real treat! Between the Rocky Mtn. Natl Park entrance and the town of Estes Park.We will be back!
My wife and I stayed at the Rimrock so that we could attend a Christmas party that was also held there. She is confined to a wheelchair, so we asked for an accessible room with a roll-in shower, and we were not disappointed. The bathroom is clean, roomy and has a large roll-in shower with dual shower heads and good... More
Michelle and Reed were so friendly and really went the extra mile to make up feel welcome. Their goal is go above and beyond what is expected and they did. They have added a restaurant and a latte/cappuccino machine. Yummy! This is worth a visit.
This is a new hotel. Great staff. Loved interacting with Peggy. I wish there were a salad or vegetable option with the good menu. Rooms were clean and nicely decorated. I don't have anything else to say. Trip Advisor makes you write at least 200 words.
This is a new hotel. Great staff. Loved interacting with Peggy. I wish there were a salad or vegetable option with the good menu. Rooms were clean and nicely decorated. I don't have anything else to say. Trip Advisor makes you write at least 200 words.
We recently spent a night at this delightful Inn in conjunction with a family gathering. The hotel is new, modern, very clean and harbors a wonderful, friendly, welcoming environment. The staff is amazing and make you feel like a part of an extended family. The dining/bar area lends itself to comfortable gatherings for socials, breakfast, light evening entrees, etc. It... More
I decided to spend one night in the Golden Plains Motel in Holyoke, CO, after bad experiences at Cobblestone Hotels. I was glad I stayed here. 59 a night for the older side or 99 for the newer side. I took the older side after not seeing much of a difference, and I was there for one night. The front... More
We made a stop in Silverton for a little pick me up. We parked in front of this little coffee shop and walked right in. The servers were sweet and helpful to my daughter who is a picky coffee drinker. One of the girls was in training and did a good job at making a delicious coffee drink. A cute... More
This hotel was recently renovated, and it is gorgeous. A lot of money and pride obviously went into this remodel. Our biggest complaint was that we were only in town one night, we would have loved to stay longer. We will definitely be back.
Austria Haus has one of the best locations in Vail: steps away from the famous bridge, near the Creek. Great place, beautiful decoration, quiet, friendly, delicious buffet for breakfast, easy to park (with Valet Parking or across the street from the Parking Place), swimming pool is a must and where you can enjoy the view and activities of the creek....... More
From my confirmed reservation, to the change in pricing at check in, to the room and what was in it, to the slamming of doors all through the night and morning, to the couple who were having a custody battle over a child of theirs in the hallway what can I say but I wouldn't stay there again! No smoking... More
My fianc and I booked our last night in Denver here, we were looking for a good deal and have stayed in at least 20 other hostels internationally so thought we'd give 11th Avenue a chance. We came up to the room that night after dinner and immediately thought everything looked dinghy but we were still positive.... until we pulled... More
The Worldmark Wyndom was great. They had everything we needed. We were less than a mile from the Rocky Mtn National Park and the scenery was breathtaking. We saw Elk, Mule deer and other wildlife. We also went snowshoeing up in the park which was awesome. There are lots of great trails to explore.
Newly refurbished 2 room condo was immaculate and very well appointed. Great view of the snowy mountains and Big Thompson river. The fireplace was terrific after a blustery snowy day, and the bed was super. We will stay here again.
We stopped in Holyoke for the evening and stayed at the Cobblestone Inn. Of all the national chain hotels that we have stayed in, the Cobblestone Inn is one of the best. Rooms were fresh and clean, everything worked. They have a lounge with bar service and have the standard free hot breakfast. We are already planning to reserve a... More
We stayed on our way home from winter in AZ. We are snowbirds. The desk staff were very helpful, the sausage gravy and biscuits were delicious (free breakfast). The bed was comfy and clean. Thank you!
They charge if a person smokes yet they do not clean the room if they do. I was put in a non smoking room that reeked of smoke. The a/c did not work, the internet did not work, the ice machine did not work. I have a service dog and was put in the room furthest from the potty area... More
This is quite an old motel, with outside stairs and doors.....not my favorite style of hotel, but, since we're just passing through, we decided to give it a go. Staff is friendly, the rooms are clean, and you can't beat the price. However, even for a budget motel, the decor is seriously outdated (it screams 1980s) and there is a... More
Had a typical stay for a couple of days while visiting family in Grand Junction. The room was fine as a whole, and the place seemed to be somewhat newly renovated, however there was nothing here to brag about in terms of you must stay here. The room was clean and suited our purposes well, though if you are tall... More
I'm not usually a review poster but our stay at America's Best Value Inn in Grand Junction CO was so horrendously awful that it deserves some public attention. Our AC in our room was not working so we notified the front desk and someone was sent to evaluate it. No maintenance was done to improve the AC but the attendant... More
By far one of the best hotels we have ever stayed. Very friendly staff, large, comfortable suite. Free meals and laundry facility. We were only supposed to stay one night and ended up staying an additional night. Very highly recommended.
Clean comfortable room right off interstate 70. The best thing about it was its access to a fantastic bar and grill called Oscar's bar and grill. The restaurant is literally right across the parking lot from the hote.
Clean comfortable room right off interstate 70. The best thing about it was its access to a fantastic bar and grill called Oscar's bar and grill. The restaurant is literally right across the parking lot from the hote.
Our stay was pleasant at this motel. Everything was clean and attractive. The breakfast was nothing to brag about but they did have eggs, yogurt rolls cereal etc. The staff were very helpful and friendly. The bed was very comfortable.
From the poor customer service to the filthy rooms, this hotel was horrible. It looks to be a new hotel but has not been kept up. Its as if they don't care at all. We drove ten hours just to be told that the queen room we reserved was sold out. We had four people and one queen bed. The... More
The hotel has what you need for a quick stay before heading to the airport. The shuttle to the airport is prompt. The hotel staff is very nice and willing to keep fresh coffee in the lobby. The rooms are very spacious. The bathroom is also large, but the shower is not comfortable. The room is provided with a coffee... More
The hotel has what you need for a quick stay before heading to the airport. The shuttle to the airport is prompt. The hotel staff is very nice and willing to keep fresh coffee in the lobby. The rooms are very spacious. The bathroom is also large, but the shower is not comfortable. The room is provided with a coffee... More
From the poor customer service to the filthy rooms, this hotel was horrible. It looks to be a new hotel but has not been kept up. Its as if they don't care at all. We drove ten hours just to be told that the queen room we reserved was sold out. We had four people and one queen bed. The... More
The Mountainside Inn is extremely well located, a very short walk to Lift 7. Indeed, this is the Inn's best feature and it's a big deal. It's fairly priced in an otherwise over-priced town. The one-bedroom condo was adequate and basic but not fancy. Good bathroom/shower. Nice bed. Workable kitchen. Reasonable living area. The TV in the living room was... More
Our stay at Mountainside Inn was very pleasant. The location is perfect for skiing and walking into town or to the supermarket. The room is fine for two, but would be crowded for three. I appreciated the fully stocked kitchenette and prepared many meals there. The office staff is helpful and general atmosphere is relaxing. The outside out tub is... More
The Mountainside Inn may be a bit dated, but it is affordable, clean, large bathrooms, excellent apres-ski hot tub, and only minutes on foot from lift 7. The front desk staff were helpful and friendly. The walk to downtown is 15 minutes, and Clark's Market is about 6 minutes. Best deal I found in Telluride, and on the river too!!
This was the most reasonably priced hotel in Telluride we could find. We weren't disappointed. The rooms are very nice. The hot tub is outside and a nice amenity after a day skiing. There is no free breakfast, but they have free wifi. The staff were very nice and helpful. I recommend a room on the second floor, we were... More
We LOVED this place!!! We had reservations but due to baby waits for no one we had to ask for additional days ahead of our reservations. The staff could not have been nicer to accommodate our needs. We had a room with kitchenette and it was large enough for the 2 of us. We saved a lot of money by... More
We stayed here for 3 nights while attending a motorcycle rally. Our kitchenette room was basic, but most people don't visit Telluride to hang out in their hotel room, so we found it satisfactory. The bed was comfortable, and the extra single bed gave us additional pillows to choose from. Be aware that daily housekeeping is not provided with these... More
Everything was clean and nice. Room was smaller than I expected but it was nice. Bathroom was very nice.
Another cheap and unpleasant Durango, CO motel. Paper thin walls, dirty, curtain had holes and shredded edges, no hair dryer, no kleenex. I just needed one night's rest and didn't want to pay 150 at the nicer places but this room wasn't worth it.
The hotel was right off the Interstate, very easy to find. The front desk staff was very friendly. The room was a litte small but accomodating. There was a free breakfast, which looked good, although we joined family at the breakfast buffet at the restaurant next door. Would definitely stay here again.
It was GREAT! As well as the service we received when we arrived late for a nights sleep on our way through to Steamboat Springs from MN. Hot and cold breakfast in the morning, well stocked as well! We'll keep this one in mind next time through for sure!!
This quaint hotel was conveniently located near the airport. It has a lovely warm fireplace, delicious dinner and they even started breakfast five minutes early since I had to leave early for the day.
The hotel rooms are nice, clean, and updated and are equipped with a refrigerator and microwave. It was a nice place to rest before an early morning flight. Airport shuttle was convenient, too! I would recommend to anyone in a similar situation.
We recently had the opportunity to stay at this property. This hotel is centrally located in the Cherry Creek area, rooms are clean and spacious. We initially had some booking problems, but they were easily corrected by Tyler and Anthony. Complimentary breakfast is nice -- providing more than bagels and juice and the evening reception is also quite nice. Great... More
Please see my review of 11-9-2014 in the Terrible Category. I decided to give the Hotel another try, really nothing has changed. The room assigned was near the highway, so noise is still present. Wall are paper thin, so you can hear outside noise as well as your neighbors, doors slam with a loud noise. HVAC system is weak, and... More
Staff all helpful and welcoming. Room very comfortable with great views of the Rockies. Breakfast was nice and easy to take to work. Great pool and gym and outdoor fire pit area. Will definitely stay again.
The staff is outstanding. The amenities are excellent. It is very modern and clean with great attention to being green. The indoor heated pool and free-to-use bicycles are an added bonus. I love this hotel.
Clean and modern. Super comfortable beds and top-end appliances. Stayed here with my son for 3 nights to see some baseball and Rocky Mountains. Though not downtown, it's still walking distance to several bars, restaurants, a movie theatre and large shopping mall in a very nice area. Would definitely stay here again. Highly recommended.
Great view of the town of Creede and an easy half mile walk to historic downtown area. The place was very clean and kitchen very adequate for our use. We had helpful communication with the owner before, during and after our stay.
it appears this hotel is brand new and the condition reflects that. the rooms were clean and nicely appointed. the lobby area was modern and had everything you could need. the breakfast area was large and the food was good with a made to order omelet station. This is unheard of for a hotel of this price range. there is... More
What a nice experience. Did not expect this nice of hotel in the town I stayed in. Great staff and wonderful breakfast selection. The hotel and room was clean with comfortable pillows and bed. Highly Recommend!
We arrived late afternoon on October 9th and we're looking for a room. Found this Inn on Trip Advisor. We could not have asked for a more pleasant stay. Our room was so nice. I loved the fact that this young couple are living their dream by owning their hotel. It's obvious they are very hard workers and love what... More
We had a terrific stay, great accommodations, the owners are fantastic, friendly, helpful and the whole inn has a homey and friendly feel. It's also within walking distance of downtown Estes Park and just down the road from RMNP. We will absolutely stay here again.
The Maxwell Inn is a wonderful, cozy retreat on the doorstep of Rocky Mountain National Park. The location is perfect! Rooms are really clean and have a rustic mountain lodge feel. The free breakfast is pretty solid, and there's a new patio outside where you can enjoy your morning coffee in the sun or a bonfire at night. The owners... More
Our flight into Colorado was cancelled due to a blizzard event, shortening our stay at The Maxwell by one day. We called The Maxwell hoping to get some of our money back for the night we were going to miss. I was expecting to have to argue but Dana, one of the owners, completely understood and gave us a full... More
We relied on prior TripAdvisor reviews and were well rewarded. We were only at The Maxwell for one night (using three rooms - 9, 10 and 21) and found it to be very clean, comfortable, nicely decorated, great Wi-Fi, and easy access/egress. While we only met one person, the young woman who checked us in, she was smiling and helpful.... More
Its a great business class hotel. What made it special was the front desk staff being so helpful ! Special shout out to Patrick! Thanks for making me feel special! Facilities are very clean and updated. Very efficient being so close to Colorado Springs airport.
