The staff is extraordinarily friendly and helpful. The facilities are pristine and spacious. I would absolutely recommend this to anyone staying in the Asheville area. We were in town to be with a family member in hospice and the staff was so amazing.
Very clean hotel. We booked an over-sized room and it had great space. The hotel was in a great location and could get to downtown in just a few minutes. If you are going to the Biltmore, then it is just a block or two...More
Every experience at this hotel was excellent. Great location, nice venue, great employees at every level, friendly and accommodating. Highly recommend if in the area. Transportation to airport and nearby venues a big plus.
The room was very spacious and quiet, and the unexpected bonus was free dinners on Mondays through Thursday nights with fresh salad bar, free beer (If you like MGD) and decent food. The location of the property was very accessible to I-40 and the area was nice and quiet. I would definitely stay there again.
I stayed at this property for just 1 night on a very quick business trip. The hotel was clean, the rooms were comfortable and the staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. They gave us great recommendations for restaurants nearby. The breakfast was great the next morning, plenty of food for the late morning crowd, like me. I love being able... More
I had a one night stay at Homewood Suite for a flight the next morning. I found the hotel very close to the airport. The hotel was very nice. This was my first stay at a Homewood Suites so I did not know what to expect. I did not put much thought into booking it. It was a Hilton Property... More
The staff is polite and professional at all times. I love the fact that checkout is at noon. The free breakfast was delicious! The bed in the room was comfortable. There is a outdoor pool and a nice fitness center.
This is a hidden Gem. We checked in on a Friday evening. Richard was at the front desk. Kind ,great smile and very friendly. Feels like you already knew him. Beautiful rooms, great breakfast spread in the mornings. I needed a bit of information on Saturday and Ms. Reagan was at the front desk. She greets everyone with a warm... More
This is a great hotel for short and long term stays. Staff are very friendly, Hotel is clean. Includes great breakfast, light dinner and beer and wine in the evening. The hotel shuttle is also very useful for taking to local malls and the airport.
Very friendly staff, clean rooms, great for business travel the evening social and the breakfast eliminates the need to find somewhere to go for breakfast and dinner. Would like more security in parking lot.
Room was nasty falling apart poorly kept up it ended up being the worst stay ever if it wasnt the only thing available for a big concert weekend we would of canceled .the door had electrical tape covering up around the door knob , the locks did not work, we only had one light that worked,the microwave was covered in... More
On our trip home to Massachusetts from Florida we stopped in Pembroke for a night's stay at the Holiday Inn Express. The Pembroke area is very historical as it is the home of the Lumbee Indians. People there are very hospitable. It is a newer Holiday Inn express- very clean. Beds are very comfortable. Staff is so friendly. The usual... More
Hyatt House stay in Charlotte NC was great! The breakfast was EXCELLENT!!! Even though the rooms are great...I could see the wearing beginning on the sofa and chipping on dining table. The location is great near the Epicentre. In the complex you have multiple eating options, movie theatre, etc. You can park on the streets during the weekend for free... More
Have been going to Charlotte for several years now, almost on a monthly basis. Have stayed at the Aloft each and every time until now. This was my first Hyatt House stay and will switch over. Beautiful room, spacious, great furniture, cozy, comfy, awesome bed, modern, beautiful. The lobby was nice and inviting. Really nice bar with great service. Really... More
Great location. Close to the epicenter and tons of restaurants. Beautiful modern amenities and a five star staff! Super friendly!! Would highly recommend. We usually stay at 4 and 5 star resorts. This did not disappoint. Will be back for sure.
Stayed here for a business workshop that lasted 2 days. It was very centrally located, and as with any Hyatt, extremely comfortable and up to date. I didn't hit the restaurants in the hotel, but there were plenty of places nearby. The staff were very nice, the room was great as always, quiet, clean, and comfortable overall.
Stayed here for a conference. Everything in Charlotte is pretty much walking distance and it was about an 8 minute walk to the convention center. I took the CAT bus from the airport to the CTC (2.20, 35 mins). From there it was a 5 minute walk. Took an uber back to the airport, which was about 11 (15 mins).... More
The room had a great view. All of the guys that ran the valet parking were great, gave great recommendations and even made sure that even if we were running in for 5 minutes that our car would be cool and in a reserved spot.
Stayed for the 4th of July. Close to everything. Hotel was clean and nicely appointed. Front office staff friendly and very helpful. Pool was a little small but overall a good hotel. Didn't try the food. Parking was reasonable at 24/day. Can walk to many downtown attractions without needing a taxi or Uber.
We had a great night out on the town in Charlotte NC and head back to the hotel, go down to grab a beer from the store, and the Manager Michael tells me that this is the Bible Belt, and there are no alcohol sales after Sunday at midnight, and refused to sell me a beer out of the cooler.... More
Stayed in our favorite hotel in the city, where you are close to the center , where almost the restaurants and other things to do are a walking distance! One of the affordable place, where cleanliness, service and hospitality you can have. A pool on 7th floor deck !
As others have detailed, this hotel has a wonderful modern decor, is very clean, rooms have a mini kitchen, bed is extremely comfortable and breakfast is nothing short of amazing and it's free so I won't repeat all of those details. Let's talk, instead about some of the criticisms previously mentioned and the surprises. Customer service from valet to front... More
I had never stayed at a Hyatt House and I am so glad to now have that experience. Even though I didn't need a full kitchen, this chain will be my first selection when I do. How they can design so much functionality and spaciousness into a room is amazing. It felt like a suite and the price was affordable.... More
Hyatt House stay in Charlotte NC was great! The breakfast was EXCELLENT!!! Even though the rooms are great...I could see the wearing beginning on the sofa and chipping on dining table. The location is great near the Epicentre. In the complex you have multiple eating options, movie theatre, etc. You can park on the streets during the weekend for free... More
As others have detailed, this hotel has a wonderful modern decor, is very clean, rooms have a mini kitchen, bed is extremely comfortable and breakfast is nothing short of amazing and it's free so I won't repeat all of those details. Let's talk, instead about some of the criticisms previously mentioned and the surprises. Customer service from valet to front... More
Stayed here for a conference. Everything in Charlotte is pretty much walking distance and it was about an 8 minute walk to the convention center. I took the CAT bus from the airport to the CTC (2.20, 35 mins). From there it was a 5 minute walk. Took an uber back to the airport, which was about 11 (15 mins).... More
I stayed here for one night and was very impressed with the sophistication of the hotel. The lobby and bar area was very nice and my room was very spacious and modern. The bed was extremely comfortable, and I would love to know what kind of mattress I slept on so that I may buy it for my home. There... More
From the valet staff and cleaning personnel to the manager, everyone was courteous and prompt. I will not have any reservations about bringing my family back to this establishment or suggesting this hotel to my friends or family. Thanks for a pleasant stay!
We had a great night out on the town in Charlotte NC and head back to the hotel, go down to grab a beer from the store, and the Manager Michael tells me that this is the Bible Belt, and there are no alcohol sales after Sunday at midnight, and refused to sell me a beer out of the cooler.... More
I stayed here for one night and was very impressed with the sophistication of the hotel. The lobby and bar area was very nice and my room was very spacious and modern. The bed was extremely comfortable, and I would love to know what kind of mattress I slept on so that I may buy it for my home. There... More
I would highly recommend the Hyatt House. A group of friends stayed downtown to celebrate a special birthday. We stayed in the one bedroom king suite. It was beautiful and well appointed with ample seating and a full kitchen. The room was decorated in rich colors with granite countertops. It honestly felt like we were visiting a friend's apartment vs... More
Could not access wi-fi. Ice machines shut down and was advised to go to Hampton Inn and get some. Showers still have a straight shower rod. Really, it's 2015, get a curved shower bar. No one wants to take a shower with the shower curtain touching them!!
Good place to stay, just wish we didn't have room directly facing highway. Could hear traffic all night long. Also was on a hallway with a party that went on into the early morning hours. If we go back again I will request room on back part of hotel. I will also call the police the next time I have... More
We went to NC looking for land for sale and ended up in Wrightsville beach in Wilmington. With out reservations we grabbed the first hotel on the beach we saw. We were checked in by the best host ever named Hunter. He made my wife and I feel at ease and right at home. Hunter offered to show us the... More
My husband and I relocated to Wilmington in January. We needed a short term rental, all inclusive. We were so very fortunate to find these wonderful condos right on the beach for such a fantastic rate. Jason and Hunter are out of this world! They are professional, helpful, organized and just right down hug-able. They always had a smile and... More
My husband and I stayed at the Loggerhead Inn for an impromptu beach stay. The owner was friendly and helpful. The Inn is very old, and the rooms are pretty small. The room was a little dark (not much lighting) and everything was older and...More
My family and I just returned from staying at the Oak Island Inn. We unfortunately, had to come down for a memorial service for a family member. On short notice I had to make arrangements for myself, my mom and my children. I came across the Oak Island Inn and based on the reviews decided to make a reservation. I... More
We stayed for two nights. It was a clean, comfortable, no frills room with a fridge and microwave. The beds are comfortable. The price was reasonable for summer season and being two blocks from the public entrance to the beach. This motel is also in walking distance to a couple of restaurants and coffee shop. John and Buffy, the owners,... More
As I sit here and relax, the total atmosphere is just what I needed. The rooms are great, and the owners make you feel like part of the family. I would greatly suggest you take a break here. I have not been to Oak Island before but will be back mostly thanks to the owners here. You can always count... More
This problem happen about two years ago. For my wife's birthday, I had booked a night at The VanLandingham Estate. Granted, I booked it through a through a third-party agent Trivago maybe and it was a deal, meaning discounted. I booked it a few weeks in advance. We were to stay the night and attend a concert. However,... More
Found this lovely hotel after being frustrated trying to stay and eat in Asheville. First, Black Mountain is fun with loads of shops. Monte Vista is a charming old hotel with a great caring staff, good bar and even better restaurant. Owners are on site and took time to make sure we got whatever we needed, even down to bring... More
Stayed at the Seaward for a week, and the staff was always helpful and very nice. The rooms are very clean as well. Will definately stay here again if traveling this way.
The desk clerk was very nice, the room comfortable and clean, and housekeeping came every morning at a decent hour, not too early. No bugs, appliances worked fine. Reasonable rates and clean property. Would recommend to friends and family. Close to shopping, restaurants, grocery and highways. No complaints.
Friendly staff, great accommodations, quiet and CLEAN. Traveled with other family in multiple rooms for a wedding and staff was able to group our rooms near others in our party when we checked in even though we didn't request that in advance.
We stayed at the Best Western Plus on our way to Maryland. We stopped here because of our great experience with the Great Western Sweetgrass in Charleston and we are happy we did. This is a lovely quiet hotel. The rooms are very comfortable, the check in is efficient and the service is great. In addition they welcomed our Golden... More
They aim to please at this Hampton and go above and beyond for everything. Hotel is clean, well furnished with local history and character, and a most accommodating staff, especially Mr. Mike. Probably the best hotel in the Wilkesboro area.
Nice Job on Room Improvements: - Nice new tile work in bathroom - professional work! - Good electrical lights and receptacles - Nice new furniture - nothing scabbed together. Quality stuff. - New AC units - quiet and very functional. - Heavy-duty front door and door lock. Secure! Very clean. Friendly, helpful, and honest management. This is the mom and... More
Was there recently for work with a large group. The hotel was very accommodating and the staff extremely friendly. Pillows werent really comfortable (in my personal opinion)but thats just me. Complimentary breakfast was actually really good.
Enjoyed my stay last week at the Hampton. Near the Crabtree Mall with nice restaurants and stores. Good for a business visit. Typical Hampton rooms and benefits. I would stay again here if I came back to town on business. Was able to get a...More
Second stay here, other was 2 years ago. Centrally located, lots of retail near by, every thing you could want. Right off 440 , but in a quiet area. In fact is a *very* quiet hotel. Airport a short drive away. Traffic pattern for the...More
I stayed here while in town on business. The place is clean and nice. Comfortable rooms. Nice exercise room. Friendly and helpful staff. One of the nicest around. I will be staying here next time I'm in town.Thank you for taking the time to write such a kind review about your experience at our hotel. We are truly grateful for your business and look forward to seeing you again in the future. Sincerely, Homewood Suites by Hilton Concord Charlotte Management Team
Very clean and beautiful accommodations!! The Suites were huge! Staff was very friendly and helpful!! Really enjoyed my stay! Will be staying here again!! Highly recommended. The youth with me enjoyed themselves.Five stars! Thank you for recommending the Homewood Suites Concord to fellow travelers. We are delighted to hear that you enjoyed your experience at our hotel and we hope to see you and your family again soon. Sincerely, Homewood Suites Concord Management Team
Best hotel I have ever stayed in. Was for a night away with my husband. Same price as other hotels but much more room. Extremely clean and super friendly staff. Easy to find and safe location. You must book here.Thank you for this wonderful five star review! We are absolutely delighted to hear that you enjoyed your experience at our hotel and we hope that you will have an opportunity to visit us again soon. Sincerely, Homewood Suites Concord Management Team
This hotel met and exceeded all of our expectations. Everything from the front staff the cleanliness the laundry facility the breakfast area at the pool the basketball courts the decorations everything was perfect. Thank youThank you for the five star review! We appreciate you taking the time to recommend our comfortable accommodations and unique amenities to fellow travelers. We are grateful for your business and hope to see you again soon! Sincerely, Homewood Suites Concord Management Team
We were in between houses, moving - i'm from Charlotte. This is a wonderful part of town. So near everything (driving distance). We had to stay for a week! And our stay could not have been more comfortable. Everyone was so warm and kind to us. The breakfast menu changed every day and it was all delicious! There was a... More
Rooms were great..enough space for my family. The full kitchen was very beneficial if you are traveling with small kids. Also the fee breakfast was great every morning.. It was always enough as well as dinner served in the social area Monday-Thursday. The staff is very courteous and constantly making sure your stay is going good!!!
awesome place, we were gladly surprise, staff was nice and friendly, the room was perfect, super comfy bed, and everything was clean, we loved our stayed and will recommended 100. plus you have a kitchen, wonderful!
Cannot recommend this place enough. Great location, close to Sylva and Culhowee, friendly helpful staff, beautiful location on the River with a deck and chairs to enjoy it. Newly () renovated, clean, etc., etc.
The hotel is located along side the Tuckasegee River. The rooms are spacious and clean. The bed is very comfortable. We had a 3rd floor riverside room. The view and the river sounds from light white water rushing over the rocks create a tranquil setting (especially in the early morning as the sun is rising, and evening as the sun... More
Stayed at this hotel whilst visiting UNC and also used the conference center facilities/rooms which were located on the ground floor and away from the front of the building so quiet and productive. The room was a very spacious king and all the usual amenities of the Courtyard group of hotels from Marriott. They are perfect for business or pleasure... More
I traveled to Chapel Hill last week and stayed at this hotel. The experience overall was okay but there were some miscues. On the positive side the hotel appears to be relatively new. The rooms were very well maintained and everything was very clean and comfortable. The wifi is free and works great. The TV was new and the bed... More
I was here all of 10 hours, and it was very, very good. I wasn't there long enough to test out everything. I was a little disappointed that the lobby bar closed at 10 on a Friday, but it didn't affect my overall good impression of the place. Oh, and great location!
I love this place. As a platinum member they were able to upgrade me to a very nice room. Unfortunately the TV didn't work I call downstairs and Sean who is the front desk manager that evening gave me another room with an upgrade with the TV works the room was excellent and in addition he gave me a breakfast... More
Totally agree with comments about the staff! Checked in to Courtyard Marriott to visit a failing family member. Our two day trip extended to 10 as our relative declined quickly and passed away. The staff was very accommodating as we kept extending our stay with no real check out date. When our relative passed away, we received flowers and a... More
Let me start with some things I liked about this motel. The room was pretty spacious, and generally clean. The front desk service was friendly and helpful. The cost was reasonable. The wi-fi in the room worked at a reasonable speed. The breakfast was pretty tasty. I had scrambled eggs, sausage, a nice bagel, coffee, OJ, and yogurt. Other choices,... More
Excellent place to stay off exit 97 of I95. Clean rooms, nice breakfast. Staff very helpful. Good rate. We enjoyed our stay there. There is something to be said about Southern hospitality. It's evident everywhere at the Hampton.
Up until about two years ago I always stayed in Hampton Inns while traveling or on vacation, but it seemed they were getting just a little too expensive, so for the last two years I've been staying at another chain that was slightly more reasonable. Although I really can't complain about the price or accommodations of the other chain, I... More
We made a stop over at this location while heading south. Nice location, clean room, and friendly people. They offer breakfast which on our morning was eggs, sausages, and you could make your own waffles. They also had brown bags to go if you didn't want to take the time to eat in their little dinning area. Outlet center just... More
