This hotel and its people are always great. We always come back to this location even though there are many alternatives in the Greenville area. The location is perfect. From here there is no need for your car. You can walk everywhere easily.
Great place to stay. Great location. Many things to do and see in Greenville. Don't skip the west end of town, a lot to see on that side too. Avoid driving down main street, lot's of lights and too much traffic.
They were able to accommodate me at an earlier time than normal check-in. Room was clean and comfortable except for the pillows. Also, there were no bathroom amenities other than shampoo. The town was flooding and under a STATE OF EMERGENCY. The staff was scrambling to accommodate guests as best they could.
We stay at this resort twice a year for conferences. This is a very nice place to stay - very clean and the staff are very friendly. The only downside is the parking. The lot is small so you have to either keep circling for...MoreThank you for taking the time to write such a helpful review about your stay at Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Island. We are happy to continue welcoming you to our resort and that you enjoyed your visit with us. We hope to welcome you back...More
Dont stay anywhere else when in HHI!! From the moment we were greeted at reception shown our room to the poolside food beverage service, the customer service was spectacular! The corner ocean view room was clean, the staff warm welcoming, the grounds...MoreThank you, Amanda, for taking the time to provide an amazing review about your stay at Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Island. We are so pleased to hear that you enjoyed the clean room accommodations, gorgeous grounds, and delicious food options. Providing top-notch customer service is...More
We just had a wonderful stay at the Sonesta in Hilton Head. I stayed here two years ago when it was the aging Crowne Plaza. I didn't plan to return to the property but other TripAdvisor reviews discussed how nice it was after the renovation....MoreThank you so much for your return visit. We are very excited about the outcome of our renovation and happy to hear you were impressed by our finished product! As you can remember from your previous stay, it is quite the transformation with much brighter...More
This was our first time to Hilton Head and we picked a winner. The amenities from the beach to the staff was exceptional. While checking in, the front desk person was very helpful. She made an effort to make sure we could get back to...MoreThank you, Louis, for taking the time to provide a thoughtful review about your visit to Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Island and welcome! We are happy to hear that you enjoyed our resort amenities and the Thanksgiving buffet. Customer service is of the utmost importance...More
We had a great time staying at Sonesta. Even though our room overlooked the pool it was still quiet. There were lots of opportunities to listen to live music. The morning yoga was a really nice way to start the day. Food was good and...MoreThank you for taking the time to write such a generous review about your stay at Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Island. We are delighted to hear that you enjoyed the live music and morning yoga. We look forward to welcoming you back for another great...More
We spent 3 days here, very happy with stay and resort. All staff were very friendly. The rooms are very clean and modern. We chose the first floor for ease in and out. A short walk to the beach which is perfect. You have to...MoreThank you for your wonderful review after your recent stay with us at Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Island. Were glad to hear that you enjoyed your overall stay and appreciate your kind feedback regarding the friendliness of our staff, room accommodations, beachfront location and resort...More
From the time you arrived at the entrance the people were more than willing to help from the greeter to the bell hops to the front desk. Very knowledgeable on all questions. Hotel looks brand new the moment you walk in to the rooms. Shut...More
I visited the resort over the weekend and it is a quite lovely. The pool is beautiful and the beach access is worth the price of the room. I will say that there were A LOT of partying young adults there that I could have...MoreWe appreciate you taking the time to share your experience after your stay at Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Island. We are glad to hear that you enjoyed the beachfront location, pool amenities and entertainment in the lounge. Thank you for visiting the Lowcountry, we look...More
We just got to the Sonesta today and we are extremely impressed. The hotel is beautiful. The lobby is warm and welcoming, our guest room was a very comfortable size and even included a mini fridge and a balcony, not always standard features. The grounds...More
Last minute reservations were easy and lovely. We arrived late enough at night that we were exhausted. The supper at the hotel was toecurling good. And the easy access to the beach was just lovely. One of the door men gave us great directions to...MoreThank you, Wantina, for taking the time to write a wonderful review about your stay at Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Island. We are glad to hear that your supper was toe-curling good and that our staff was able to provide a great breakfast recommendation for...More
Ok, I will say this hotel/resort is absolutely beautiful. We did not know completely what to expect, although, given the price of the hotel, we were expecting something nice THIS place exceeded our expectations. The grounds were incredible. They have options for just about anyone:...MoreThank you so much for taking the time to share your experience with us in regards to your recent visit! We are very excited to read you enjoyed all the amenities available to you throughout our resort including our pool bar Sweet Cane's! We want...More
This hotel was just perfect for Hilton Head. The pools and hot tubs are surrounded with very comfortable chairs and beds with or without shade per your preference, You can rent bikes on site and ride around the beautiful area. The pool area spills out...MoreThank you, Natalie, for taking the time to write a wonderful review about your stay at Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Island. We are thrilled to hear that you enjoyed our pool amenities, bike rentals and trails, and live entertainment at Bayleys Bar. We are also...More
Very nice hotel with very good facilities, though I was onsite for a conference and really didn't get to take advantage. I imagine it is dramatically more expensive in the high season (we got a special conference rate). Food was decent (only ate there for...MoreThank you, Brian, for taking the time to provide a wonderful review about your visit to Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Island. We are thrilled that you enjoyed your stay, our facilities, dining options, and room accommodations. We hope to welcome you back to the Lowcountry...More
Enjoyed our mid-week 3-night stay in October. Coming from another 3-night stay at a Myrtle Beach resort, this place was hands-down, more superb than what we stayed at. People at the resort were very friendly. Plenty of chairs available at the pool. They were quick...MoreThank you, Sherilyn, for taking the time to write a helpful review about your visit to Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Island. We are happy to hear that you found our resort beautiful, clean, and quiet. Customer service is of the utmost importance to us, so...More
The facilities are beautiful and comfortable. The bedding was wonderful. Lots of places to sit and relax. The ocean and beach were enjoyable. Did not use the pool. The gift shop offered a variety. Parking was easy on my own.MoreHi Angela, Thank you so much for taking the time to write a review after your recent stay with us at Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Island. We are glad to hear that you had a wonderful stay and greatly appreciate your kind feedback. We hope...More
We loved our room. I paid extra for an upgrade that included a corner room and an ocean view. Believe it or not, I got both, and the view was gorgeous. However, we looked at the hotel from various spots on the grounds as well...MoreThank you for taking the time to write a review after your recent stay with us. We greatly appreciate your feedback and are glad to hear that you enjoyed your room location and view. Your opinion means a great deal to us as a valued...More
If you want a resort on the water look no further! We stayed for a week as our last vacation before our first child arrives over the summer. The rooms are nicely updated and very clean. The housekeeping staff was top notch, our room was...MoreThank you for writing a wonderful review after your stay at Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Island. Providing a great stay to each of our guests is very important to us. We are thrilled that you enjoyed the room accommodations, housekeeping, pool amenities, umbrella and chair...More
Stayed 5 plus times at this resort. Always great service and facilities. Great pool and rooms. Close to ocean and everything. Staff is on top of everything and very responsive. Best place to stay on the islandMoreThank you for continuing to select Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Island as your destination of choice. It is always great when we are able to welcome guests back again and again. We are so pleased to hear that you enjoyed our great facilities and responsive...More
Sonesta is a special place. I have always stayed at a private residence and beach, but this trumped everything. The staff is tops. Never lurking , but always appear when they sense a need. The facility is wonderfully designed from the lobby to the beach....MoreThank you for taking the time to provide a wonderful review about your visit to Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Island. We are thrilled to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us and that you found our staff top notch. We look forward to welcoming...More
Stayed at the Sonesta Resort on Hilton Head Island last week for several days with my family--seven of us. Our stay at the Sonesta was great--beginning to end. We did not want to leave. Had a minor issue at check in, but it was quickly...MoreI appreciate you taking the time to write such a terrific review about your stay at Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Island. We are delighted to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us and that you found our staff attentive and kind. Customer service is...More
We just returned after spending 6 days at this resort. The resort has apparently undergone a complete facelift and according to security personnel every room in the resort has been redone. The room we stayed in was simple but adequate with a shared balcony overlooking...MoreHi Bruce, Thank you so much for your review after your recent stay with us. We are glad to hear that you enjoyed your overall stay and we appreciate your kind words regarding our room accommodations and on-site dining. We greatly value your feedback and...More
We've stayed at this hotel many times before, when it was Crown Plaza and also Sonesta. Location is perfect, service is top notch and the renovations Sonesta have are wonderful. Very different atmosphere than most other resort hotels. Rooms are VERY clean and comfortable. Lots...MoreThank you for taking the time to write a thoughtful review about your visit to Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Island and welcome back! We are glad to hear that you enjoyed our beautiful location, onsite dining options, and comfortable room accommodations. Customer service is very...More
Came for the wine festival. Great location, great room, quiet sleep, great staff, good food, nice grounds...overall great. Will stay here again. Had wonderful massage in spa. Very friendly staff. Parking could improve.MoreThank you for providing us with the helpful review. We are always happy to hear that our staff was courteous and accommodating to our guests. We are disappointed to hear that our parking was an issue. We would like to speak with you on how...More
I live locally but have a fairly small home. Sonesta is quite convenient for my out of town guests to stay in close proximity. They really have done a beautiful job of remodeling and breathing life into this property. My friends and family have both...MoreThank you for your wonderful review of our resort! We are so happy to hear that Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Island is your top recommendation for your out-of-town guests and we greatly appreciate your kind review. We are thankful for the continued pleasure of hosting...More
Stayed here for 1 night for a golf tournament in Hilton Head. Loved the decor and the layout. I had much difficulty understanding the accent of the check-in desk clerk. We had made a booking stipulation for 3 rooms together due to teenagers needing adult...MoreThank you for taking the time to share your experience at Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Island with us. We apologize for the initial confusion with the room situation but I am glad to hear that you were accommodated accordingly. Aside from that minor inconvenience, I...More
My husband and I enjoyed a long weekend to celebrate my birthday. It snowed the day before we arrived. We enjoyed seeing the snow and the ocean too! Sonesta is an amazing Resort! Everyone is friendly and they go above and beyond to make your...MoreThank you for taking the time to write a great review about your visit to Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Island and Happy Birthday! We are happy to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us even in the snowy weather. Thankfully we dont get snow...More
My husband and I have been coming here ever since Sonesta purchased it. They really upgraded the hotel and the staff. We love being greeted by the bellhop staff as soon as we drive up and Bailey's bar staff. We are like old friends. The...MoreThank you, Terri, for writing a generous review about your visit to Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Island. Customer service is of the utmost importance to us so we are glad that our staff welcomed you like old friends. We are thrilled that you enjoyed our...More
We were extremely pleased with our stay at the Sonesta Resort highly recommend it. We have stayed at many of the resorts in Hilton Head over the past several years the Sonesta is by far our favorite for many reasons. Although it is...MoreThank you for your excellent review after your time with us at Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Island. We are thrilled to hear your incredible feedback and are so happy that you enjoyed your stay. Thank you for your kind words regarding the friendliness and helpfulness...More
My husband and I spent 6 days at this resort and loved everything about it. It is a well thought out resort in many ways. The food was excellent and the live music was too. Everyone was very friendly. We will definitely be back.MoreSandra, I appreciate you taking the time to write such a wonderful review about your stay at Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Island. We are happy to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us and that you found our resort great in many ways. We...More
This property was more than we expected. Very clean. Friendly staff. Very welcoming. Plenty of choices for all foodies. The island has a lot of bike trails and you can rent bikes on the property. Has all the amenities that one could want as they...More
We spent a week at Sonesta resort and very much enjoyed our stay. Great location, fantastic front desk staff, lovely rooms and comfortable cafe/bar area. The weather was unseasonably warm, and we loved strolling along the beach. We had one little issue during our stay,...MoreThank you for spending the time to write us such a wonderful review. Our goal at Sonesta Resort Hilton Head is to always provide a memorable experience for each guest, so we are very pleased to hear that you had the chance to experience our...More
Although not to my personal liking, the lovely renovations have returned this hotel to its former glory and then some. Staff is warm and welcoming and very quick to make certain your stay is pleasant, every day you are there. Rooms are cozy and comfortable....More
This was our first trip to Hilton Head, and we really loved the area, and the Sonesta was a great place to stay. The grounds of the hotel were beautiful, as was the surrounding area and the beach that was nearby and in easy walking...MoreThank you for your wonderful review. We are very proud of our newly renovated property, from the dcor to the layout and the amenities we have to offer. It is great to hear you shared the same thoughts about our renovation including the grounds, accessibility...More
Sonesta Resort is an absolute gem! I travel quite a bit for work and leisure and this resort is one of the best locations in the states. My daughters and I stayed here for Springbreak and enjoyed the proximity to the beach, the pool area,...MoreHi Kim, Thank you for your wonderful review after your recent stay with us at Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Island. We are so glad to hear that you and your family enjoyed your time with us and we greatly appreciate your kind words regarding the...More
Great experience with one caveats. We loved this resort, it is beautiful and they spent 33million in renovations. First, it was me and my wife, we are both 28 years old. We picked a bad time to come to this resort only because there were...More
We chose Sonesta for our 25th Wedding Anniversary destination, based on tripadvisor reviews and were not disappointed. It really is beautiful, modern and luxurious feeling while being relaxing, also. We knew from the greeting we received from Kate at the front desk, everything would be...More
This hotel is absolutely perfect and beautiful. The service is outstanding. Everyone goes out their way to make you feel like a VIP. The breakfast buffet is great. We have come back every year for the past 22 years and that should say it all.MoreThank you for being such a loyal guest with us at Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Island. It is always great when we are able to welcome guests back again and again. Customer service is very important to us, so I am delighted that our staff...More
We loved this hotel. First time at Hilton Head. Loved the bed and the pillows, towels were very soft. Everything was clean and all the staff were very polite. Easy access to the beach. Only thing I didn't like was they gave you a choice...MoreThank you, Karen, for taking the time to write a thoughtful review about your visit to Sonesta Resort Hilton Head Island and welcome! We are glad to hear that you enjoyed our beautiful and convenient beach access, outside fire pits, and comfortable room accommodations. We...More
I made a guaranteed reservation in October for the Masters golf tournament week, which is held every year in April. As you can imagine, hotels fill up years in adance for this week, so I made sure to do this very early. SIX MONTHS after I made my reservation, I received an email from the manager Tina McCarthy saying that... More
Stayed here on a return trip from Florida. Simple on and off I95. Huge comfortable bed. Heat was on as it was unusually cold. The entire building, outside, the lobby and our room had fresh paint and appeared to be upgrading at this time. Very quiet room. Nice breakfast in the lobby. Great coffee, major plus. Store and restaurants close.... More
Great staff, good breakfast, comfortable rooms. Close to shopping and historic downtown. Plenty of places to eat. And, an easy drive to Charleston for a day trip, without having to pay high hotel prices.
We were pleasantly surprised when we opened the door! The suite was a perfect reflection of this area's charm! Jacuzzi in the room was so clean. The living room was warm and welcoming! It was much larger than any we have ever stayed in. I could have taken up residence and refuge here. If we get back this way, we... More
We just spent another week visiting family in Aiken and stayed at the Sleep Inn. The staff is friendly and helpful. The room was clean, quiet and comfortable. The location was really convenient. I had free use of the nearby Gold's Gym with my room key from the Sleep Inn, and we also got a discount on our meal at... More
The Sleep Inn staff is very friendly and they have free access to Golds Gym which is an easy walk. Rooms are clean and the price is right. Breakfast is OK but could be improved. Facility is nice and I enjoy the popcorn in the lobby.
The Sleep Inn staff is very friendly and they have free access to Golds Gym which is an easy walk. Rooms are clean and the price is right. Breakfast is OK but could be improved. Facility is nice and I enjoy the popcorn in the lobby.
The room appeared clean, but I always take a Clorox wipe and wipe things down myself anyway. Our first 2 rooms smelled smoky most likely because they were close to the designated smoking area in the back of the hotel, but we had no problem getting changed to one that did not have those issues. It was a very quiet... More
I had made reservations 4 months in advance and had it held on my card because I had a conference going on and booked guests for conference her. When I check my reservation I find out the manager of the hotel cancelled my hotels without warning because of an Indian wedding! I called in order to find out why and... More
Walked in to the lobby and was greeted by Ashley. It was nice being greeted with a smile and a hello. She got me checked in and I was put into a ground room floor. The lobby was large and clean as was the room. There are plenty of restaurants (and a movie theater) all within walking distance. Good place... More
Stayed here for college visits to Anderson university and Furman. Room was clean and comfortable. Breakfast was as expected from comfort suites. It was easy off interstate and from downtown Anderson. Room rate with AAA was very good on Sunday night, 77 plus taxes totaled 84. We will stay here again if the need arises.
My mother, nephew,niece, and myself stayed at the Sleep Inn , and we so enjoyed it. The room was clean and had everything that we needed for the night. The location is wonderfully close to the interstate, restaurants, and some shopping. What made the stay even more pleasurable was the staff. Stefani was the best she made our stay there... More
My son and I were passing through to North Carolina. I booked this hotel several days prior even though there was some negative feedback. The room was very clean. There was no noise at night (being so close to the highway). The girls at the front counter were very nice and hospitable. The only complaint was the bathroom.....the pain't was... More
Located just off I-95 at Walterboro, SC. Very friendly staff, decent breakfast (bread products), clean rooms and large parking lot. Good stop before heading South to Daytona! The beds are soft, not firm and the TV is a crystal clear flat screen.
Overnight stay. Room were clean and comfortable bed was soft and cozy. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was typical muffins,fruit,cereal and waffles. The only complaint would be the noise from the room above us was usually loud.
Had a great stay. No complaints at all! Friendly staff, great midern rooms. The hotel was located near restaurants. I utilized the Wi-Fi and was very satisfied. The gym was more modern than many other hotel gyms. Woukd def stay again
Right reserved a room after reading the reviews on here. I must agree that for the price this is an absolutely delightful stay. The plus is that they even have free breakfast which makes it perfect! I think it was a good stay. I will make sure to come back
This one is EASY ! When a Hotel chain has a PLUS or PREMIER along with a Standard they need to really set 3 definite feels to the locations. This BW Plus is a real step up from the Standard. Staff is great decor is great ! Very clean ...comfortable. Other BW PLUS property's that Don't provide that step up... More
My husband and I were moving to fort Bragg and happened to got tired driving for hours, we weren't familiar with this town so we used trip advisor to see what's good and came across with this amazing hotel. I'm not sure how new this hotel was but it looks very new! The check in process was very smooth, the... More
I stayed at this Best Western on an overnight trip with my two daughters. The front desk staff and management were extremely friendly. Didn't really speak to the housekeeping staff, but they were almost always smiling. The breakfast was pretty good with both boiled eggs and egg patties, sliced ham, make your own waffles, a pancake maker, yogurt, fruit, pastries,... More
Normally I have concerns when I stop at motels run by a member of the AAHA but I was quite surprised at how good the motel grounds and rooms were. The room was cinder block constructed and it was in very good shape. The room was quite clean. The inside walls could be touched up with a little paint. The... More
Our first stay at this location it was ok.. Very nice breakfast not much room to sit though. Found internet ok in lobby but not in the assigned room. Would stay again but need the internet in the room. Room was very clean and bed comfortable . I do recommend some sort of non slip surface be placed in the... More
The room seemed clean and the bed was comfortable but the chemical smell of air freshener was so overpowering, so strong that it burned my throat. The television had fuzzy reception. The soap had an unpleasant scent and stuck to your hands. I'll avoid this inn in the future.
This motel should be condemned it is the nastiest motel i have ever had the dissatisfaction of staying in. I was given room 11 it smelled like pee and stagnant beer and it was filthy with pubic hair in the sink and floor there was cockroach and hatched egg sacks on the edges of the walls. I tried to use... More
I am a diamond member and travel every week. This hotel is one of the top hotels in the comfort suites chain. clean, friendly and always hot meals. the hotel staff is well informed and are always willing to help as needed.
