I had the Lincoln Suite again. I will always request that suite when I am going to be staying there. The Jacuzzi is great and the bed is comfortable. I am told that it is the most requested room in the Hotel.
The room was clean, the bed was decent, and there were plenty of towels. The place wasn't too fancy (hence the 4 stars) but if you're looking for a place to crash, it will do the trick. The staff was nice as well! It's a bit of a walking distance from downtown which is actually up a pretty decent hill.... More
We stayed here for 2 nights and the women at the desk were wonderful. We got there on a Tuesday evening only to find out that most everything in town was closed as it wasn't season yet. The desk clerk was so helpful telling us what she thought would be open and gave us copies of menus to help us.... More
Hubs and I had an early flight out, so we booked a night here. Checkin was a breeze. The front desk associate was pleasant and professional. Bonus: for a reasonable fee we could park our car in their lot while we were on our trip. Our room was immaculate, spacious, and modern. Good sized seating area, sectional couch desk.... More
Excellent overnight stay near the airport. Convenient amenities including free breakfast and transportation to the airport. Restaurant Excellent overnight stay near the airport. Convenient amenities include free breakfast and transportation to the airport. Well appointed and clean suite style rooms. 24 hour food service available. and location. Reasonably priced.
Great Reno location for travelers. Staff is friendly accommodating. Have a small bar with snacks a breakfast is included in price of room. A would definitely recommend the Hyatt Place especially for people who want a comfortable hotel want to escape the casino atmosphere.
We wanted to spend special time with our 2 teen girls and their grandparents. So we picked Vegas for all it offers. After a LOT of research, we picked the Delano as our hotel. So sorry we did. 3 rooms, 1000+/night and so let down, Here's why. First, we picked this hotel in part for the 7 pools they show... More
Cool modern and tasteful, this calm gem at the south end of the strip will be my go-to in Las Vegas. All accommodations are true suites with a separate living room (not large in my moderate price selection) one full extraordinary bathroom and a powder room. A great set up if traveling with someone who needs to get some work... More
We had stayed at TheHOTEL a few times, but it was getting long in the tooth, so when the Delano took over the space, we were very interested in seeing how the property changed. Well, we were not disappointed -- the rooms remain large and comfortable, but now with a 70s Miami/Beach vibe. The location -- adjacent to Mandalay, but... More
This is a high end hotel where even the cocktail waitress are very nice and friendly and serve you with a smile she even remembered what we ordered even if it was as simple as coffee....rooms really clean and smelled clean temp in room comfortable too
Back on 2005 it was named The Hotel at the time it was very good fine Hotel but specially because all the rooms were suites, today as Delano Hotel the rooms still are suites but the dcor and service has been improved notable , it was excellent . Clean, modern with fine bathroom amenities Plus checking in was handled efficiently... More
stayed for a conference - I don't gamble, hate going through smoke filled casino floor just to get to my room - this hotel has its own lobby, hotel, bar, connected to Mandalay Bay convention center. the room is a suite - living room with 1/2 bath, bedroom with on-suite bath room, 3 TV screens. it was a lux accommodation... More
We had a very good trip. The hotel was excellent, the food was great. Gambling was not too good but it was the experience that counts. I would certainly consider this hotel for my next trip. It is one of my favorites.
Rude clerk at check in. After a long wait! Room had terrible smell. Room had no soap. Ov erall room very poor compared to other 5 star hotels. Long walk to parkinging. Unfortunately front desk experience along with smelly room makes this hotel a no stay
I stayed at the Wynn for one day right before staying at the Delano for 4 days. I found it to be a contrast of luxury hotels. The Wynn is most likely the nicest hotel I have ever stayed in and I have stayed in all the luxury hotels in Vegas and most in the world. The Delano was substantially... More
This hotel is classy, modern looking, and yet everyone is kind. The staff isnt snobby. It was a great place to stay. While its at the end of the strip there is so much to do right o the property -- from great food -- rviea was amazing -- to shopping to 1923 (a great bar). We loved every bit... More
Arrived at MB in the morning and accepted an upgrade from a standard room at MB to a standard suite at The Delano. The last time I stayed at this property was a couple of years ago when it was TheHotel. We left to get breakfast since the room was not ready, and about an hour later the room was... More
The hotel lobby was amazing, smelled relaxing. I hate the smoke smell and gambling machines. Delano was the best hotel I've ever stayed in. The room was breathtaking, separate living and bedroom, had half a bath at the entrance. The tub was by far the key point of my stay. I just wish we would of stayed longer.
Amazing hotel. Great service and great places to enjoy ourselves. We were here with 3 other couples and couldn't have asked for a better hotel. Away from all the smoke and gaming was ideal for us but also so close to Mandalay bay.
This is a beautiful hotel. The service was impeccable and the amenities were perfect. The hotel is one of the first ones on the strip and away from the hustle and bustle of the strip hotels. Everything you need is in house. No need to ever leave.
This was my first trip to this hotel and first time staying this far down the strip. The hotel is literally all the way at the end of the strip, probably could walk to the airport. I wouldn't do that, just kidding. The hotel has been newly renovated and is beautiful. The rooms are suites with a powder room and... More
They did it right here, just like their sister spot in South Beach. Posh, sexy, dark and inviting, the Delano is a great place for couples to stay. Sitting behind the Mandalay Bay main building, the Hotel is a little off the beaten path, but the ambiance and seclusion is worth it. The room was perfect and had a nice... More
Very disappointed. Originally we had reserved a room at Mandalay Bay. I received a email offering a upgrade to the Delano at a special rate. They said the room had a great view of Las Vegas because it had floor to ceiling windows. It was our 20th anniversary so I went for it. We had a view of the ugly... More
The whole hotel from the valet, to the lobby, to the hallways, bars and restaurants and especially the room, were exceptional. They were tasteful, clean, roomy and plush. Will be my first choice for subsequent visits.
I was attending a conference and had the opportunity to stay at Mandalay's Delano in Las Vegas. I remember visiting this hotel's lobby many years ago just because it was so fabulous, and nothing has changed. It remains a classical modern retreat from the artificiality of Vegas. You will find references to geology throughout the hotel, from the rock formations... More
Love this hotel. Nice to have suite and they are dog friendly. Dog rooms are very clean and you don't hear other pets all the time unlike most properties that allow animals. Everyone is friendly and helpful.
we chose this motel because it was pet friendly. Our room had 2 small queen size beds with a tiny bathroom. The bed linens and towels were a good quality. The shower needs to be replaced. The room cleaner did a very poor job especially on the rugs which was in disrepair. We did note that the motel is redoing... More
I come to Vegas often on business and the strip is exhausting. The element is a new, clean and quiet hotel. The staff was so friendly, and Sergio at the front desk made you feel like he would do anything for you. The rooms are large and comfortable and most even have their own kitchen.
We were looking for a place close to the Las Vegas Motor Speedway - the Hampton is only about 10 mins from the track - I would highly recommend this hotel to chill at after a day at the races ! Great Rooms, Great Beds, Great service and free Breakfast yea! Very close to lots of restaurants !
For me, a hotel is all about the bed and workspace. Here, the bed was ok the workspace was cramped (chair bumps up against the bed not much room to move back). The Fridge Checked in after stopping at the grocery store and put 52 worth of food in the fridge. Tried to find a dial to check the setting... More
Chose this location because of event attending. Had good experiences with Hampton in the past at other locations. This was not a good experience. No hot water, boiled eggs tasted like onions. Staff polite and very nice. Compensated for no hot water in rate reduction. Not worth the higher price rate for a night's stay.
So anxious to get home. Used the H I App again. We received a warm greeting, got room key cards and was advised bottles of water were in the room for us. Upon opening the room door waves of old, stale nicotine assailed us. This is a 'NO SMOKING FACILITY!' We returned to Reception where we received a sincere apology... More
Quiet place to stay. 15 minutes from the strip, restaurants in the area. Shower heads were old, water did not evenly distribute when streaming out. Room was clean, refrigerator and microwave in room was a plus. Small but quiet gym
We stayed on this time share property thru a family member. We stayed on a corner 2 bedroom suite with views of other casino buildings on the strip. Check-in and out was quick with no lines. Staff members are friendly and accommodating. Our room was clean and has all the amenities for a typical condo time share property. My kids did not attend the children's program /play ground but we always see kids with attendants on the play area every morning from our room. The pool was small and I wish it was larger considering that it is a time share property and most of their guests are families with kids. Parking (valet only) is free which is great considering that MGM properties on the strip charged for parking. My main complaint is the long wait for getting our car. We always waited for at least 15 minutes or longer to get our car. The longest was during our check our which is around 10:00 AM when we waited at least 40 minutes, I guess its the check out time.We are delighted that you found our associates friendly and accommodating. We appreciate your feedback of your stay. Thank you for your perfect review of Marriott's Grand Chateau.
We became timeshare owners 12 years ago, and we travel a lot. This was our first time ever to stay at our home property. The service was wonderful, the staff pleasant, and the suites beautiful. It wa a wonderful stay. Two critiques, 1. the movie that was played in the evening was rated PG13, and our small children 3 and 6 were not able to stay in the pool because of it, and when we went to the other pool, it was a lot of young adults smoking and drinking.Thank you for a perfect review, Cat! We are happy to hear you enjoyed your villa here at Marriott's Grand Chateau. Your feedback is very important to us and has been shared with our senior resort management.
As an owner of Marriott I couldn't be more pleased with the Grand Chateau. Stayed in a very nice 2 bedroom 2 bath unit plenty of room for the 2 of us. The staff was fantastic. 2 pool areas, one on the 5th floor and the other was on the 387h floor, roof top. Both has full bars and served food.. Location was a half block from the Strip, across the street from Planet Hollywood. Lounge in the lobby and a deli. Would definitely stay there againMichael, we are so happy to hear you are enjoying your Ownership. Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback and leave a perfect review. We look forward to your next visit.
Room was noisy. Someone's car alarm went off every 1/2 hour and keep us awake. Room was good. Our third time staying there on our way up north. Our past trips were better and we will be back. Probably just a bad night.
Pretty average Best Western. Price was ridiculous because it was Valentines Day but it was only room available in town or nearby St. George, UT. The lobby was really nice. Breakfast was pretty good. Rooms were clean and comfy, but no comforters on beds. Had bathtub which is always a plus. Downsides were it is not indoors and there is... More
Not only a great room, great service, and great price, the overall state of this hotel was awsome. First time being in a hotel that the bed was not next to the a/c., Has black out curtains, the bed was to die for, the sheers had to be Egyptian 1000 count. The gals at the front desk allowed us to... More
This is an average hotel, next to a nice Peggy Sue's restaurant. The hotel is convenient to Zion N.P. about an hour away. The wireless in the back building was not working except in our bathroom, They have a nice pool and hot tub.
Place was awesome clean , comfortable. Had problem with one guest but took care of the issue on my own !
This place was disgusting. The room smelled like molded carpet. The handle on the entry door was broken. The door jam on the entry door looked like it had bee recently kicked in. I'm not sure why this motel would be part of anything associated with Windom hotels. I would like a refund. The worst part is that it cost... More
