The room was clean and spacious, although a bit dated. The mattress was comfortable, but had food debris and stains under the mattress pad. The air conditioner was immediately adjacent to the bed and blew directly on the bed. There were outside balconies with no...More
You will not be disappointed here. The room we had was fabulous. These renovated mansions are gorgeous. The breakfast served the next day in the main mansion was delicious as well. Loved the shuttle that will take you around the area.The2ofUStogether, we are so glad that you enjoyed a fabulous stay at The Inn! Thank you for taking the time to share your experience with us and the Trip Advisor community!
This hotel had great customer service. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. Affordable rates. We were also impressed with the selection at the continental breakfast. Good food and coffee/tea choices.
The Marriot always exceeds my expectation. The service is friendly and the breakfast was pretty darn good. The rooms were clean with a microwave and a fridge. This is our go to hotel when we go over the border shopping.
Stayed here for a week at the beginning of May and one week at the end of May. Staff are very friendly. Room always cleaned with nothing missed. Extra towels was no problem. Breakfast was simple but good.
I am not one to complain being that my husband has been in the hotel business for over 40 years but this experience was not good at all. First of all, they required that I pay the entire 3 night stay upfront (never heard of that), the grounds were unkept with cigarette butts everywhere, I had to call for towels... More
This motel is a place where Michigan uses for hathway house for Sexual Predators. They have ankle bracelets on. These guys are supposed to be around kids. I stayed there and was pestered by these folks. I could not even be in the room without them waiting for me to come out. Also the cleaning standards weren't very good. You... More
Great food, great service and great background musician that we stayed to listen to the remainder of the evening.
The motel sits just off of 41 so it was quiet yet close to everything. It was impressively clean! The staff was courteous and helpful. Upon leaving, I asked about Jeffrey's Restaurant, which was across the street. It was highly recommended, so we went. The food was great! I liked that I had to use my room key to enter... More
I really liked this place. Although the place was full we were close to the lobby, we didn't hear any noise from other guests. The bed/pillows were comfy. Nice side chair with a foot rest. We enjoyed sitting by the fireplace out in the main area after our return from Bronner's. We were treated very well by front desk... More
Hotel was in a great location but being on the road side with a room was really loud. This hotel is right on Main street, which is a busy road, there is ony a drive way that separates your room from that road. We tried to switch rooms and were told it was 20 more dollars a night to stay... More
My wife and I have been coming to Frankenmuth in December for over 30 years. We have always stayed at the same motel but, this yearwe decidedto try a different place. We chose the Marv Herzog hotel. It was a wise choice. What a really great place it turned out to be. It is right in the center of downtown... More
Great stay! Hotel staff very friendly and helpful. Surrounding area very clean and safe. Gym onsite but also access complimentary access to lifetime fitness across the street........complimentary breakfast.
Went for a business/mostly leisure trip with couples. What a beautiful propriety and gorgeous accommodations! The suits are HUGE, and the surrounding areas are safe with lots of restaurants and IKEA nearby!
Great stay! Hotel staff very friendly and helpful. Surrounding area very clean and safe. Gym onsite but also access complimentary access to lifetime fitness across the street........complimentary breakfast.
Rooms here were very clean, modern and convenient to getting around Canton. Easy on and off the interstate yet within a short distance from stores, restaurants. Plymouth and Ann Arbor are only a short drive away.
Tucked away on Haggety this is a great location for a hotel away from the crazy traffic. Needing to go to the U of M Medical Center satellite offices in Northville - this place is in the perfect location and an easy no highway drive to the Center. Only issue was the sheets were not as fresh as advertised -... More
We spent a few nights here, and the location was great. Easy on/off the highway, down the street from IKEA, and lots of restaurants in close proximity. Room was quiet and comfortable kids loved the big indoor pool. Complimentary breakfast was as expected, with plenty of options.
Went for a business/mostly leisure trip with couples. What a beautiful propriety and gorgeous accommodations! The suits are HUGE, and the surrounding areas are safe with lots of restaurants and IKEA nearby!
We spent a few nights here, and the location was great. Easy on/off the highway, down the street from IKEA, and lots of restaurants in close proximity. Room was quiet and comfortable kids loved the big indoor pool. Complimentary breakfast was as expected, with plenty of options.
Very clean and helpful staff great breakfast - it may look old outside but surprised me nice on inside and the price was right and just a short trip to the race track would stay again and so quiet even thought close to interstate
The time we spent here was a positive experience. From reservations to checkout everything went smoothly. The location was perfect for our purposes. I would definitely recommend this Best Western to family and friends.
I booked without checking reviews. My fault. Because they all are accurate ! Bad. The phone in room didn't work there were no light bulbs in any lights. Only over sink and in bathroom. The sheets were clean. The toilet wouldn't flush but discovered why because it runs all the time. Bath tub area had mold in all the seams.... More
We came to Petosky last minute and this was the only hotel we could get for a decent price for 5 people. I was very hesitant after reading many of the reviews, but it was overall a decent place. The rooms were clean. The beds were uncomfortable but seemed to be clean. We were actually pleasantly surprised after reading all... More
Rooms on 2nd. floor I had booked 7 rooms. The first group arrived told us it was O K. The only problem was second floor rooms only, my daughter told them that I was using a walker and had a boot on my foot and unable to do stairs. The said they could make no changes. We arrived and tried... More
I thought it was a little pricey for what it was but it was clean, older inside the room but clean. The grounds were the best part - there were lots of pretty flowers and a nice sitting area in the back. Unfortunately there was construction on the side where the room was they initially put us in and seemed... More
It is an old-fashioned motel like where my family stayed in in the late 1950s and early 1960s. Dated furnishings BUT Cindy and Gypsy are super friendly and obviously work hard and care about the place. Nice big trees, a place to sit out back, big parking spaces outside your room. It is on the main highway so we heard... More
Coming in from driving over the road, this hotel is almost like being home! I check in on the App and my key and room is ready with lights on and the room set at a very comfortable temperature. Very comfortable beds and quiet area!
One of the biggest surprises we have had during our travels in northern Michigan is finding this wonderful river hideaway. While we haven't been frequent Best Western customers overall, this hotel ranked well above others we have experienced. Credit for getting us there goes to Tim, the Front Desk Manager, who we spoke to by phone after reading the outstanding... More
This hotel is great and offers great pricing, too. We had a ground floor room with, of course, a view of the river. We enjoyed the ducks (and one seagull), who would visit from the lawn, quietly cluck/coo, and then leave when we didn't give them any food. Very polite ducks. The hot tub and pool are perfect. The bed... More
Very clean hotel on a very scenic river. Always a pleasant stay! The staff is friendly and the bathrooms were being updated. New toilets and bathtubs. I would recommend this hotel over any other hotels in the Cheboygan area.
Stayed several times here when visiting family. Clean, comfortable, quiet, everything in working order. Breakfast was good as well, front desk always friendly and accomadating, would recommend to anyone.
we stay at this hotel every time we visit Battle Creek. Last week we had to stay at another hotel which was not as good. It did not have the amenities that this hotel has. The service excellent and every request we have made, we have been fortunate enough to get. It is near good restaurants, shopping and downtown. We... More
Our room was very clean, much cleaner than most places we've stayed.. It was smaller than we expected for the price. There were not enough electrical outlets available to charge our phones and iPad. I had to move a piece of furniture to get a free outlet. The outlets built into the lamps seem to go dead when the lamp... More
Great location, but the rooms were a bit pricey for what you got. The view of the lake is fantastic, but the rooms were sort of lack luster and the breakfast was simple and included no breakfast meats like sausage or bacon.
The aloft at the Whitney is a good location in Detroit. The staff was very friendly and helpful at the front desk. The building is a restored classic with very contemporary updates. Terrific bathroom and shower. Our room had a terrific view of Comerica Park and Wooodward Avenue. Coffee in the lobby is complimentary and parking is either valet or... More
It's a little dated, but don't let that scare you. The people are so nice and this place is a gem. We stay here every summer on our way to a family reunion. Located near several gas stations, restaurants, and stores, it's a great central location for chilling in Ironwood. Beds are super comfy, ac is cold, and there is... More
I stayed at the Fairfiled Inn, for business, during November 2014. This being my first time in the city for business, I did my research on TripAdvisor on where to stay and discovered this hotel. When I got to the hotel, we were greeted by friendly staff and was given a room on the 2nd floor. The room was clean... More
Had a great stay with our 2 children! Great location close to the malls and restaurants and easy access to the highway! Love that it feels upscale without being stuffy. Overall, it was a great experience for our family.
Great staff, great amenities at this new hotel, very modern styles throughout! Rooms were nice, bathrooms nice and modern and functioning well. Nice bar with good selection of drinks and food. Spacious outdoor seating and very comfortable!
I stayed here for 2 nights with a friend of mine while we were attending the Grand Rapids Comic Con. I am a Red Roof Employee myself and as such get a special rate when I book with the employee travel voucher. Unfortunately when we arrived I found that I had misplaced the voucher! Luckily the manager Ami (I think... More
I booked five nights at this motel to play a golf tournament in Stanwood, MI. I chose this property b/c it is pet-friendly. The girl at check-in was beyond helpful and friendly. The room was very clean..typical Red Roof room. There is a nice business park to walk your dogs behind the motel. The wifi here is awful. I use... More
Close to the highway. Very noisey with semis passing bye all night. Beds need new mattresses. Won't be back. Had to climb stairs with luggage and cooler. No elevator. No desk help in the pm. No ice machines. Patio furniture very uncomfortable.
This place is a dump. Paid over 130 for a non-river view. The rooms are old. I know it was not cleaned very well b/c there was a Graham cracker underneath my bed. The lamp was dusty. The carpet is disgusting and filthy. The bathroom floor was slippery weird. This room should not be 130, more like 50. The front... More
I stayed at this hotel in June 2016. The first room they tried to give me had been broken into by having the screen cut and the window pushed open. The caretaker was concerned but simply retrieved the key to the adjacent room and continued my check-in. When I arrived at my new room the first thing I did was... More
This was a very nice hotel. They offered a few different sitting areas to watch tv and get comfortable. They had a nice area to eat breakfast. The pool area was bright and clean. The had a lot of information on area attractions. They had a shuttle that would take you places. The rooms were big and clean. Updated and... More
Nothing fancy, but the room was clean and service was good. Not a whole lot of extras, would have liked a coffee maker in room but it was served in lobby. We stayed 2 nights with no problem. Easy access to interstate, restraunts and the places we needed to be.
