This hotel was nice and quiet. Did not know, there was train track near by. But it was only few train passed during our stay. Best Western changed hotel classification. The Plus category are not the same as before.
We stayed in the king suite with the separation between the bedroom and the living space. The sofa bed wasn't very good I had back discomfort by the day we left on our three night stay. The room is clean, and the king bed very comfortable. This hotel is located within walking distance to most places you will want to... More
Parking was horrible, somebody ran into my rental car while staying there. I didn't get to try the breakfast, I was there for business so the restaurant opened to late for the business world to enjoy, I had to asked for coffee for my room, And the items in the vending machine were stale.
Not cheap but excellent location. Price is somewhat standard for not hacing reservations. But room was nice and clean. They offer good continental breakfast which is a plus and compensates. Front desk service and personnel where excellent. It is Carmel, no A/C in rooms but they have a fan for air circulation.
If you get the room that they advertised on the website and for what you paid, you may be lucky.If you stay many days , they will give you the not so good rooms.Nobody wants to stay in these rooms: low light/dark rooms, near pool, noisy, smelly bathrooms, or difficult access. If you stay one-two days you will get probably... More
I stayed here for three nights while I explored nearby Santa Barbara. This place is ok for a night or two, if you can live the excess noise coming from the freeway, then three nights is just about doable
Completely accommodating hotel! I booked a reservation last minute day of, used points to offset the cost and even called the front desk to ask for a little help. They were completely kind and welcoming, especially accommodating while under construction. Thank you!
MoreMore
Room was very clean and well appointed. Everything you need for an extended stay. Bed was very comfy. Front desk was extremely accommodating. I had a very late check-in due to another engagement and there was no issue. Highly recommend.
We were at the Club Pulse for just one night. Everything was perfect, staff at the front desk were very friendly and knowledgeable, everyone we ran into was professional and nice, the room was super comfy. We had a suite with a kitchenette (microwave, refrig with freezer unit, coffee maker, dishes, flatware, glasses for water and wine), 2 televisions - one in the bedroom the other in the living room. The seating was very comfortable and a table to eat. I highly recommend this property. We were in town to see the play Hamilton, we were easily able to walk to the Gas Lamp for dinner and then to the Civic Theater.Thank you for a perfect review! We are pleased to hear you enjoyed your stay and look forward to welcoming you back again sometime.
My wife and I stayed this past weekend at the Marriott Pulse. Nice hotel with great amenities. Good location in downtown San Diego. Only 4 blocks to the gaslamp district with many choices of restaurants in the area. 1 bedroom unit is a little small compared to other Vacation Club properties so would be tight if 4 are staying in one of these units.Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback and leave a review. We are pleased to hear you enjoyed your stay with us here in San Diego.
We ended our San Diego stay here, with 4 nights. Staff was very friendly and accommodating. Room was comfortable, and, surprisingly, the pull out sofa bed was the most comfortable I have slept on. The fitness center was clean, and had a good variety of equipment. The parking fee is steep, but standard for a large city. Good luck going around the spiral getting in and out of the garage. Easy access to everywhere we needed to go.
accused of smoking in my room. only young black kids in the hotel. ima 24 year old well put together chef. needed time away with my girlfriend. Managers and loss prevention kept harassing us. Sunday morning knocked on my door and walked in without my consent and literally said oh i though you were smoking in here and walked out. I was hearing noise all night which i complained about, but nobody did anything about it: yet you're worried about if im smoking when your hotel is Loud and your staff is racist and rude because all of my greetings did not seem genuine. your loss prevention is not an army and i should sue for grievance. I complained about loud banging all morning and nobody did anything or come to see if it was still happening. Instead I got your army of LP at my door accusing me of smoking once again. without even saying sorry for bothering you. I WILL NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN AND I AM A MARRIOT REWARDS MEMBER. There were stains on my bed which i let go. my towels were not clean so i requested new ones. You service was so bad , and biased my girlfriend told me not to complain about the towels or buy from your marketplace. This is going to get solved in a court matter. This was the worst experience i have had at a hotel and i travel frequently.
Stayed here September 2018 for 7 nights hotel was amazing and should be rated a 5 star plus everything was perfect fantastic rooms amazing staff first class facilities great location close to all local attractions would highly recommend.Our team appreciates your review and recommendation on TripAdvisor. We are happy you enjoyed your visit to the resort and look forward to welcoming you back again in the near future.
My wife and I stayed here with our 2 grandchildren for 5 days in April. The room amenities are very nice with very comfortable bedding and living area. The Kitchen area is small, however, with a small mini refrigerator and microwave so if you are planning to eat many meals in your room, this is not the hotel for that. We walked to Little Italy, the Gas Lamp area, PETCO Park and to the USS Midway. Very convenient to all locations. They have Valet parking and a restaurant on property although we did not use it. They also have a fitness area and a indoor pool.Steve, thank you for a perfect review! We are so happy to hear you and your family enjoyed your stay with us here in San Diego. We hope you will visit us again sometime.
This place was recently renovated and our room on the 23th floor felt like we were staying in a hi-end condo with breathtaking views of San Diego bay and the Coronado bridge. Sleek and modern decor with marble countertops stood out to me. There were two flat screen TV's, and a fully-stocked mini kitchen with fridge. Located right in the middle of downtown minutes away from the gas lamp district this place is prime location. The luxurious amenities combined with meticulous customer service especially in the downstairs restaurant makes for a memorable experience that I wouldn't hesitate to highly reccommend over and over again! Great job Marriott!Charles, thank you for a perfect review. We are so happy to hear you enjoyed your stay with us here in San Diego. We hope you will visit us again sometime.
The issues started the first night. Do Not stay in room 1501. Although the room seems like it is a bit away from the elevators the bed room is right next to the elevator shaft. This would be fine if it was just elevator noise but every time it went up and down the banged like the someone was knocking on the door loudly. All night all day whenever someone was in the elevator. I complained the first night to the front desk and actually a maintenance guy, Jared. He said that Otis elevator was actually on site fixing the elevators. They actually came to room but could not figure out where the noise was coming from. I did mention it again on Wednesday but they did not do anything. They could have at least moved me to another room. On Friday I was supposed to meet someone for dinner. I did not have his cell though. I had stepped out of the room for a bit, unfortunately right when he called at 630. He tried again at 7. The staff did not leave a message on my room phone (or my cell/email which they had). At 9 I received a call from the front desk that I received 2 calls at 630 and 7. When I asked why I am just hearing about it at 9, the woman said the note got lost and they had just found it. Oh did I say the pool was closed. Lastly, 1501 is a joined room and on Friday night, at 11 a family decided to have a fight where someone was slapped and the mother and little daughter started crying. I called the office but as far as I know no one came up or called. Just not a good stay. Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback and leave a review. We apologize for any inconvenience you experienced during your stay with us here in San Diego. Please contact our Customer Care team directly at 800-860-9384 or customer.carevacationclub.com so we may address your concerns personally.
I stayed at the Marriott Vacation Club Pulse during Memorial Day weekend from the Bay Area. Unfortunately, I had pulled my hamstring prior to my arrival and was in extreme pain after walking through 2 airports and pulling my luggage. The hotel staff took me to my room in a wheelchair and brought me ice and other items to assist with my pain. On top of that, they gave me a Get Well card signed by all the staff. The room is nice (not too big and not too small) and the furniture is well appointed. The bathroom is a really great size with the closets located inside the restroom along the wall (nice touch). Before I arrived I read the reviews where other travelers complained about a reflection on the sliding door that separates the living room from the bedroom at night. I did not experience that. I enjoyed the indoor pool/jacuzzi and the close proximity to the Donut Bar (the donuts are splendid), the House of Blues, as well as other restaurants, banks and stores. The street it is located on is more quaint than lively, but you're a stone's throw away from the action. The room service is great ( I ordered breakfast a couple of mornings) as well and the delivery team makes sure you're satisfied. They also have a discount card avail (not sure it's available to all traveler profiles) that you can use at nearby restaurants which was a plus. I really enjoyed this property which I will definitely book when I return to the San Diego area.Thank you for a perfect review! We are so happy to hear you enjoyed your stay with us here in San Diego.
This is a really modern hotel bang, smack in the centre of the great city of San Diego, California. And because it has most of anything you need at pretty high quality, it is not cheap. We stayed for two days and enjoyed both beertasting and whiskey/whiskytasting for only 5 each. The bartenders, John and Ben, did a fine job! Breakfast is not included, but it's not very expensive and you have lots of choices. We didn't try the restaurant. They served us good hashbrowns and perfect eggs which were impressively fast on our table. Good selection of teas and real freshly squeezed orangejuice. Staff looks happy, not just polite. Great room, loved the chocolate! Fine beds, fridge and microwave in the livingroom and tv both there and in the bedroom. Modern fascilities for charging phones etc. Even if you need an extra plug, it's already there. Any niggles Well, parking in cities may be difficult, but 42 per night with valet and 35 without seems to me a bit over the top, the room comes at a price so it ought to be half the price for guests. After all, just a few blocks up you could park for free on the street. But will I stay there again if in SD Yes, of course.Thank you for your review and for taking the time to let us know about your stay! We are happy you had a great visit to the resort and look forward to more vacationgreatness with your family.
Stayed here for one night and really enjoyed it. The place is very modern and is being upgraded. The staff couldn't have been any nicer. Great bar with pretty good bar food.The bar tenders were super. Place was very clean. The only problem is you're a little removed from the action but a short Uber/Lyft ride and you're there.Worth going back to next time I'm in San DIegoThank you for your review. We are so happy to hear you enjoyed your stay with us here in San Diego.
My husband has business here and I tagged along. What a fantastic hotel. The service is impeccable. When we checked in I had bruised my wrist, freak accident. My husband asked for an ice pad. They gave us 2 ice pads and was so concern. We checked into our awesome and perfect suite, not 5 minutes. We heard a knock on the door. Anthony, security management, was at the door with a note of well wishes for me plus a box of gourmet cookies. We were just blown away how fabulous his concern was for us as their guests. We can't say enough how awesome the service is for this hotel. Highly recommended. Wish I could give it a 6 stars. :)Thank you for a perfect review! We are so happy to hear you enjoyed your stay with us here in San Diego.
We got a couple of connecting suites, very confortable and with all the necesary ammenities. Stayed there for a week. Contemporary and stylish.What we liked the most was the location right in the middle of down town where there is a good array of restaurants, its close to the Glass Lamp area and to the trolley.Service was very kind at all times. The food was ok but for some reason lacking a bit in salt to our latino taste buds. But the coffee great. Restaurant open at all times which is practical.One thing that should be handled is the dirty windows from the outside. That takes away from the aesthetics.I definitely give it a thumbs up because its a good value for the money.It sounds like the perfect vacation at Marriott Vacation Club Pulse! Thanks for sharing and we look forward to more vacationgreatness with your family.
Beautiful modern king city view suite. A few quirks like 12th floor check in and directions needed to leave. Staff was very nice and helpful 40 per night off site valet parking but it was pretty quick. Walking distance to Gaslight district. Close to waterfront and airport. Overall great value Thank you for your review. We are pleased to hear you enjoyed your stay with us here in San Diego.
If you are driving then this is for you! A bit of walk to tram and facilities.It's an old style hotel with bigger rooms that's a plus, however I would definitely check out the location next time! Breakfast selection is not a great option, it certainly a reasonable feed!Dear Guest, Thank you for taking the time to complete the Guest Satisfaction Survey in regards to your recent stay at the Four Points by Sheraton San Diego - SeaWorld. As a valued guest, we see that there is room for improvement based on your feedback. We saw that you rated your Intent to Recommend a 3 however, we also noticed that there were several missed opportunities.Please accept our apology for not meeting your expectations during your stay. As we strive to deliver a flawless guest experience, we would love to discuss your areas of concerns further. Whenever you have a moment, feel free to contact me directly at the e-mail address below so that we can continue to improve our hotel operations. Sincerely,carlos corralDirector of Roomscarloscfourpointssandiegooldtown.com
First impression, I see vehicles parked tightly not only on the curved street immediately in front of this Four Points, but continuing as tight on the front end of this Four Points Hotel property up, with only a small passageway past their shuttle, to the hotel entrance. Never have I seen vehicles parked at this concentration at the front of any hotel before! Upon entering the Hotel, I see a very new hotel look and like what I see. I wait but a few minutes and then am assigned a room. Room 127, first floor. I checked in at about 9:30 PM Saturday night and that was what was available, but requested an upper floor room, if available, the following night. Duly noted.First room impression. Beautiful room so far. How do the lights work Not the usual toggle switch. No hint from the front desk about simple light operations, at all. Onward into the dark room until I get the lights on. No master switch. Every light has its own switch. Bathroom has three. Awesome bathroom with glass doors.First night room impression. HVAC works well. Not too loud. People walking down, and talking loudly, the hallway can be heard clearly ! People running or walking upstairs sound loudly. Slamming doors on every room are very loud inside my room. Screaming or running children are not silent! The sound of dripping water from from an upper level HVAC unit sound like tapping on my window tap most of the night long. Second night impression. Moved upstairs to Room 226. No more frequent travelers headed for upper levels. Same drip drip drip sound from an upper level HVAC unit dripping on my window frame, or HVAC frame. Only on screaming child in the hall about 7:30AM.The desk personnel were very simple and personal. They helped me move a room request. Parking impression. Ugly. Animal like. You gotta be kidding me. This is a Sheraton Hotel! Owners, take a look. This is not a dog race arena parking lot!Sheraton alert! Sheraton alert! Sheraton alert!Good day Gregory N,Thank you for this very detailed feedback and for choosing our hotel. We are happy to hear you were pleased with the appearance of our newly renovated property. In an effort to ensure our operations are environmentally friendly, we have equipped all our guest rooms with motion activated lighting that can also easily be adjusted manually. We are very sorry our team was not proactive in its explanation of the guest room light functionality and operation. We are also sorry to hear of the challenges you encountered with the noise level during your stay. We have shared this valuable feedback with our team and taken the necessary steps to rectify your concerns. We wish you the best and hope to see you again very soon.Thank you,JGFront Office Manager
The area was just off a busy freeway in what we described as the stripper neighborhood. I needed early checkin which I arranged months ago. Didn't get it. When we were able to check in noticed wet section if carpet. Thought maybe they cleaned something up. Next morning 1/4 room saturated. Went to front desk. They said probably Ac problem. They said no problem to fix. We left. 6 hours later returned problem not fixed and water is traveling. Went to front desk. They said something like this can't be fixed in a day. What did you expect Odd, I expected it fixed. Can you at least suck up the water No, we can't. Hmmmmm. You will get a new room. I said no, fix it. Our time is limited and on way out soon. They said they'd send someone to look at it. Twenty minutes in the bar (nice bar and staff) went up to room. Maintenance had it fixed in 5 minutes. They placed towels on floor where they stayed until we left. Thank you for your feedback. I apologize that we were unable to fix your air conditioning issue immediately. Through our several interactions with you early in the day, you were offered a room move several times until we could get the resources to fix the leak in your air conditioning. I am sorry that the staff that you spoke with were not more empathetic, but they did offer you alternate accommodations. We try to honor early check in requests, but that is dependent on the departure patterns and how quickly we can clean the rooms for the new arrivals. I hope that this does not prohibit you from joining us again.
This Sheraton hotel is very good. The rooms are very big and very clean. Air conditioner works excellent and it's a strong point. The service and people are the perfect. Parking lot avaiable and free. My suggestion is for breakfest, could bring more option of fruits. Just it, but it's very good.Hello,Thank you for taking the time to review the Four Points Sea World. we are happy to hear you really enjoyed the hotel. We hope to see you back in the near future.Sincerely,LBGeneral Manager
We really enjoyed our stay at the Four Points. The hotel is well furnished, clean, and comfortable. The bathroom is generously sized and updated.I enjoyed the stair access in the lobby so that I didn't have to take the elevator constantly. Our door did not close all the way - we just had to make sure we pulled it completely closed.My only criticism was the toiletries in the shower and the shower handle are poorly placed. I hit my elbow a few times and the toiletries caddy makes it hard to wash your hair under the shower.Hello,Well first of all I want to Thank you for staying with us at Four Points Sea World. We appreciate you taking the time to write a review, not to mention the very nice comments. Your feedback about the amenity caddy is much appreciated, I will have that looked into. We hope to see you back some time soon.Thank you,LBGeneral Manager
I used this hotel for an event we were having and Heather Gordon was amazing! She helped me coordinate 30 rooms and make sure that everybody had what they needed. The location was perfect since it was close enough to Gaslamp and Petco Park. Everyone enjoyed their stay and I enjoyed how easy it was to coordinate accommodations for 30 people. Thank you Heather and Sheraton!Hello,Thank you for the nice compliments, especialy about Heather. We think she's great as well. We appreciate you choosing the Four Points Sea World and for taking the time to write a review for us.Thank you once again.LBGeneral Manager
I stayed here for one night with my wife and two little kids. We were given a corner room with two queen beds which provided more than enough space for us. We were able to fit the toddler bed into the bathroom like we usually do. I chose this place in spite of the 15 parking fee, no free breakfast, and close proximity to a strip club (as mentioned in prior reviews). The room was clean and spacious. The highlight for me was the amazing bed and pillows. I stay at many different hotels and if this is the standard for Four Points I am very impressed. We also ate at the Denny's right across the street and went to Sea World the next morning refreshed and ready.
This comfortable , well appointed hotel turned out to be a very good choice for my short stay in San Diego. Staff were very friendly and helpful. The breakfast buffet and early evening 'Happy Hours' were unexpected surprises. Casual dining at the bar or at the tables near the pool was ideal. The free wifi was appreciated but I was a little disappointed that the courtesy shuttle to and from the airport has been discontinued. The hotel is only a 15 min walk from the delights of the San Diego Old Town. The Transit Centre offers a choice of bus or Trolley downtown, or a no 30 bus for the 30 minute ride to La Jolla. A day pass covering both buses and trolleys is great value. With the distances between attractions in San Diego cab rides can be expensive.Good day Ronald S,We are so happy to hear you felt welcome in our home and we would like to thank you so very much for sharing your experience. It is so nice to know you found our team to be very friendly and helpful. We have shared this wonderful feedback with all our team members to ensure proper acknowledgement and commendation. We would also like to thank you for sharing all these great San Diego travel tips with our team and the Tripadvisor community. Please come see us again very soon should your travels bring you back to the San Diego area.Thank youJonathan GerberFront Office ManagerFour Points by Sheraton San Diego Sea World
The hotel staff was friendly and engaging. The property appeared recently renovated and well kept up. You need to be prepared for the surrounding neighborhood. it's 100 feet from some of the sketchiest places you ever want to see. Not one but two strip clubs, a couple of adult bookstores and of course, the obligatory massage parlor beneath the bails bondsman. None of this is the hotels fault and I would certainly rate them higher if the neighborhood was a little nicer.Good day Carver123,Thank you for sharing your experience with our team. We are glad you found our team to be friendly and engaging. We are sorry to hear of your challenges with the surrounding area. While there is little our team can do to improve the surrounding area, we are certainly empathetic to your concerns and appreciate your feedback. We hope to see you again very soon. Thank youJGFront Office Manager
Having recently spent 45 days at this Hotel, and having been there for an extended stay prior to this trip, I feel uniquely qualified to write this review. First, I found the Staff to be extremely friendly, helpful and professional, always quick to respond to my requests and needs. Being a single, older woman, I was delighted to feel safe and secure during my stay. The room was clean and the appearance pleasing, the bed was very comfortable, and breakfast in the mornings was always good. In the late afternoon, it was fun having 'Happy Hour' with great prices on wine and a light food selection. I appreciated that there are washers and dryers located on each floor. The Hotel is near all of San Diego's most sought after sites, shopping, Old Town and it's a breeze to jump on freeways to go anyplace. I will most certainly be staying at the Four Points again.Hello,Thank you first of all for staying with us. The staff really enjoyed having you here and they were sad to see you go. I am so happy to hear you were so well cared for. I will definitely pass on the nice compliments to the staff.Thank you once again.LBGeneral Manager
I had a friend in town, so was looking for a San Diego hotel, but everything downtown/Gaslamp etc was over 300, so we decided to give this a try at 199 .. It was OK .. the room was clean, the bed was comfortable, but the walls are thin, and sounded like a herd of elephants in the room above us, early in the morning. I would suggest a higher-floor room, we were on the first floor. But, I can't say anything about the elevator situation. Don't see us needing to stay in SD again anytime soon, and there is really nothing about this property that beckons me back. Exiting the hotel parking area is hazardous, there are cars flying off the freeway, so you have to time your exit carefully!Hello,Thank you for staying with us and for taking the time to review the hotel. Happy to hear you enjoyed the room. Sorry for th issue with the noise.Sincerely,LBGeneral Manager
Well checked in was given room 183 couldnt stand the odor for more then 5 seconds.went to desk got a different room 153 was much better but still odor of mildew and mold.was given free breakfast which was ok.i wouldn't recommend to anyone unless i wanted to know what they thought of the place.Thank you for staying with us. We see that you have given us a rating of 1/5. With a mission to provide superior customer service, we take great pride in serving your needs and are sorry to hear that we have not met your expectations. As a valued guest, your feedback will be shared with the team to continue to inspire and motivate them to deliver exceptional customer service. We sincerely appreciate your feedback.
The A/C unit under the window blows air directly on the bed. I like it cold when I sleep but in order to have the A/C on when I sleep it blows a wind chill on me in bed. I had to move yhe room chair in front of the A/C to block the air flow.
We really enjoyed our stay at the Hampton Inn Mission Valley. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and the beds were comfortable. We especially enjoyed the wonderful complimentary breakfast every morning. There is also a pool, hot tub and fire pit. We will definitely stay here again!
This is a pretty new property that is conveniently located to Seaworld, downtown, and La Jolla. Staff was mostly polite, especially the breakfast staff. The room was clean. I liked the shower enclosure in the bathroom and the electronics charging station on the nightstand. The mattress was a bit firm for my taste. The only thing missing is a microwave in the room. Parking is 16/day, which is questionable. Breakfast was adequate--continental-type items, plus waffles, oatmeal, breakfast potatoes, eggs.Good Afternoon pe556ai,Thank you for your five star review, we are glad you had an excellent stay! We were thrilled to read that you enjoyed our central location, amenities, and your interactions with our team. Thank you for noting your preference for a microwave in the room. We understand the convenience this provides and do have some available for a nominal fee per night. On your next stay with us, we would be happy to note that preference to ensure your complete comfort. Thank you again for staying with us it was a privilege to have you as our guest.Warm Regards,Nathan S.Operations Manager
The hotel is ok but considering you pay 19 a day for parking it should be better. There aren't many normal parking spots. You frequently end up in a parking structure in the back and walking stairs to reach your car. Breakfast is as expected at any similar property. Very busy on the weekend. And no matter how busy it is at 10am the doors will be locked. We were done but several people missed out. Rooms were clean and comfortable. Housekeeping pounded on our door and brought us towels at night we didn't ask for and when we told the front desk they acted like it was our fault for not refusing the towels.
I have to say that I was very pleased with my stay at this hotel. The customer service was excellent, the staff friendly and attended to my needs with a prompt response. Breakfast was also very good, rooms clean and overall appearance of the facility was impressive to say the least. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone going to San Diego. Thank you for the recommendation! We recently opened the hotel in July with the latest Hampton Inn design. We're pleased that our Team was able to accommodate your needs during your stay. We hope that we'll be your first choice should you return to the San Diego/Hotel Circle area.
We enjoy a lot our stay, I went whit my family and it was perfect. We ate a delicious breakfast ande the bed, the bathroom, the quiet was awesome. My family and I love Hampton Inn and in this opportunity it was the best.
The hotel is clean and the staff was excellent. There is no shuttle service but you can Uber for pretty cheap. The airport is only about 10 minutes away. The 18 a night for parking is absolutely ridiculous!! The hotel is close to most of the San Diego attractions including old town San Diego.
Very good hotel with easy access. Parking can be tight for 14/night when coming back late at night but there is room in the back. Surprised at the quality of the breakfast - get there early - and the pool area. Staff was very good.Good morning! Thank you for the valuable feedback. We're thrilled to see that you enjoyed our convenient, central location in San Diego our complimentary deluxe continental breakfast buffet. We hope to see you again soon!
Stayed here for a week (Sat. to Sat.) while visiting San Diego. The hotel was clean and free breakfast was great. The hotel seemed to be newer as evident by the modern decor.For those traveling with small children, our room only had a shower. Our 2 yr. old has only taken baths so he had to quickly get used to a shower, which did not end up being too bad for us. Location is excellent as you are 10 minutes from Sea World, Zoo, Balboa Park, USS Midway and much more. Parking is usually 16 a night but when we checked in they gave it to us for 10 a night! We rented a Hyundai Elantra and anything bigger would have been a pain to park as spaces seem very tight. This was not only at the hotel, but pretty much anywhere we parked in San Diego.
Likely the fanciest Hampton I have ever stayed in. Very large property, very modern and clean with a huge common area off the lobby. I think this Hampton may have the most awesome breakfast buffet in terms of size I have ever seen, and I have stayed at a LOT of Hamptons. Triple waffle iron area with 4 times the variety of toppings... say wahIn all seriousness, the rooms were very nice, clean and comfortable. The entire property was. The front desk staff was super friendly and welcoming. It felt like an upscale Hampton here.Now, they lost one star for two reasons - parking, they charge. To me it is insane to charge a customer for parking unless you are MAYBE downtown where I get parking is a commodity. This is Hotel Circle for crying out loud and they charge 18 bucks a day which is ridiculous. I have status with Hilton so they did lower my parking to 10 per day but it was still annoying and felt like they were simply trying to generate more revenue... particularly due to there was PLENTY of parking. The other reason was the housekeeping. We were there four nights and I had to call for housekeeping to come clean up my room. My husband had spilled a little something on the sheets and I was very surprised that they did not flip out the bottom sheet. Nope, left the stain there which was kind of gross. When they finally did clean, it was a half-hearted job, no toiletry or coffee refills, half the towels, etc. The front desk always came through for me though so it was not that big of a deal in the bigger scheme of things.
The location of the hotel was central to all of the surrounding attractions. We definitely loved the beautiful weather. The staff was very nice and were willing to help or assist when needed. I will definitely be back.
This hotel is in a great location and the rooms are quite nice. The large was extremely comfortable, but there were a few issues I experienced: - The hallways smelled of dirty wet dog. - There were outlets for charging on only one side of the King bed. - I expected liquid soap in the bathroom and shower as I've had at the last two Hamptons I've stayed at. - There is a hotel being demolished on one side of the hotel, so the construction noises started fairly early. - The breakfast buffet was extremely sub-par. The paper plates and plastic utensils were just tacky and I expected more from a Hampton. The food options were lacking, the fruit was not fresh, the eggs had an odd flavor, there were no breakfast meats at all, and the self-serve coffee was empty and when I politely alerted a staff member, I was basically ignored.Dear Will L,Thank you very much for taking the time to review your stay with us. At the Hampton Inn San Diego Mission Valley, we want our guests to have the best stay possible, one where everything exceeds their expectations. I want to personally apologize that this was not the case for your stay with us. We are humbled by your feedback, but thank you for providing us with the opportunity grow and improve as a hotel and team. If you would be so kind, I would graciously appreciate the opportunity to discuss your stay in greater detail as well as personally apologize I can be reached at 619-295-7600.Thank you for staying with us and for your valuable feedback. I hope to hear from you soon.Warm Regards,Nathan S.Operations Manager
- Great Hotel and Staff - Perfect location - Right off the Freeway, close to all restaurants, 7 mins away from OLD town, 10 minutes from downtown, 15 from the beach. - Free Breakfast is a must - Very Friendly staff on the floor and kitchen.Dear Gaganjot S,Thank you for your five star review. We appreciate you recognizing our great team and making note of our prime location. Thank you again for your feedback and we look forward to welcoming you back in the future!Warm Regards,Nathan S.Operations Manager
Location is easy to get to and even though the room is small it met our needs.Staff is very friendly and helpful in assisting any requests we had.Room was in need of a carpet vacuum - which was not done during the 3 days we were there.Good afternoon! Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel. We appreciate your comments and will use your feedback to make improvements to the services we provide. We truly enjoyed hosting you in our Boardroom and look forward to welcoming you back the next time you're in San Diego!
Best hotel ever. Right by mission bay beach. Rooms are beautiful extremely clean. Parking could be larger but manageable. Definitely a 4 star hotel n Hampton is always a pleaser to stay at while on vacation.
super friendly staff, average breakfast, free wifi, 16.00 per night parking, good AC in room, good bedding, average cleanliness, lots of kids, family hotel no good restaurants close by...easy freeway access better than most hotels on the circle
Excellent service.. Very welcoming staff. Always smiling and willing to assist in any way. I traveled without my husband and took my three sons and a friend of there's and we all survived the stay without any casualties Dear anacU7065VB,Thank you for your 5-star review! I am thrilled to read that our team delivered an exceptional experience and can't wait to share your kind words with them. Thank you for staying with us and we look forward to welcoming you back in the future!Warm Regards,Nathan S.Operations Manager
Stayed at this Hampton with my family for College Tour at UCSD and SDSU. It's a great location, very centrally located to the colleges, downtown, restaurants and beaches. It located on what's called Hotel Circle. I will definitely stay there again next time in SD. Room was very clean and everything works as it should. Free WiFi could be faster speed but that's minor.
I was traveling to see my son graduate from Marine boot camp and I couldnt be more pleased with the friendly and helpful service I received from ALL the staff. The staff were knowledgeable and helpful with activity tips, dining, shopping etc.
This hotel is wonderful: friendly, helpful staff, very clean, nice decor with a good feel. Parking lot is easy in and out with plenty of parking close to the doors. The breakfast is as good as they always are at Hampton Inn's. There's something for everyone. I can't imagine anyone not enjoying the breakfast with as many choices as there are. I always appreciate the 24 hour coffee/tea station and little convenience store with everything you might need without having to leave the hotel. Rooms are super clean, quiet, and comfy!
We will use this hotel again. Great location. Right off freeway. All places we wanted to go were within 5 miles. Comfy bed. I thought pillows too flat (soft), but still slept well. While we were there it was pretty quiet. Our room faced a hotel that is being dismantled. My husband was awakened once by noise that was from there, but it was only for a few minutes. I wasn't disturbed by it. I would suggest asking for a room that did not face that way, especially if you are a light sleeper. The hotel and our room quite clean. From the reviews I read, I think the hotel is less than 2 years old. They have free wifi. Parking is 16 a day/night. There was plenty of parking. We stayed 8/23-8/26 (Sun-Thurs). During busier weekends or holidays not sure of parking situation or how quiet it would be. The breakfast is fantastic and staff kept all items stocked to 10am when the doors were closed. Many choices. Examples: Scrabbles eggs, sausage links, sausage patties, ham, gravy, biscuits, omelets, home style brkfst potatoes/hash brown dish, oatmeal, hard boiled eggs, variety of fruit, muffins, bagels and breads (toast it yourself), make your own waffles, 4-5 different dry cereals, variety of yogurt cups, variety of coffee, tea, oj, apple juice, milk. Variety of jellies, cream cheese, creamers, sweeteners, peanut butter, honey, syrup, butter, margarine, etc. Every day we were there all the hot items were different. The hot egg, meat, potato dishes listed above were not all one day. There were four different items daily of the eggs, meat, and potato dishes. I figured at least 10-15 per person savings if we had to buy breakfast somewhere. All hotel staff very friendly and helpful. I highly recommend the Old Town Trolley Tour. Check out all details on line. According to information, the trolley picks up at the hotel. We did not get that early of a start to be picked up at the hotel. Not sure when or where return would be for the trolley. For the times and things we did, it worked out better for us to park at Midway and get on trolley at that location.Dear Pam O,Thank you for your 5-star review. We were thrilled to read that you enjoyed our central location and the great attractions that surround us. Additionally, we graciously appreciate you recognizing our friendly and helpful team. As for your description of your breakfast experience, the only word that comes to mind is wow. Thank you for painting such an amazing picture, our breakfast team was ecstatic. I cannot begin to describe the smiles you brought to their faces when they read your review thank you very much for making their day that much better!Last, but certainly not least, thank you for leaving a traveler tip. While we work to create world class experiences every day for our loyal guests, nobody lives the experience quite like you, our guests. Thank you for helping us make our future guests stays exceptional!Warm Regards,Nathan S.Operations Manager
We had a great experience here. For the money, you can't beat Hampton Inn Mission Valley. The staff is very friendly and helpful, the complimentary breakfast is the best I've had (and I stay at many hotels), and the rooms are clean and modern. The temperature is easy to control, and there were extra blankets in the closet. We got daily housekeeping service and they did a great job. There is a pool and hot tub, as well as a fire pit. The pool is smaller than it appears in the picture, but it was never overly crowded and my sons had a blast playing in it every night. The town is a short Uber ride away. There are two washers and dryers for guest use, but sometimes there is a wait. I would definitely stay again.
The most important thing to us is the cleanliness of the hotel, and especially the room. We did not worry about anything as it was fresh and clean every day. The staff was all friendly at all times of the day. We arrived earlier than our check in time but our room was ready so that was good too.Thank you Dolores for taking the time to review our hotel. Our housekeeping staff takes pride in the cleanliness of each room. We are delighted to see that we've exceeded your expectations that our staff had an opportunity to make a great connection with you! We hope that we'll be your first choice the next time you visit San Diego!!!
Besides Henry, the front desk employees and maid service was above and beyond expectation. We would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to this part of the U.S. The driving around the area was a bit difficult, however, the front desk took great care of giving excellent directions.Thank you for recognizing our staff's Hamptonality. We're thrilled to share your comments with them and give Henry a spot on for his exceptional service. We hope welcome you back soon!
We chose this particular hotel because we had stayed in it last October '14. This time we brought our entire family to have a week long family celebration of our 50th wedding anniversary. The staff, for the most part, is different. But, even better than last time which was right after the grand opening. I'm telling you. You won't be disappointed. They really are a first class operation, kind, and considerate, especially to us older folks that need special handling.
Nice hotel. Easy check in and clean room. Slight deltas: hotel phone handset was sticky (would have never had touched it but the front desk left a welcome message). Shower water pressure was low. The desk chair was uncomfortable, seat pad was very thin. Sometimes road noise was notable. These minor issues were easily overcome/overlooked.
Was greeted with a courteous staff. The room was clean and quiet. Breakfast was good, although a bit crowded at times. My only issue is the parking fee of 19... way too much! Similar properties less than a mile away did not have a parking fee.
Nice place, but.........21 to park!Wifi would drop out, every 5 minutes. Frustrating.Shower pressure sucked. Really bad.Pillows were pretty flat.Lots of freeway noise.Breakfast on Saturday morning was a zoo. Overcrowded, dirty tables, no one cleaning them, out of juice, out of eggs, pretty much out of everything. Get there early. We went down at 0930.Probably would choose someplace else when returning.
Very Hilton-y. I know what to expect. Good service. Updated rooms. Good amenities. When you travel a lot... consistency is fantastic and unpleasant surprises can be draining. Gold+ members get a great breakfast included. Super convenient to shopping, business and restaurants.
The Hampton Inn (Mission Valley) in San Diego was a great choice for our family weekend getaway. It was close to the freeway as well as the San Diego Zoo, parks, and other attractions. The rooms were clean and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was good - not great, but acceptable.
HI. everything was very nice. free wifi and free breakfast. the parking was not free though. the pool was warm and hot tub. there was not really any view but there was a good restaurant in the area named hunter steak house.Thank you for writing a review of our hotel. We glad to see that you've enjoyed the many amenities we have to offer including complimentary wifi, breakfast buffet, pool/spa/fire-pit. We hope that we'll be your first choice the next time you return to the San Diego area!
Hotel is in a great location for 5he purpose o my trip. Staff was very accommodating. Check in and check ou5 wa extremely easy. Internet work well, food was good, room was clean and quiet. Will stay here again if Im in San Diego
I stayed in this hotel with a group of 50 high school students. The staff was friendly, organized, and made the check-in process super easy, considering the size of my group. The were accommodating to all of our needs, even setting up a section of bus parking for us. The staff was also respectful to my students, which is not always the case. Many times hotels only address the adults, but Robbie took it upon himself to make sure they were comfortable.
If you like King rooms, be prepared not to have a bath. None of their King rooms have baths, only showers. I could not properly wash my hair with a tiny showerhead. Many King rooms have communicating doors to the next room, which are good noise-carriers. With regard to noise: the rooms at the freeway end of the hotel are very noisy, much more so than other hotels we've stayed in on Hotel Circle South. We were living out of our suitcases because of the ridiculous size of the drawers in the room (basically the size of nightstand drawers - see picture). The pool is the size of a large hot-tub. Breakfast had many items but lacked quality: the only good things we found were yoghurt and fresh fruit, cooked food was poor.Hotel staff were helpful and did their best to resolve our issues in a not-so-great hotel. Next San Diego visit: back to the Doubletree.
Everything about this newer hotel was pretty nice. Two big detriments: 14 to park, which is ridiculous for a Hampton Inn. Really!! And the bathroom doors have automatic closers, which is terribly annoying, especially when you have little children with you. When I commented to the front desk clerk on checkout what a hassle this was, she said, Yeah. I know. It's a problem we're trying to work on, but with 182 rooms, it takes a lot to do all of them. I said, Well, you should at least provide a doorstop in the room. Her reply was, Oh, you could have asked for one. We have them here. Well, why on earth isn't there a notice to that effect in the room We could have avoided a lot of misery. Anyway, the staff was very nice. The breakfast was very good. We didn't have an opportunity to use the outdoor/pool area, but it looked very inviting with a nice lounge/conversation area. We'd probably stay here again, but we'd definitely ask for a doorstop if they haven't fixed the doors yet. (And we might try to strike a deal with the restaurant next door to park for less.)Dear Traveler, Thank you for reviewing our hotel. The comments are insightful and helpful for the hotel teams goals to improve the service and guest experience. Please accept our teams sincere apology for the failures in service that resulted in any inconvenience and lack of comfort. We are grateful for the choice you made to be a guest of the hotel. As you know, we are currently working towards a solution that meets both safety standards and guest comfort for the bathroom doors. We will continue striving to provide a hospitality level that exceeds other available lodging choices and hope that you'll give us another opportunity should you return to the San Diego area.
Wonderful staff! Everyone was so nice, as well as helpful. Great location too! I have stayed at this hotel several times, and it's always been a great experience. It was fun to see the hotel decorated for the holidays. Thank you! Dear Guest. I appreciate your positive feedback about our hotel. We do take pride in catering to our guests' needs the best way we can. If you're traveling to our area again soon, don't hesitate to call us.All the best,Jordan MauckFront Office Manager
This hotel is located in old town very close to airport. But San Diego airport and center of the city are very close to each other, so its very convenient. I could stay here with calm condition after my business and go to conversation center within 15 minutes by Uber. Im also very satisfied with courteous staffs.
Great value, nice location. Easy access from San Diego airport, short drive to downtown and convention center area at a more reasonable price. Also enjoyed proximity to old town for restaurants and bars. Great area to stay and a clean, quiet, comfortable hotel.
When we arrived, the exterior of the hotel was very colorful and set the tone for a relaxing stay. Christian and Lyle at the front desk were very welcoming. They offfered suggestions on where to eat and handed out some free appetizer coupons to local restaurants. This location has a Starbucks's that served breakfast. Breakfast was not free unless you have a voucher from the front desk. Christian was very nice and gave us vouchers for one morning of our stay. The pool is heated and felt great. The hot tub was also a welcome relief to sore muscles from all the walking we did on Old Town. One of the great features of this hotel is that it is walking distance to Old Town and restaurants. It is also centrally located to the freeway and MCRD and not far from the airport. It does have a shuttle on Thursday and Friday to MCRD. and LIMITED airport shuttle service. The only drawbacks were you had to pay for nightly parking and the computers were very slow and the printer was not working. The rooms were clean and updated.
We stayed from Wednesday to Friday in December 2017. Reservation was made on line. I also had a Friends Family Discount Voucher. Front Desk Rep would not accept it. Stated that the reservation was not made that way Explain Pls Just repeated what was said earlier. The reservations was made correctly with the Corporate Code. All I had to do was present Voucher upon check in Spoke to the Operations Director the next day. She couldn't do it either. And stated you got a good rate anyway I would have gotten a lower rate if they honored it and would have proven that the Corporate programs works. Oh well...Next issue parking fee of 20/night. Other Marriot Hotels waive the fee if you are a Calif. AAA member. Brought it up and was told: we don't do that here Ok, I can accept that. However, parking on property is underground and VERY LIMITED. If you drive in and no spaces, you need to back up all the way out. Had to park on the street both nights (which would have been FREE). Other than that, the room was clean and spacious enough. Closet space was small but adequate for the length of stay. I like the pull out desk/table. The shower soap was smallL. Could not get a good grasp on it. It was not larger than 2 flash drives end-to-end and just a little bit wider. That's it. I kept dropping it. The Bistro/Starbucks in the lobby was not open at 6 AM as posted so no eats if you need to hit the road early...
The Courtyard San Diego Old Town is my new favorite hotel! The location is perfect - within easy walking distance (a few blocks) of the amazing restaurants and shops in Old Town. The front desk staff are very hospitable and eager to assist. The property is beautiful and the decor is true to the area. I enjoyed my stay here tremendously!Jjhoster Thank you so much for taking the time to let us now how your stay was. Glad we were able to wow you and allow us to become your new home away from home. Can't wait to have you back, thanks again!!
Only staying overnight for easy airport access for early morning flight. My business reason is always TJ and this Marriott works for my departures and keeps my rewards points coming. I plan to keep using unless a problem starts happening that cannot be fixed by Marriott management.Greetings Lairdc266,Thank you so much for the review regarding your visit. I am glad to hear that our location is so convenient for your travels to Tijuana. We look forward to seeing you next time!All the best,Jordan MauckFront Office Manager
Our reservations were made the day before we traveled. Arrived around 9:00 at night, staff very friendly and ready to help. Room was clean and ready. There was no iron in the room, staff immediately brought one to the room. Room was cleaned daily, nothing went missing. Hotel is right next to the freeway. The room was quiet and traffic noise wasn't a problem.
Average place , over priced and they charge you to park your car onsite.Stayed in far nicer motels for less .Small rooms. Dirty windows .I would expect more from a larger chain like this. Beds were average , bathrooms small but ok.Dear mrshibariplay,We recognize your time is valuable and appreciate the feedback you have provided us regarding your most recent stay.. Maintaining a fresh atmosphere within our guest rooms and common areas is always a key priority. On behalf of the entire team at Courtyard San Diego Old Town, I sincerely apologize for falling short of not only meeting your expectations, but ours as well. Rest assured, the feedback provided will be shared with the appropriate hotel team to ensure we consistently deliver upon guest expectations. As a valued customer thank you for choosing us to accommodate you during your travels. We hope to see you again whenever your travels bring you back to San Diego!
Overall very nice property with friendly staff and good parking options. Walking distance to Old Town San Diego that has an abundance of restaurant choices, stores, and sites. The hotel is also very close to the airport (less than 5 minutes) and a short drive to numerous nearby attractions.Greetings Cypressman,I appreciate your positive feedback about our hotel. We do take pride in catering to our guests' needs the best way we can. If you're traveling to our area again soon, don't hesitate to call us.All the Best!Jordan MauckFront Office Manager
Very convenient to the airport. Clean rooms. Friendly staff but a bit off on their directions to restaurants in Old Towne. Pizza flyer under the door so someone wondering the halls was not a great feeling. Could use a bit of updating. Had a glass of wine in the lobby area and the service was friendly and entertaining.
The hotel is really nice the restaurants have a great food and the staff is excellent. The location makes it easy to get to anywhere been in downtown San Diego and the area is located with several nice restaurants to choose from . The staff...More
Stayed here for 4 nights in Nov and absolutely loved it! Great rooms, great staff, great location (right in Gas Lamp area), great bar and restaurant. Will definitely stay here again when I'm back in San Diego (soon, hopefully). A lovely place to come back...MoreDear Dean L, Thank you very much for your complimentary review after your recent stay at the Omni San Diego Hotel. We were delighted to learn you enjoyed your visit and would consider returning in the future. I agree that our team of service professionals...More
I guess they don't care about the little critters that creep around the room. We informed the front desk and all they said was, hum. We usually have the rooms sprayed! Found two centipedes and spiders crawling around.
I enjoyed my stay here. This hotel is exactly what you would expect based on the price. The Good great location that is within 10 minutes to all (zoo, seaworld, petco, jolla, beaches), nice pool and hot tub area, ample parking spots (just not after 12 as expected), and reasonable price. The Bad not the most plush bed but exactly what I expected. If you're looking for location + price, this is the place for you
The hotel is nice, the location is good, and the staff has been nice BUT it is infested with little cockroaches and they are every where! It is disgusting! I would recommend spending a little more money for a hotel that won't have you sleeping and going home with nasty bugs! Thank for your recent review. We are happy to you thought the hotel and hotel staff were nice. We appreciate that you have brought this area of concern to our attention. Rest assured, each guestroom is routinely deep cleaned and treated with commercial grade steamers as a preventative measure. Our professional pest control team has in place preventative measures and has onsite visits regularly. Again, thank you for taking the time.
Awesome hotel in the circle perfect located 10 min from the Zoo 10 min from Seaworld and 5 min walk from the mall ! Great room awesome pool, gym and breakfast ! Will stay here again ! Great service aswell ! Free Parking, clean rooms and close To mini mart !!! Free wifi
The hotel is located next to a very noisy highway. The bathroom was very dirty and the room cooling/heating unit was very noisy. I was not made aware that there was a breakfast included so I could at least enjoy something from this hotel. I checked out after the first night of a 2 night stay and went to the Hilton Bayfront for almost the same money and a MUCH BETTER experience.Dear Bernard B,Thank you for taking the time to write a review and we appreciate your feedback. We are sorry you had some noise issues and concerns with your room and if you had let the front desk know, we would have done our best to move you to a more quiet room and address your concerns. Our on-site restaurant, Seven Seas Caf serves breakfast, lunch and dinner.Sincerely,Best Western Seven Seas Management Staff
the restaurant was overpriced and not very good. The wall of mirrors in the rooms is awkward when you are sharing a room with your mother, although I think it would have been weird if it had been my husband and I too. The bottles of water in the room for 2.50 a bottle seemed a bit much since the next best western offered a complimentary bottle of water for their guests. With the price I paid for the room, for them to charge for water we thought it was ridiculous. Plus I stayed at a lot of hotels on this trip and this was the first one to charge a 75 dollar hold for the room in case we caused damages. We drove to san diego from Portland Or, because we couldnt afford to fly we had a credit card with just enough money on it for the room, which we had to get because my brother was graduating from Boot camp, and we had to scramble to find a card to put the money on which took out of our gas money. The king sized bed was actually a queen and the queen beds were double beds. There was hair in my bed the first night and part of a sticky note the second night. The shuttle driver the first night was kind of a jerk he made everyone get on the first shuttle so he didnt have to make a second trip so people were standing and crouching in the aisle and then he told everyone if they can drive they should so they dont have to be on the shuttle. Maui was a great driver but we did not like this other guy. I also had to get my key reactivated 3 times because it stopped working. I will be letting the Marine admins that recommend this hotel to visiting families about this stay.
We arrived at this hotel a little early for check in so we went to get some essentials from the supermarket. We arrived back at the hotel for the 4 pm check in to be told it would be another 30 minutes before they had a room for us. When you state that's it's a 4 pm check in you have the rooms ready for 4 pm not 4.15 or 4.30. This shows me how much they regard their customers/guests.The room was clean and tidy but we had booked a deluxe room and we were not happy to see an adjoining door to the next room as we have experienced these before when we hear everything from the next room and I expect they hear everything from our room. If they want to cut energy costs then move the table away from the front of the a/c unit and let it work properly and don't mess about turning fridges off as they will run for longer to get cold again. Found the noise to be rather overbearing at times with guests stomping along the walkways and slamming doors at all hours if the night. Housekeeping seems to be scarce on the ground at this hotel at times. If we are in San Diego again I doubt we will pick this hotel again. It seems that Best Western has a special training course for front desk staff in how to be rude and unhelpful and to treat the guest as an problem rather than the reason for them having a job as this is the second Best Western we have encountered this poor service from front desk staff. All in I would not and could not recommend this hotel to anyone.
We stayed overnight in San Diego on our roadtrip. The Best Western is nice, cleen, there was a huge room with two queen size beds. There was free wifi and a refrigerator. We had a quite room on the ground floor.
I took my almost 13 year old niece to San Diego. We stayed 5 nights at this hotel for a total bill of 307 which is really cheap for San Diego. That price got us a room with 2 queen beds right by the pool (room 103). Room was small as others said but not as small as I thought it would be. There was one night stand between the beds but we could walk around the other sides. The room also had a desk with chair, a dresser, and an upholstered chair. I thought the beds could be more comfortable. There is a plug issue with two outlets where refrig, blow dryer and coffee maker plug in. It wasn't too much of an issue because we just unplugged the refrig when we briefly needed the other appliances. Mirrors didn't bother us and they do make the room feel larger. Room was very clean, bedding was clean and of fairly good guality. Probably the biggest negative was thin walls and doors that you could not close quietly. So we heard noise above us and we were bolted awake one morning by a neighbor 's slamming door at 6:30am. Plenty of free parking. beautiful grounds, sparkling clean pool, nice jacuzzi and great location. Hotel shuttle driver was very nice and reception crew was always helpful. I also appreciated the free computer in the lobby to print our boarding passes. I would stay at this hotel on another trip to San Diego.
Due to LOSSAN performing track maintenance, I wound up spending a few days in San Diego. When I saw the rate, I grabbed it because, honestly, I was curious.What really makes this hotel good is the staff. That goes double with the staff at the restaurant who really stood out and made the place great.The room was good, but not great. It did, however get the job done and I was well rested and got some work done. Under the right circumstances, I would stay again.Thank you for choosing the Best Western Seven Seas in San Diego and for being our guest! We truly appreciate your kind words in regards to your recent stay at our hotel. We will be sharing your nice comments with our Staff members. We look forward to welcoming you back on your next trip to San Diego!
I chose this hotel because it was close to the venue where I went to a concert, and I thought a Best Western would be nice. It was not worth the price I paid. Besides not providing breakfast or a discount coupon for breakfast at the adjoining restaurant, the room was small, the towels felt like sandpaper, and the list of television stations was incomplete.
I have had the pleasure to stay here on business and with my family on our weekend getaways! As always, the staff are professional, polite and very helpful to ensure my/our stay is the best possible. I am scheduled to return at the end of the month,.Thank you for being our guest and continually choosing the Best Western Seven Seas for your hotel accommodations in San Diego. We are honored to hear you always enjoy your stays with us whether its for business or leisure. We are also extremely pleased to hear that our staff goes above and beyond to ensure you stays with us are great. We cant wait to welcome you back. Thank you!
Stayed at the Seven Seas for three nights en route to Los Angeles and San Francisco, yes it could do with updating but you get what you pay for. Hotels near to the city centre are much more expensive and it only cost 9 dollars in an uber to the harbour plus the bus terminus is only ten minutes walk with frequent travel to the centre. Our stay was comfortable and the staff helpful and polite, no problems with the room It was clean and roomy and you also have free on site parking which is a bonus. A couple of small swimming pools if you would like a relaxing dip and well kept gardens throughout the location. On site restaurant and bar which we didn't use as we were out early and back late. Easy to find just off the freeway would definitely stay again when visiting the area.
I was pleasantly surprised and how nice the property is with a nice jungle type of setting for the landscaping. Very lush/green areas and the rooms are very comfortable and basic. It's a good value if you book early enough to get a good deal for this pretty place. They also have a good cafe/restaurant next door you can have... More
Although the Best Western is aesthetically pleasing upon arrival, the staff in the main lobby are less than hospitable. Even though the hotel has Wi-Fi, the staff did not go out of their way to offer the code to me at check-in. The room was impeccably clean and attractive. However, the bed was not very comfortable to sleep on.
I had a three day seminar, down the road, under the bridge and across the street. It was a pleasure to spend half the money and still be in walking distance of the seminar. The room was small but definitely workable. The grounds were beautiful and it was a pleasure to walk through there every morning and each evening. The staff were cheerful and helpful.
The Best Western Seven Seas was very convenient, easy on and off freeway access. It is only a short distance to the airport parking. We had pre-paid for our room and upon arrival found out that our room had been up graded at no additional charge. Had a king size bed with a balcony and had only paid for queen size bed. pleasant surprise.
This Hotel does not give you a welcoming feel, the staff is not friendly the rooms smell, beds are not comfortable. I stayed in a BW in North Hollywood the same week and it had breakfast and did not smell very nice. Thank you for your review regarding your recent stay at our property. On behalf of our entire team, we would like to apologize for not exceeding with your expectations. Please know your comments will be shared with the appropriate Department Heads and Staff for specific training purposes, as guest satisfaction and meeting their expectations are quite important to us. We hope that you will consider staying with us again, so that we can have another chance to provide you with an excellent experience. Thank you!
we checked in around 8pm room air conditioner was not turned on room had an odor ref was unplugged we had to figure out where the socket was cant dry your hair and keep ref plugged at the same time no microwave in room or convenient place to use it in lobby
We were thrilled to find availability at this hotel, as we booked it the week before our trip. Most hotels were sold out in the area, so we were pleasantly surprised to find comfortable, clean, and hospitable accommodations. We loved the location, which was within a couple miles of Old Town San Diego. If we ever need to return, I will definitely book this hotel.October, 30. 2015Dear Maria Elena We thank you for choosing Best Western Seven Seas for your recent hotel accommodations. We are delighted to know we met your expectations at a busy time of year and that you enjoyed staying in our clean, comfortable guestrooms. We thank you for your feedback, guest satisfaction is always important to us. We look forward to welcoming you back on your next trip to San Diego here at the Best Western Seven Seas.Most Sincerely,Best Western Seven Seas Management and Staff
This is a 1960's era resort motel, a bit out dated but comfortable and reasonably priced, convenient and with free parking. The old in room air conditioner did it's best, still struggling along as it continues to age. Front desk service was just average. TV reception was minimal we did need to have maintenance come in to get it connected. In room coffee tea is absolute minimum.
We were 4 women in a room with two double beds, in town for 4 days for a convention at the Town Country, happening just on the other side of the I-8 freeway. I'd say mostly positives for us! The property was obviously being attended to while we there, with gardeners replanting and pruning the day we were leaving, the exterior building was being washed down. Very nice plantings all about. Cafe, very satisfactory. Free parking very welcome. Our convention was only a 5 or so minute walk away. We were anticipating free breakfast with the reservation (was discussed when reservation was placed) but because we didn't have documentation of that, we weren't able to counter the front desk assertion that we did not have breakfast with the reservation. So be prepared with your paperwork. Just about once a day, 1 or more of us had our room key cards not work, so we had to go to the front desk to have them reset somewhat tiresome especially because we were housed in the furthest bank of rooms from the office. For the room, yes per other reviews, the a/c is set up such that it's an uneven situation, especially at night when sleeping. We dealt with it. Some sort of problem with shower pipes in the room above, when at 3 and 4 in the morning (!), a loud rattling pipes noise commenced, for a good 10 minutes. We alerted the front desk to the problem in the morning. The noise did not occur the next evening, but it could have been because then there was no one in the room upstairs afterwards during the span of our stay. Sure parking was very tight on the Saturday evening, but it was Saturday night, late we did eventually find a spot.Frig worked well. Plenty of towels. Room didn't at all seem overly dated. Beds were satisfactory. We indulged in the pool one late afternoon, but it ended up being the same time as what appeared to be a family reunion so shifted after a little bit to one of the hot tubs. Very nice nonetheless to have a pool and 2 hot tub options on the property. There is also a small gym facility adjacent to the pool.We would stay here again!Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel. We welcome all guest comments especally when they are so well thought out. The Best Western Seven Seas is an older property however, we are continually upgrading our guestrooms, exterior, and other amenities in order to meet the needs of our guests. It is great knowing you enjoyed our convenient location and that it met your conference needs. We look forward to seeing you on your next visit whether for business or pleasure! Thank you again.
Don't believe this is a 3+ star property. While the room was clean enough, the entire facility is in need of a complete renovation.We were very disappointed as we had a week reservation.My first clue that this was going to be sub-Best Western standards was the fact that their airport shuttle was unavailable for when we were arriving.I will say the hot tub was certainly hot enough and other than the foam that was created when the jets were on(add some more soda ash), was very nice.I am glad we really only slept here as we were about town for most of our stay.Dear Brian: Thank you for taking the time to provide us with your candid feedback. The Best Western Seven Seas is an older property however, we are continually upgrading our guestrooms, exterior, and other amenities in order to meet the needs of our guests. Exciting things are yet to come, as we are currently undergoing a 2 million renovation, which includes our onsite restaurant Seven Seas Caf, and our infamous Zacks Bar. Guest satisfaction and meeting with their expectations are important to us, so we are disappointed not to have met with yours. Our complimentary shuttle service has always been offered based on availability, however, this service has since been discontinued. Please accept our apologies for not having this service available for you. It is our hope that you will consider staying with us again, so we can have another chance to provide you with an excellent experience. Most Sincerely, Best Western Seven Seas Management and Staff
I have come to except a certain level of Respect and Professionalism with Best Western Properties, but this one falls below the mark, they have no respect for their Diamond Level customers, the food at the Restaurant is over Priced for what you receive. There is no free or Discounted Breakfast, and no real incentive to eat Lunch or Dinner on property. the Internet works great, Beautiful Property and Housekeeping staff are very nice and courteous.Thank you for the review regarding your recent stay. We are delighted to hear you enjoyed our beautiful property and our nice and courteous housekeeping staff. Your satisfaction is important to us and we will be using the feedback you gave us to implement improvements to ensure we offer a better experience for guests in the future. Best Western member properties which do not have on-site full service restaurants are required to provide a complimentary breakfast buffet on-site. Although, we do not offer a complimentary breakfast, our on-site restaurant, Seven Seas Caf, is open from 6am-10pm serving breakfast, lunch, and dinner for our guests convenience. For our hotel guests, we do offer a 15 off on lunch and dinner in our cafe. We hope that you will consider staying with us again so that we can have another chance to provide you with an excellent experience.
My friend and I have stayed here twice on two different trips to the San Diego area. It is close to downtown San Diego and Ocean Beach which is important to me. We eat over in Ocean Beach but see theatre shows in San Diego. They did not have any 2 Queen bed rooms available upon check in this past visit but upgraded us for free to a King size bed which worked out perfectly. The rooms are dark (can make them dark for sleeping), clean and no bed bugs as I check before bringing in my luggage. I always wish we could stay more than one night as it's my number one choice of a place to stay in the San Diego area. Some hotels charge you for parking which I just dislike. I did my research before staying here the first time and it paid off. We had a horrible experience up in Vista and did not want a repeat of another crappy hotel. Next trip down to San Diego for another theatre show we will be staying here again. Can't recommend this place enough! It's easy freeway access off/on the 8 along hotel row.Dear Jeannette:Thank you for choosing the Best Western Seven Seas for your recent hotel accommodations and for being our guest! We are glad you enjoyed our convenient and freeway accessible location, which is close to all San Diego has to offer. It is also great knowing you appreciated our complimentary parking and clean guestrooms. Your business is very important to us and we value your feedback. Guest satisfaction and meeting with their expectations are quite important to us, and we are delighted we met with yours! It was our pleasure to provide a great experience and we look forward to welcoming you back on your next theatre trip down to San Diego! Most Sincerely, Best Western Seven Seas Management and Staff
we stayed here for 4 nights and loved the free wifi, good coverage for TV - tiny tiny bathroom with the sink outside of the bathroom which works well for us, no closet doors there was a fridge in the room and a coffee pot -lots of drawer space, a restaurant and bar on site and free parking - located in hotel circle amongst lots of other hotels -- not really walking distance to anything of interest but easy driving to a huge mall -- one odd thing is that there are two stairs to get to the ground floor rooms from the handicap parking space - good value - very clean - took ages to check in and out - they have all the info they can use before you get there why dont they use it Breakfast was not included in our rate so ask - you may save a ton of money by going elsewhere to eatDear Guest,Thank you for choosing the Best Western Seven Seas for your San Diego accommodations and for sharing your experience. We are happy to hear that you enjoyed our free Wi-Fi service, along with the cleanliness of our hotel, free parking, and onsite restaurant and bar. We apologize that the check in process was slower than expected and that breakfast was not included, but we are glad you enjoyed our many amenities. We hope that you will stay with us again soon to experience the many great elements of our hotel. Many thanks again for your time and review.Sincerely,Best Western Seven Seas Management Staff
it was my last hotel in serious of three during 11 day trip from san francisco so i can compare to few others. the room itself was OK. 2 twin beds that were a little bit small but no surprise there. the bath was fine but the weird thing is that the sink and counter space is outside the bathroom. another weird thing is a full mirror wall on the side of the bed...the walls are very very thin. i felt like the people in the room next door were talking to me. luckily we weren't in the room most of the time but still... the hotel is an open motel kind of space which is nice and has a warm pool at night with steaming water so that's fun. the location at hotel circle is great. close to a lot of things in san diego and i don't think we drove over 1-2 exits in the highway to any of the other attractions. just across the road is the fashion valley mall with a lot of stores and good restaurants if you need to rest.
Wanted a cheap but clean place to stay, and this place worked just fine. They have a free shuttle service which was great. The rooms were cleaner than I expected for the low price I paid, so I was happy about that. However, they could stand to replace their bathroom doors as they are old! The pool and property were nice as well. Staff was friendly. Would stay here again, especially with their great prices.
For the price, around 70 a night, it was average. The room had been somewhat remodeled with new bedding, wallpaper, furniture and drapes. The rooms are very small and tight with two beds. Note that two beds will most likely be 2 doubles, not queens. The bathroom needed work, It wasn't the cleanest. Old door and moldy corners. The grounds of the motel are very nice. However, keep in mind that many temporary workers and hotel help obviously live in the motel. Ask for an upstairs room, the lower rooms are loud. And stay away from rooms across from the laundry. It has a nice pool and hot tubs. The staff was friendly. It is easy access from Interstate 8 and close to the Trolly Stop and Fashion Valley Mall.Dear Traveler, Thank you for your comments regarding your most recent stay with us. We apologize that our property did not live up to your expectations. In regards to the hotel help, our employees are not allowed to stay at the property, but we do have regular guests who work in construction as well as government contractors who work at the Naval shipyards. It pleases us that you enjoyed our convenient property and the friendliness of our staff, and hope that you will reconsider staying with us in the future. Kind Regards,Joe ToczylowskiGeneral ManagerBest Western Seven Seas
Amazing it was the very best I could have stayed or do business in at San Diego. I am most impress as I don't really stay at a lot of great hotels like the best Western. First la jolla, next Mission Valley. I'm sure I'll be staying here again. and in different locations.Dear Floyd: Thank you for providing us with feedback on your recent stay. The Best Western Seven Seas in San Diego is grateful for your kind remarks and glad that you enjoyed the value received. We thank you for choosing us for your hotel accommodations and look forward to welcoming you back on your next trip whether for business or pleasure!Most Sincerely,Best Western Seven Seas Management and Staff
Our stay was very nice. The rooms were clean and the beds very comfortable. The grounds were clean and nice with all the green plants. We enjoyed our stay and would stay again. Also very close to Old Town and out attractions.Thank you for taking the time to review your hotel experience. We are so happy you enjoyed your stay. We look forward to welcoming you back on your next visit to San Diego. Thanks again!
This was a terrible experience our room had nats and spiders in it. It smelled and the Air conditioned was filthy and did not work. It was disgusting and in need of renovation. I needed a new room and they did not want to accommodate me wanted to send maintenance, No way I already was late for our tour. After about 40 minutes they sent the manager who was absent every time I asked for him. And of course no one could help except him. He finally offered a new old room that smelled but the ac work. We had to move and of course had no time to get ready for our 515 tour. I will be contacting the hotel management to discuss this overpriced horrible experience not the local manager he never called me he didn't like me much after I told the folks checking in check their rooms for bugs!Thank you for your recent review. On behalf of our entire team, we would like to apologize for not exceeding your expectations. We appreciate that you have brought this area of concern to our attention. Rest assured, each guestroom is routinely deep cleaned and treated with commercial grade steamers as a preventative measure. The Best Western Seven Seas is an older property however, we are continually upgrading our guestrooms, exterior, and other amenities in order to meet the needs of our guests. It is our hope that you will consider staying with us again so that we can provide you with a superior experience. Thank you.
Made reservations at the last minute for New Year's eve and it was clearly 20 cheaper for similar hotels in the area. Clean, digital tv. Older style heater/air-conditioner combination controlled by a high/low thermostat rather than temp. It worked fine. Even though next to the freeway, didn't hear a thing in the room.
Overall the experience was good. I would stay there again. The grounds are beauitiful, I will stay there again in June 2015. Great resturants close by and good access to other interesting attractions.Dear LeRoy W.:We appreciate your feedback and kind comments. Thank you for taking the time to write a review and being our guest! We are glad that you and your family enjoyed our beautifully landscaped property. It will be our pleasure to share your comments with our landscape maintenance team. As you know, the Best Western Seven Seas is conveniently located to all San Diego has to offer. In addition to our own great onsite restaurant, Seven Seas Caf, there are other excellent restaurants close by. We look forward to welcoming you back in June! Sincerely,Best Western Seven Seas Management and Staff
It was cheap. It was clean. It was nice. Good restaurants nearby. Seaworld, zoo, and whole lot of beaches no less than 15 min away from hotel. Cafe wasn't too bad either. Jacuzzi was nice as well. Would stay here again.Thank you for the great review of our hotel. We try to offer as much value as we can. Cafe, Zack's Bar, Pool, 2 Jacuzzis, Fitness room, free WiFi and parking. Add all this to the great location and beautiful grounds, we think it's an excellent value. We hope to see you again very soon.
The girls at the front desk were efficient when we arrived, but by the time we had booked in, the 11 or so behind us didn't look too happy as only 2 girls were there and the queue was growing very fast...Decor throughout the main part of the hotel is dated, but well maintained and clean. The motel style units looked well worn out, but we were pleasantly surprised at the fresh decor and up market linens and drapes in our room, which was spotlessly clean and cleaned every day we stayed there.The pool and spa pools are beautiful. I didn't use the fitness room as looked a bit 'testosterone laden' with too many men working out for me, but the pool was clean and warm.It's in a strange situation on 'the Hotel Circle' which literally is a circular route of hotels with an elevated highway running alongside them, about 3-4 miles from downtown, so there is a bit of traffic noise, but Downtown hotels are ALL on the flight path of either the Navy airstrip or the international airport! If you are a light sleeper, ask for rooms in the 210-224's as these are quietest and not poolside either. We slept okay.
The property is very clean including the rooms. You can't beat the location to many attractions like Balboa Park, Sea World, the beaches, and airport. The gym is a bit small and the walls to the rooms are paper thin.
There were some areas great and some were not. We still enjoy the most of them. The location of the hotel was great and very easy access to all amenities. Our best overall service that we were enjoying most was the shuttle drivers. They were very helpful and care a lot to all areas of the service. We all recommended them the best. The second area we enjoyed as well was the dinning in area especially outside. The coffee was great we love it the most too. The service there was great too. Our rooms were good just not much space to move from one end to another but other than that it was okay. The only two areas that we weren't enjoying at all was at the reception area just one receptionist that was very helpful, her attitude was too good at all, she never smile and not helpful too. The other area that we weren't enjoyed was around the all rooms the smoking cannabis it was horrible and very bad, outside where we were staying when open the door we couldn't breath because of the horrible smell as well as people have no respect to other people around.
hotel has a fresh coat of paint since the last visit. pool area nice. great beds. small bathrooms and the faucet puts out just as much water as shower head when shower is on. very friendly staff. restaurant and bar aren't too bad. good location.
Location was great, hotel circle. Very close to everything. Room a little small. Would get up to use restroom in the middle of the night and kept running into the chair. Just my husband and I. Daughter and her husband and three kids in another rooom. Air conditioning didn't work very well in either room..
We needed a hotel with airport transportation arriving rather late in the evening, and this came up online. The bus took awhile to pick us up but the driver was very pleasant and took my husband back to pick up our rental car next morning, and to the airport for a very early flight after our second stay Sunday night. The hotel grounds were attractive, room adequate and breakfast very good, with a discount. Would use it again for a before or after flight motel at half the airport hotel price.
Gnats in room, I had bites all over my body and due to spraying of raid had a severe chemical reaction to my lungs. The walk ways should have been posted slippery due to sprinkler, someone could have had a serious fall. Table by pool area filthy. Mgr Scott was rude regarding my situation!!!! Will not recommend!!!! Food prices in hotel very high.
I enjoyed one of the two hot tubs being open late. The cute theme and color coordinated dcor inside and outside of the buildings put me into relaxation mode. The diner on site is convenient. I slept comfortably in the bed. It was over all a quite restful environment.
First of all I want to say this was a good trip but not because of the MOTEL. We went to sea world, koby's swap meet and did a lot of shopping. The Hotel has around 200 rooms, one pool, two hot tubs and a small restaurant on site. Some of the rooms come with microwaves, fridges and other necessities. Sadly when I arrived at 3 they didn't have any rooms available for check in. We had to wait for half in hour but I didnt mind because we went out to eat and came back. We walk into our room which was right next to the pool and once we walk in the room had an old big fashion TV with a small fridge and no microwave. I asked about the microwave but all of those rooms were booked even though I booked my room 3 days in advance. The small thing I didn't mind but I did mind when the bath room door would not shut closed and the bed was rock hard. Also the internet they provide is WIRELESS B which is one of the slowest connections possible. I couldn't stream any thing on my laptop and at midnight my wife woke me up because she was hearing a LADY SCREAMING TO DEATH!! I call room service and they said they will send some one to check it out but another twenty minutes passed and the screams came again. Then after another phone call to the front desk we finally got some one to check it out and it was the couple next door fighting and throwing stuff at each other. The worst part was the front desk calls me two hours later to tell me they checked out the problem. This was at TWO in the MORNING!!! I would not recommend this hotel to any one. If you can spear the TEN BUCKS do it. I learned the hard way and went cheap and suffered the worst sleep that day. The only good thing was my daughter loved the warm pool that doesnt close until 10pm.Dear Guest,We are happy to hear that you had a good trip to San Diego, but we are sorry that the Best Western Seven Seas did not meet your expectations. Our rooms are often booked months in advance, especially for the summer, and unfortunately we cannot always provide last minute bookings with a specific room type. We are in the process now of updating and upgrading our bedding package which includes mattresses. As for the late night disturbance, we apologize that you were not happy with the way the situation was handled. Guest disturbances should be handled in a very sensitive manner, and we have discussed the management of the issue during your stay with our team leaders and their staff. We are always looking for ways to improve and take your comments seriously. It is the mission of our company to see that each of our guests receives an excellent service experience and we are sorry that your stay did not turn out that way. We thank you for staying with us, and for your valuable input to how we can run our business better. Kind Regards and Safe Travels,Best Western Seven Seas Management and Staff
While looking for affordable accommodations in this area, I kept finding places that charged extra for parking, which is something that just rubs me the wrong way. Best Western Seven Seas has plenty of convenient parking, and I was able to park either right in front of our door, or at worst, a couple of spaces down. The room was average size and clean, the a/c worked and the shower had good pressure. Nothing fancy but all that we needed, and a good value for the area. It was very convenient to the freeway and we were able to get in and out easily. I took morning walks in the area and I did notice that most of the other hotels on Hotel Circle S also had free parking, but none had such a large and nice complex. I didn't utilize the pool or the hot tub, but I did see that many guests were, and both areas looked well maintained. A young man did come in while I was checking in asking if they had a basketball to go with the basketball hoop. They didn't, so if you think you or your kids want to shoot some hoops, bring your own ball. It is not a court, but just a simple hoop at the end of the parking lot.I will stay there again if in the area.Thank you for being our guest at the Best Western Seven Seas and taking the time to review our property, we really appreciate your feedback. Hopefully we'll welcome you back soon on your next trip to San Diego.
The rooms were as expected from a Best Western. Nothing special, but very clean. The grounds were very well kept and had beautiful plants that it felt very tropical. Parking was near the room so very convienient, but like a motel experience where the cars are all pulled up in front of the room doors. We enjoyed our visit.
I have used Best Western for business and pleasure trips. I appreciate the amenities even though the quality seems to vary depending on location. The staff have consistently tried to accommodate my needs and random dietary requests and I have appreciated the genuine desire to help my stay at BW be as comfortable as possible.
The Best Western Seven Seas is a great place to stay in San Diego. There is a nice pool and spa. My son likes that there is a restaurant on the property and room service. This hotel is conveniently looked to all the sites of San Diego and a great shopping center!
Was pleased with room, it was clean, bed comfortable. The convenience of having on site restaurant was a plus. Food was good and prices reasonable. Wish i had time to enjoy pool and jacuzzi. Convenient location. Thank you for your kind remarks in regards to your recent stay and for choosing the Best Western Seven Seas! We are happy to hear you enjoyed our clean, comfortable rooms, the food in our onsite restaurant and our convenient location. We look forward to welcoming you back on your next visit to San Diego, thank you.
First time guest at this very pleasant hotel. Grounds are well manicured and nicely layed out. Rooms are spacious and comfortable with a trendy decor. Bathrooms a little dated, but very clean. I usually stay at BW Plus hotels, but this property offered all the amenties I've received in the Plus hotels in a great location for my business trip at an attractive rate. Close to mall, restaurants Quallcom Stadium. Close enough to the airport, without the airport noise. Multiple 2 story walk up buildings. Recommend rooms on the first floor, although car lights could shine into the room if your drapes are open. Staff was friendly, courteous and very professional.
This is a GREAT Hotel! I found this reasonably priced hotel and was very satisfied with my stay. I'm a tough customer. Fair but tough. The rooms are clean. Beds were comfortable. Newly renovated Restaurant and Pool. Parking is good. The grounds are tropical and well kept. The only thing I would want is a renovated bathroom in the rooms. A simple upgrade of tile and new countertops and fixtures would make this property even better. I will definitely stay here when I am in town again.Thank you nso much for the great review. Sounds like you were able to take advantage of all we have to offer. We can't wait to see you the next time you're in San Diego. Thanks again.
This hotel is close to everything shopping ---beaches--zoo-- Balboa Park and only thirty minutes from Legoland. The beds were comfortable and the pool was warm along with two hot tubs one just for adults another where the pool is located.They also had a restaurant and a choice to buy discounted tickets for attractions.also they had Washers and dryers for those wet sandy clothes from the beach.. Thanks would stay here again.
Awful hotel. Low quality for the price. Service was horrible, good luck trying to contact a manager to help solve really simple problems with your stay. The room I stayed in has terrible ventilation and low quality bed, sheets, towels, etc. I am most peeved by the service and wish I could say I had a better experience.Thank you for taking the time to review your stay. We apologize for any inconvenience you experienced. We welcome all guest comments because they let us know what we are doing well and where we can improve. Thanks again.
Smallish room, clean, comfy bed, no cheesy bedspreads, nice pillows, decent bathroom, coffee maker, easy access from car to room, full on restaurant, pool, hot tub. Friendly fast experience front desk check in. Affordable, clean remote. Will stay here again. Dog friendly too!
Spent a couple of nights here during our stay in San Diego. The hotel is well located near attractions and shopping and easily accessible to highways. It is not a new facility but it appears to be cared for. Beautiful grounds with a nice pool area and two hot tubs. Very helpful staff and a clean facility. We were pleased with our stay.Dear Kat F.: Thank you for choosing us for your recent hotel accommodations and for being our guest! We are delighted to hear that you appreciated our convenient location, which is close and accessible to all San Diego has to offer. The Best Western Seven Seas is an older property however, we are continually upgrading our guestrooms, exterior, and other amenities in order to meet the needs of our guests. It is nice to know you also enjoyed our beautifully landscaped grounds, our nice pool area, and hot tubs. Guest satisfaction and meeting with their expectations are quite important to us, so it will be our pleasure to share your kind remarks to our entire staff. Thank you for taking the time to write a review and we look forward to welcoming you back, so you and your family may enjoy another nice stay in San Diego! Most Sincerely, Best Western Seven Seas Management and Staff
This hotel was clean and easy to access after a long day of driving and playing softball. It was in a kind of run down area and the hotel is somewhat outdated but we were just looking for somewhere clean to sleep. For that reason it was great. The staff was wonderful and very polite with all directions and requested information and help.
stayed here on 3/4/21012free parking, good free wy fi. good location to rental cars and airport.not during rush hour.the queen bed was the worst ever, cold shower, and hair drier did not work at 430 am.manager adjusted the bill. room was clean park in front of room.
Just what you paid for, its a clean hotel. It has enough parking lot for everyone. And its close from most of the important stuff in San Diego. The rooms are not big , but enough to hold a small family
Not bad for hotel circle slightly out dated but clean the restaurant isn't terrible either I guess hot tub is open 24 hours a day pretty grounds slightly inconvenient location however absolutely must have a car
Close to all we wanted to see and the hotel give you a little list of direction to things that is incredibly helpful. Nothing fancy but felt comfortable. Shower pressure not great and limited hot water.
Perfect location with easy access to all of San Diego and free shuttle. Surrounded by palm trees, great hot tubs and pool, friendly, accommodating staff, excellent food, Zack's bar is cozy and fun, room is comfortable with everything you need.Dear Christopher E.,Thank you for your nice comments regarding your recent stay! We're thrilled that you found our hotel to be the perfect place to stay when visiting San Diego. We're glad you enjoyed our complimentary shuttle service as well as our friendly and accommodating staff and our many amenities including our pool and hot tubs. We're also happy to hear that you were pleased with your experience at our onsite restaurant, the Seven Seas Cafe, and our cozy Zack's Bar. Thank you for mentioning our comfortable and well-appointed rooms. We hope to see you again on your next trip to San Diego! Sincerely,Best Western Seven Seas Management Staff
A chain Hotel but never the less good value for money with large rooms, quiet ambience, a good pool, restaurant and polite staff. Close to the freeways in San Diego's Hotel circle, the Hotel is easily accessible, it's close to the Fashion Valley shopping Mall, it's on the Downtown Trolley route and although it gets busy, it's never overcrowded. A good value for money Hotel away from the busy beach areas. The Restaurant is good value too.Dear Leonard P.:Thank you for choosing the Best Western Seven Seas in San Diego for your hotel accommodations! We appreciate your nice comments in regard to our large guestrooms, quiet ambiance, good pool, our onsite restaurant-Seven Seas Caf, and polite staff. Our property, as you know, is conveniently located and easily accessible. We are also glad that you appreciated and enjoyed the good value of both our guestrooms and restaurant. Guest satisfaction and meeting with their expectations are important to us, so we are happy we met with yours.Sincerely,Best Western Seven Seas Management and Staff
We stayed here for a few days in November. All three rooms were nothing less than spectacular. Our rate was awesome through PRICELINE and was under 40.00. The facilities are spotless and the location is super... the crossroads of San Diego... two malls just 2 miles away, great cuisine up the hill and access to the pool and whirlpools were also great.Free parking and everyone we encountered was very nice.We'd pay a little more to stay there again.
This hotel is located such that it's fairly easy to get to most parts of San Diego. The hotel is a little older, but it is kept up well. Food at the diner is a little on the expensive side (NO CONTINENTAL BREAKFAST!!), but the staff are friendly. The room we were in was clean and wasn't too noisy.Thank you for the nice review and for being our guest. We are happy to hear you enjoyed our convenient location located close to all the attractions in San Diego. Hopefully well welcome eyou back real soon. Thank you!
It comes down to this: as usual, you get what you pay for. The hotel is older, but at least it is clean.Pros: price, location (close to everything but not too close), friendly staff, clean rooms.Cons: small rooms, doesn't feel terribly secure, noisy (thin walls), no breakfast, hard beds.
The place was good, but upon checkout I was told they would apply my 40.00 gift card plus an email of my check out. Neither happened. The location is central and the room is good. We had a patio. The staff was not very helpful. The location is on hotel row with 20 other hotels you could chose from. You might try Hampton Inn or one of the others. It is right by the freeway.Thank you for taking the time to provide us with your feedback. On behalf of our entire team we would like to apologize for not exceeding your expectations. Please know your comments will be shared with the appropriate Department Heads and Staff for specific training purposes, as guest satisfaction and meeting their expectations are extremely important to us. We are however happy to inform you that we have redeemed your gift card and refunded your card, we sent a receipt to your email hopefully you received it. Once again, we apologize for any inconvenience and we hope that you will consider staying with us again so that we can have another chance to provide you with a superior experience. Thank you!
Very nice room, clean and well taken care of. The grounds were very well taken care of with beautiful tropical flowers and palm trees. It was our third stay in 3 years and were again very happy. The heated pool and two hot tubs were awesome.
This hotel is not as it once was when I started visiting it. The staff is still friendly and professional, however it stops there. The rooms are out dated. The internet is intermittent they only provide wireless service. The water pressure is low and it only ever reached luke warm. At one point it turned ice cold on me. Unfortunately, I will find it hard pressed to go back.Dear John K.: Thank you for choosing us for your recent hotel accommodations and being our guest! Guest satisfaction and meeting with their expectations are quite important to us, so we are delighted to hear you were met with friendly and professional staff. The Best Western Seven Seas is an older property however, we are continually upgrading our guestrooms, exterior, and other amenities in order to meet the needs of our guests. The complimentary internet service that is provided to all our guests is both wireless and hardwired. Your satisfaction is important to us and we will be using the feedback you gave us to implement improvements to ensure we offer a better experience for guests in the future. Thank you for taking the time to provide us with your candid feedback and we hope you will consider staying with us again in the future. Most Sincerely, Best Western Seven Seas Management and Staff
We were very disappointed that while we made a reservation for a lower level room by the time we checked in we were forced to take a stairwell up to the second floor. We specifically asked for a lower level as my mother has bad hips and a hard time climbing stairs. The second floor would have been fine had there been an elevator at least, but there was not which resulted in us hauling her luggage up for her so she wouldn't fall. We were very displeased by this to start with, but what added insult to injury was the extremely rude nature of the check in receptionist.
Warning:. Do not stay here if you have kids or simply don't mind having others watch you in your room through peepholes. Oct 13th to 16th stay. Peephole discovered above light, which is above sink in room 507. Sheriff's Dept. Notified at 830 am next morning. Staff didn't care and in fact smirked as though they didn't believe it. Corporate responded by email to my complaint stating that since credit card company agreed to reverse charges and police had been contacted, they weren't going to pursue matter, implying somehow that I shouldn't have told in them. Absolutely gross! You have been warned! Stay at own risk! I will update further once the police investigation has completed. Check out the pics of the room, 507. Attached.We are sorry to hear that your recent stay with us did not exceed your expectations. We appreciate your feedback and will use it to make improvements to offer guests a better experience in the future. We hope you will give us another chance and stay with us again. -Best Western Hotels Resorts
I stayed here for 2 days and it was a nice place to stay. The room offered a mini fridge and coffee pot. The room was small but it was only me and I was there just for sleeping. The room was neat and clean when I arrived and while I stayed. I had a ways to walk to get to my room and it was dark so the map that they gave me didn't help much. The air conditioner was a bit noisy so if you are a light sleeper it will bother you if you run it at night. The window does open but it is on the walkway side of the room. There are two hot tubs on the property and a pool. I ate at the cafe on the property and it was very good. They DO NOT offer airport transportation but I got and Uber for about 4.
Not what we were expecting from a Best Western. Stayed here with my family of 4 because it was near the zoo and was expecting better from a Best Western. Room with 2 double beds was extremely small, hotel was quite dated and we felt uncomfortable. Thought we could get a roll-away bed with our room but they said it would not fit, They were correctm we could barely move in this tiny, tiny room! Will not stay here again.Dear levine331: Thank you for taking the time to provide us with your feedback. The Best Western Seven Seas is an older property however, we are continually upgrading our guestrooms, exterior, and other amenities in order to meet the needs of our guests. We are currently undergoing a 2 million renovation, so exciting things are yet to come. Based on hotel occupancy, larger guestrooms are available, so we apologize if you felt our guestrooms were too small. Thank you for choosing us for your recent hotel accommodations in San Diego and hope you will consider staying with us again, so we may have another chance to provide you with an excellent experience. Most Sincerely,Best Western Seven Seas Management and Staff
Don't let the Priceline or Hotwire star rating fool you. This is NOT a 3 star hotel. This is an older hotel with wear and tear that makes this more of a 2 star hotel. The last time this place was renovated was (I'm guessing) more than 10 years ago. Tell me, how clean do you expect 10 year old carpet to be The lack of an in-room microwave and no poolside towels are two notable deficiencies. Most Best Western's provide some sort of a breakfast but this place does not. Having said that, the location in Mission Valley is very convenient and when you factor in free parking and discount pricing (from Hotwire / Priceline)... this place is actually a decent value. A Crown Jewel in the Best Western Empire IT IS NOT... but for a short stay at a convenient place in San Diego with free parking, the discount price may offset some of the limitations.
my name is stephanie me and my boyfrien booked this hotel for 4 days i woke up to a silver fish in my bed in top of my arm this mornin january 6 2012 to my luck on my birthday i have a rash in my leg i found 2 of them ... i understand they are bugs but to find them in my bed thats not goood .. i placed them in a container and walk to the front dest i told the front desk girl and she said it was just like a spider .. are u kidding me i cant belive she just said that im very upset i would understad if i would of found them in the bathroom floor or else were buut no it had to be in my bed :( i reserch them and it falls in the bed bugs list ...... the phone dident work they wount even let u reheat your food .... the dinner food is grosse and expensive not a good place to stay in .Dear Stephanie, We are sorry that you had a bad experience at our hotel, and we have spoken with our front desk staff regarding the circumstances you have provided about your stay with us. We would like to apologize for the service you received at the front desk, as our company believes that each of our guests should experience exceptional service when they stay at one of our hotels. The front desk may not have had a situation that played out as yours did before, but we have spoken with the department on how to handle these things better. We are an older property, and like all houses and buildings, there is occasionally the visit from bugs. We undertake a comprehensive pest control program which includes regular visits from a specialist pest control organization for preventative maintenance. It is important to advise our guests that silverfish are indeed not related to bed bugs. We take bed bugs very seriously, as they are an infestation that can travel and affect guest comfort, however we take all bug visitors seriously since your feedback we have notified housekeeping and our pest control department to monitor the area. Regarding your further comment about reheating your food, unfortunately the San Diego County Health Department will not allow food into our kitchen that does not come from a permitted Food Distributor. We are sorry this was an inconvenience for you. Thank you for staying with us and sharing your comments with us.Kind Regards Safe Travels,Best Western Seven Seas Management Staff
I don't know how they do it. I own a small lodging facility in Alaska and there's no way I could offer this quality for this price. For an aging property, they have done very well with modest rates to manage the upkeep and maintenance. I walked in to my room this time thinking, I don't remember this higher-quality tile... More
I will start with the major issue. This Best Western has no staff that reads of que. It is almost as if they are responding by a written list, like a customer support rep from India would. They repeat the same answer over and over rather than trying to listen to you and work on something. I stayed for a week, and during the week I complained that what was supposed to be a queen bed was not. IT was clearly not a queen bed. I am not stupid, I sleep in a queen at home. But the staff was insistent. The manager offered me 25 off per night, which I accepted. But here comes the major issue. On the 13th at departure my card was charged, and the charge approved by the bank for the total bill with the discount. In the next two days a second charge for the exact same amount, but as a different transaction. The accountant Ms. Loupe like all the staff there insisted this is normal, it's just a hold of funds. What funds You already got the money, it's gone from my account to yours. If I had not had the funds in my bank to cover this unwarranted second charge. I would be severely over drawn, and subject to many many fees. This is extremely unprofessional and unacceptable. No hotel should do this, no hotel does this. But they did. Supposedly the charge will drop, but even if it does I am still very unhappy. You can ruin peoples credit by doing this to them. I will talk briefly about everything else. The hotel is older, but well maintained. Parking is plentiful by narrow. During the day behind the office building where the laundry is, the day staff leave a wooden gate open, which extends slightly past the fence. It is extremely tight and difficult to squeeze between it and any parked cars. Additionally there was no handicap parking convenient to the handicap room. The bed was alright, but clearly not the size advertised, as I stated prior. The housekeeper who usually did our rooms was extremely nice, she offered my partner extra coffee for the room, and even asked if we wanted the beds made. As we prefer to use our own blankets. The hotel itself was nice, but there were just so many big errors. I will never stay at this hotel again.
Staff was great. Close by so many attractions. FREE parking and FREE WiFi. Rooms are decent for what youre paying. No complimentary breakfast, no acces to a microwave. Other than that it was a great experience, had no trouble at Check out. Thank you for the great review of our property and for being our guest. We are happy to hear you enjoyed our convenient location which is close to all of San Diegos attractions. We are also pleased to hear you took advantage of our free parking and Wi-Fi. We look forward to the opportunity of welcoming you back on your next visit. Thank you!
The rooms are always clean and comfortable. I love the fact that it is several little buildings motel like but Best Western Style. So you walk out of your room right outside through beautifully manicured greenery that are tropical like and CA style. It is low key yet comfortable. The pool has no chlorine and water doesn't smell awful seems... More
Nice , CLEAN, friendly, nice price. I wish the airconditon is not so loud. :) The BW Seven seas in San Diego is the third of the Best Western hotels that I visited and found that each of them is very clean :).Thanks to those ladies who do their part well. I'll be back BW! :)
Hotel is very nice and accommodating. We arrived two hours early and we were able to get right in our room. The grounds are very nice and clean. We found our room to be comfortable for our needs. It does not have a microwave, but it did have a mini fridge. We would definitely stay here again. The staff was very friendly and always available for questions.
Feel secluded with surrounding lush green plants, palm trees and very friendly staff. Caf dining, cocktail lounge, swimming pool/hot therapy pool, fitness center and room service if needed. What more could you ask for at an afforded rate! Loved it!
On a good note, this place has nice hot water, the AC keeps the room nice and cold, the staff are helpful, room service seemed to be very efficient, the beds are comfortable enough, and the one meal I had here was pretty good.On the flip side, our room had bugs (most likely due to the gaping crack around the door), a lot of the outlets did not work, the tub always looked like it had sand in the bottom, and the carpeting looks like it is in bad need of replacement.Solely based on my experience, I cannot recommend this place to anyone. Thank you for your comments regarding your recent stay. By telling us what you liked about your stay and how we can improve, you are helping us deliver a superior experience for you and other guests in the future. We are however, pleased to hear you enjoyed our comfortable beds as well as our helpful and efficient staff. Hopefully you will consider staying with us again in the future so that we can have another chance to provide you with an excellent experience. Thank you!
I've stayed at this property a few times in San Diego. While the doors do not properly fit and the rooms are not the cleanest it was more out of convenience than anything. Three weeks ago I stayed at this property and they charged me for an extra night. I gave them weeks to respond. I have given the management at this hotel and the accounting weeks to respond but they haven't even tried. I've left emails, voice mails, and one person in accounting said they would get back to me. I have now wasted hours on this issue.Thank you for your review regarding your recent stay at our property. We would like to apologize for not exceeding your expectations. Please know your comments will be shared with the appropriate Department Heads and the Staff for specific training purposes. We invite you to contact us directly to provide us with additional details in order to address your concerns. Thank you.
This is a great location and easy on/off from the highway. The zoo is under 3 miles away and Petco Park is under 5. There are other sights close by as well. If you want to minimize your driving in San Diego and still drive to some vacation spots, this is a great choice. Nice pool. No breakfast included but they have a restaurant. Also many other motels within walking distance that also have restaurants.Dear grb53,Thank you for the nice review! We appreciate your kind comments in regard to our convenient and freeway accessible location. As you mentioned, our hotel is just minutes from some of the premier attractions in San Diego including the Zoo and Petco Park. If you prefer to have breakfast included in your rate, we do offer a breakfast package available for an additional cost. Thank you for choosing our hotel for your San Diego lodging needs and were glad you enjoyed your stay!Sincerely,Best Western Seven Seas Management Staff
All in all I like this hotel. I stay here every time I am in San Diego for business. Front desk staff unfriendly . rooms are clean. The pool is nice. I wish they midnight curfew for Jacuzzi but unfortunately the Jacuzzi is 24 hours and people can be loud at times
Beautiful grounds and gardens once you check in you are in Paradise. Welcoming staff from the front desk to the hospitality to the maintenance. Pool area largest in the area you don't feel like you are on top of the other guests.Thank you for such and amazing review and for being our guest. We are delighted to hear that you found our hotel to be a home away from home. We look forward to your next visit to San Diego. Thank you!
This is a frustrating hotel it's OK, but with minimal effort it could be so much better.The basic amenities are fine the room was clean the wifi and TV worked, and the bar was open. All good, rightNo...upon check-in, they add a 75 block to your credit card, and say it'll stay from 5-7 business days. That's outrageous, and when I asked why, was told people steal TV's from the rooms. If so, 75 doesn't cover a replacement (and they should rent to better people!). Short-sighted for them I was going to book another night a few days later, but learned they'd block an additional 75...this is building customer loyaltyOn check-out, a guest was complaining that she had no hot water for 3 days...the front desk clerk's attitude was 'management cut back on maintainance. Lovely. Worse, the morning shuttle I'd booked and they reconfirmed the night before was cancelled as the van driver decided to help a family load suitcases into the van......at which point to desk clerk called me a taxi and had the hotel pay for it - a VERY generous gesture!Like I said, a difficult review to write. I wonder if management knows just how hard it's employees work to keep the customers happy
The rooms are a bit small but the hotel is about ten minutes away from the airport. I like that it was near the North Park area, so its a great location if you are catching a flight out of Lindbergh Field and have a car to get around. Probably not the best place if you want to spend a night partying in San Diego.
I checked in for one night over a July weekend and found the staff at the front desk to be very helpful. The clerk asked me where I'd prefer my room and I asked for somewhere quieter. She was able to put me in a room further away from the pool/stairs which was very great. The room was clean and smoke free as promised. The AC also worked very well. I would recommend earplugs if you go to bed early or want to sleep in, as other guests come back late and leave earlier for the near by attractions. During the night I couldn't hear anything from either neighboring room which was very nice!
I booked site unseen as I am a Best Western Rewards member. This hotel is older than the seven seas! The outside is old and needs maintenance, appearing more like a highway side trucker motel than a hotel. Rooms are old and musty, with water and moisture damage radiating from the bottom of the exterior door and bathroom door. I know it's moist in San Diego, but doesn't necessarily mean the room should smell moldy. Room appeared clean at first glance, but tile floor in shower/toilet area needed scrubbing and vanity looked like it was never dusted. Shower water was luke warm.Thank you for your comments regarding your recent stay at our property. We would like to apologize for not exceeding your expectations. The Best Western Seven Seas is an older property however, we are continually upgrading our guestrooms, exterior, and other amenities to meet the needs of our guests. Rest assured your concerns are being shared with the appropriate departments in order to be discussed. We hope that you will consider staying with us again, so that we can have another chance to provide you with a superior experience. Thank you! -Team BW7S
We checked in here for four nights before moving to our apartment in San Diego, this hotel is in hotel circle, so not many bars and restaurant are around, but its 20 mins walking distance to fashion valley, so if you love shopping, do take advantage of that! The Zacks bar in the hotel has happy hour every day from 4 to 7, we really liked that. Thank you for your comments regarding your recent stay. We are happy to hear you enjoyed your stay. We are also pleased to hear you liked the happy hour in our bar. Hopefully well welcome you back for a stay-cation or even just for happy hour. Thank you!
good service over all in the hotel in outside the hotel closed to my conference a walking distance, the restaurant got good service and good food, the room was clean, the parking no problem, and it was no smoking on the room it is excellent
I visited this hotel twice with my family and we all loved it. Easy access on and off the freeway all while being a quiet and safe hotel. The room had upgraded new furnishings and there was a restaurant on site.
This is the first time I have ever been moved to write a hotel review, but this hotel far exceeded my expectations. It is in the same area as a number of other low-budget properties, and I have stayed in several because it is close to my daughter, but from this point forward I will always choose this hotel. The... More
Overall great value for the price we paid. Rooms are clean, comfy beds, a little dated but I enjoy the retro look so worked for me!Highlight was definitely the heated pool and hot tub, our kids never wanted to leave...the grounds were beautiful and well kept. We ate at the restaurant 5 times and the food was good, nothing outstanding but hit the spot and service was great.Another bonus was that it was close to the fashion valley mall transit location so we were able to get around and see the sights and beaches with public transit easily and a day pass for adults was only 7. I would definitely stay here again and highly recommend to families with kids and travelling on a budget!Thank you for the nice comments. We glad you enjoyed your stay and were able to take advantage of many of our amenities. We hope to see you again real soon. Thanks again.
Very clean and close to everything San Diego has to offer.Close to the freeway for access to everything. The restaurant had good food where we dined for breakfast and dinner on a few different occasions, Patrick was our server and was very accommodating and personable . The room was very clean and had everything we needed to make our stay enjoyable. The price was more than reasonable and we will stay there again if we are in the San Diego area.Dear Bradstaaf,Thank you so much for your great comments! We are so happy to hear that you appreciated the cleanliness of our property and rooms as well as the value you received. We are glad that you were pleased with our convenient location with easy access to the freeway and close to all that San Diego has to offer. We are also glad that you liked our Seven Seas Caf for both breakfast and dinner, and that Patrick took care of your needs in a personable manner. We will be more than happy to pass the kind words on to him! Thank you again for taking the time to review the Best Western Seven Seas and we welcome the opportunity to be of service to you during your next visit to San Diego. Sincerely,Best Western Seven Seas Management Staff
The grounds are really pretty, the rooms are very nice and clean. The staff is very nice. The WiFi did not work well in my room. My room was in the 200 building around the back and it was very quiet. I was very impressed about the charges incurred if you smoke in the room- that is a great way to keep all rooms smoke free! The bathroom was very small. One thing I did not like was all the smoking at the pool- I ended up not going to the pool because of the number of people smoking. I also was disappointed that the hotel does not offer a free breakfast.
I checked out and moved to another Best Western in town right after I checked in to this hotel. Checking in experience was very bad, desk clerk was poorly trained. I was assigned to room 159. It was a non-smk room, but has a big ashtray installed right on the wall outside the room door. The room smells so bad, they sprayed so much air fresher trying to cover the smell from odor smoking but made it worse. I found so many hairs on the bed sheet, there's a big area of yellow stains on the sheet as well, I wonder if they change the sheets after each check out or not. I went to the desk checked out, they charged me for the night anyways, without any apologize. I left my phone number for the manager to call me back, one week past, they never call me back. I gave them more than enough chance to solve the problem, but I guess they rather prefer me to share my experience with the public.So, if you don't care about the cleanness, don't care about the service, don't care get you and your family sick, don't care about they will ruin your vacation, go ahead book your room at this hotel!!Dear Sally C.,Thank you for your review, we appreciate your valuable feedback. We've read through your review in detail and are sorry to hear of the service and room cleanliness issues you experienced. It is our top priority to ensure each guest has an exceptional stay and it appears we fell short of this goal during your visit. Rest assured, we will discuss your concerns with our staff to prevent these issues from reoccurring for future guests. Thank you again for your review. Sincerely,Best Western Seven Seas Management Staff
I am being nice rating this place average, this hotel is stuck in the 70s as far as decor, the room noise from room to room is bad, everytime your neighbor open and closed thier door it felt like they were in your room, not good.
great staff-heated pool-comfy bed-clean room and great location-disappointed with the wifi but otherwise it was very nice. There is a bar and a caf onsite-very convenient. Close to nearby attractionsThank you for being our guest and for your recent review. We are delighted to hear you enjoyed our great staff and our convenient location close to everything San Diego has to offer. We look forward to having you on your next visit to San Diego. Thank you!
Everything was excellent will definitely be going back soon the quality was great and the staff were very helpful and made everything easy for my family and I as soon as we got there they were very friendly and professional.Thank you for taking the time to write such a great review. We are pleased to hear that you enjoyed our hotel and our friendly and professional staff. We hope to see you again on your next trip to San Diego.Thank you.
We really enjoyed staying in this room. It was very clean and the decor was nice. The location was not hard to find and it was nice and secluded. Area was nice and the outside was pretty. The staff was very helpful and happy. Overall amazing experience.Dear Isamarra: Thank you for providing us with your kind remarks. We are glad you enjoyed staying in our clean and nicely decorated guestrooms. It is great knowing you found our location convenient, yet secluded. Guest satisfaction and meeting with their expectations are important to us, so it will be our pleasure to share your nice comments with the entire Staff. Thank you for taking the time to write a review and we look forward to welcoming you back, so you may have another amazing experience!Most Sincerely, Best Western Seven Seas Management and Staff
Stayed several nights in June 2012. (Check several sites on the Internet for the best rates under 100 a night. Compare to the Best Western site.)The hotel is more of a motel with exterior hallways and no elevators. The room was small, but clean and adequate. The bed was comfortable, but the mini fridge was quite small. I requested a quiet room since the hotel is next to the freeway. It had a smal pool and two hot tubs. The fitness center was a room next to the pool with only a half dozen treadmills, elipticals, and a few free weights. If you want a serious workout, ask about local gyms or jog along the bay. The grounds were nicely landscaped and the place was very clean.The hotel is minutes from the mall, Old Town, and the aforementioned freeway will start you on the way to Balboa Park. The freeway near Balboa is narrow and congested at times, particularly when the zoo closes and the downtown workforce heads home. Plan on traffic issues.There are many places to eat in the area--ask at the desk. Old Town is nearby, but there are also cheaper fast food places.
I stayed here for one night in a single queen room. The room was very small and dated. The worst part of this property is how thin the walls are. You can hear every conversation that your neighbors are having as well as anytime the toilet is flushed, shower is on, door is open/closed etc. If you are only looking for a cheap place to stay this may suit your needs but there are many better options in hotel circle (even for the same price).
We moved to this hotel from two doors down and were extremely pleased. The rooms have been renovated in the past 2 months and were clean and fresh, albeit small. I recommend buildings 1,2, or 3. The grounds were lovely and calming and the pool was clean. Downsides: No continental breakfast, slow internet connection, a microwave didn't come with our room and the shuttle times weren't great for young children. Also, the TV channels were extremely limited, and there's no DVD player, but you can pay for Disney shows or Curious George at 4 each episode. We walked over to Bunz for food which was better than the restaurant. Great location, close to everything, but you need a car.
The grounds are dimly lit at night and it is hard to find your room at night. The room numbers are too small to read and not reflective so impossible to see. Parts of the parking lot are narrow and hard to drive your car or back out of your spot without the possibility of hitting a structure or landscaping or planter. The room was smaller than I expected since it had two beds. One bed was up against the window pressed right up on the a/c unit. The curtains were so long they hung over the a/c unit. When I turned it on the air flow blew directly behind the curtain trapping the air flow. I had to MacGyver some decorative pillows to keep the curtains flat to let the air flow into the room. There is only 1 plug by the sink. You can not have a hair appliance plugged in and the refrigerator at the same time. Your choice of cold food and drinks or groomed hair. The room was clean. I do not like the way they charge my room to my debit card. They charge your room rate with the incidentals charge at check in and then charge your room rate again at check out. I checked in on a Friday night. The extra charges came off when I checked my account again on Tuesday. An inconvenience if you are on a tight budget and using a debit card. Overall the grounds were well kept and the room was clean, but had poor appliance, electrical outlet and furniture placement. No elevator for 2nd floor rooms.
We have now stayed here three times and really like this place. While it is not on the water, it is close to the Pacific and most other attractions in San Diego. The staff are well trained and friendly and we actually are offered upgrades due to our BW Ride Rewards status. This does not happen at most BW hotels. The rooms are nice but a bit dated. We love the property since it really seems like a tropical resort. We come to San Diego quite often and will certainly make the BW Seven Seas our property of choice.Dear PaulSchm,Thank you for being a loyal guest at the Best Western Seven Seas and for taking the time to write your wonderful review. We are happy to hear that you were satisfied with our friendly staff and our convenient location. We are currently going through numerous renovations throughout the hotel, including granite counter tops for the bathrooms, wood cabinetry, and upgrading various amenities. Thanks again for your time and we look forward to accommodating you again soon!Sincerely,Best Western Seven Seas Management Staff
My husband and I drove into SDiego after a 7 1/2 hour drive. (Avoid Hwy 5 if you're coming in from up north. Tons of roadwork). Anyway, the staff was friendly and quick to serve us. It was 2am so there wasn't a line. But it was great to have keys in hand within less than 7 minutes. My issue with this place have to do with:1) no parking 2) how my husband and I had to walk from one end of the parking lot to the other end to get to our room. (I'm pregnant btw, to give you more context). It seemed like there were way too many cars for the number of rooms.3) The bed sufficed though it was hard. We both passed out so it didn't matter too much. 4) The AC worked. But it sounded like the people upstairs were running the shower all morning. 5) There is no tub. It's a stand in shower like in gyms. Not that that mattered to me. But water got all over the floor and you may want to bring sandals to stand in. I have a Best Western rewards card. So I stayed here to earn points. But, note to self: won't be staying here for an extended stay. Can't say I'd recommend it to others.
Convenient to many different places to go. Shopping, airport, Beaches, Museums, Eateries, Everything ! The staff is very helpful, Zaks Bar is a fun place to sit and un-wind, The PG Lounge is seperate from the restaurant and you can sit out by the pool and lounge outside as well. They open up the large BBQ for guests, poolside, for fun. It's an older establishment, but they keep it up, and it's just right for the budget -oriented person, or, family ,when taking those trips to the amusement parks. Pretty close to everything. Centrally located !Dear Thomas M M:Thank you for being our guest and providing us with your feedback. We appreciate all your great comments in regard to our centrally and conveniently located property. As you know, the Best Western Seven Seas is close to all San Diego has to offer. We were pleased to hear you enjoyed our very helpful staff including those in our infamous Zacks Bar. Our property is older however, we are continually upgrading both inside and out in order to meet the needs of our guests. We are also glad that you were thankful for the value you received while staying here. Thank you for choosing us for your hotel accommodations and we look forward to welcoming you back on your next trip whether for business or pleasure! Sincerely,Best Western Seven Seas Management and Staff
This is a wonderful hotel, a real tropical paradise in Mission Valley. The staff are very attentive and work to accommodate you. The rooms are nice with everything you need. I will always stay here when visiting San Diego!
Wasnt used to this but ok. Will check account to make sure it drops off when you leave. Clean and pretty quiet. The restaurant made a special pizza for me that was tasty. Hotel is near Sea World and good for families.
I stayed at this motel from 7/11 - 7/16 2012 for Comic-Con. I was wary of it based on some negative reviews, but I was pleasantly surprised. Check in was easy, and they let us add a day to the end of our stay at a discounted rate. The room was clean and included a mini fridge and coffee maker. We had the queen suite, which includes a bedroom and a separate living area with a pull out sofa. It included two full bathrooms, both with showers. I showered at different times each morning and always had plenty of hot water. I was apprehensive about using the pullout sofa so I brought a blowup twin mattress, and there was plenty of space for it. The only kind of gross thing was that there were a couple of hairs in the obviously otherwise clean pillowcases - I attributed these to belonging to the housekeeping staff. We asked for more linens and got them within 20 minutes.The room entrances are all outside off the parking lot, but I never felt unsafe as others have mentioned. The door had two secure locks which I used, but I never saw anyone hanging around during my stay that made me feel nervous about security. I did not hear excessive noise, but then again I sleep with ear plugs, so who knows. Nothing noticeable while I was awake. The washers and dryers were nice to have - you will need quarters and there is no change machine. The pool looked nice although I did not use it. The on-site diner-type restaurant was a little pricey, but the food was good. Room service is available until 10PM.All in all it was a pleasant stay. I would not stay there again for Comic-Con, as I realized it would be more convenient to stay downtown, but in general it's a fine motel in a good location.
This hotel is not on or close to the strip but perfect if you are in Las Vegas to golf or sight see. We were not interested in being close to the strip and this hotel was perfect. It was clean and relatively new. The rooms were nice with new decor and the breakfast was good with enough selection for our needs. I would stay here again if we found ourselves in the area
Older hotel but very comfortable and a great staff, very helpful to any of your needs. Internet worked with no slow downs and the pool was inviting. The fitness roomwas great. I stayed there ten years ago and many of the same helpful staff are still working there.
Great location. Was close to downtown Sam Diego and had numerous shops and restaurants nearby. Room was clean and comfortable. Only negative was that we needed to use the laundry facilities and they were perpetually busy during the evening. What should have taken 1 hour took much longer as we had to wait for machines. Management should consider extwnding this facility.
The room was ok. I stayed there from Friday to Monday. We couldn't even get a late check out. Check out was at 12. And we were only able to get until 12:30, and even then, they made it seem like a complete hassle. The internet was terrible. It would go in and out the entire time. As we were checking out, we wanted to microwave some food and were told the guest microwave was broken. We asked if there was another microwave we could use and were told the only one the guests could use was broken. Also, I've stayed in my fair share of hotels, and when I've booked through the hotel directly, as I did for this trip, I never had to pay the full amount upon check-in. I would pay a deposit and then be charged this full amount upon check-out. But here, I had to pay for the room, plus a deposit when I checked in. I thought that was weird. When we got into the room, it was hot and muggy. The A/C hadn't been turned on before our arrival (something I thought was common practice). Thankfully, we had our own fan to use while we waited for the A/C to kick in. Also, the fridge had been unplugged, so we had to wait to use that as well. I don't know if they don't clean very well or what, but the entire time I was in the hotel room, my allergies acted up. I've traveled to San Diego many times and stayed in various hotels and never before were my allergies affected until this time. Also, the last night of the trip, the fire alarm started chriping with a low battery every 30 secs starting around 5am or so. The best thing about the hotel was its location, but I couldn't see myself coming here again. It was in Hotel Circle, so I could throw a rock and hit another hotel I could stay in.Dear Lytrell M.,Thank you for taking the time to review our property and for being our guest. We are glad that you appreciated our convenient location. Based on your reservation details, we see that you booked an Internet Only special rate. For that reason, a full deposit restriction is mandated with this special discounted rate. Also, to prevent fraudulent transactions, and to cover any incidentals incurred during the guests stay, a valid credit card is required to be presented upon check-in. We do apologize for any confusion and for not being able to extend your late check-out request any further than 12:30 pm. Late check-outs are a courtesy for our guests and are based on our occupancy. We apologize for failing to meet your expectations and would be happy to host your next visit to San Diego and provide you with an excellent stay given the chance. Sincerely,Best Western Seven Seas Management Staff
This hotel in on Hotel Circle not far tho old san diego, but really near from highways. The room was cleam, but really small. There is a restaurant and a free access to Internet. Cheap, but you could maybe find something more interestinf near the ocean. You could maybe have a few difficulties to park your car (there aren't many places in the area. Here, you will see only the cars...
The freezing pool. The broken jacuzzi. The unfriendly staff. The rattley old refrigerator in the room. The only cheapest harsh bright white lights used, no night lights. We could hear everyone above and beside us, so the construction of this place is very poor.
Went to San Diego for a few days to go on a Pelagic Birding trip. Registered at the Best Western Seven Seas. Beautiful setting. Felt like I wasn't in the city at all. Right by the Interstate, it was still quiet. The grounds, well kept, were like a tropical paradise. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. The staff in... More
This hotel is centrally located close to the many attractions that San Diego has to offer. The staff was very friendly and efficient. I was traveling with a group of just over 20 people and upon our arrival they had all our rooms ready for check in. But, not only that, they also had all our keys labeled with our names and room numbers already on them. That made for such a smooth registration and check in (as well as check out). Our stay was for 4 days and 3 nights. Another convenience the hotel provided was a shuttle ride to and from the SD Zoo. Eliminating the chore of fighting through traffic, driving (in an unfamiliar area), and parking. The rooms were well maintained, clean and had small refrigerators in each room. The hotel also has a pool (which we didn't have time to use) and a restaurant serving home cooked meals on site. I also liked that it was quiet.Dear MariaLC60: Thank you for your nice remarks in regard to your recent stay. It is certainly appreciated! We are so glad that you enjoyed our friendly and efficient Staff, as well as our complimentary shuttle service that offers transportation to many local area attractions. It is a delight knowing you also appreciated our well maintained guestrooms, quiet property, and the convenience of a pool. Perhaps, you will have the chance to utilize it on your next visit. We are happy that you loved our onsite restaurant, Seven Seas Caf, serving breakfast, lunch and dinner from 6am-10pm for our guests convenience. Thank you for choosing the Best Western Seven Seas in San Diego for your hotel accommodations and for being our guest! Most Sincerely,Best Western Seven Seas Management and Staff
Even though I was on Hotel Circle which is right off the main highway, the Seven Seas is at the very end and quiet. My room was on the back side and after spending the previous two nights at a BB right under the flight line for the airport it was nice to sleep in past 6:30 am. Beautiful landscaping and the restaurant staff were very nice. Everything very clean
we enjoy staying at the Best Western Seven Seas have done so for many years we are treated like family We always enjoy the Seven Seas Best Western they treat you like family they have a nice pool and fitness center and everything is near the bartenders are great had funThank you so much for the great review. We are happy to hear you enjoyed your stay. We hope to see you on your next visit to San Diego. Thanks again!
Good location for getting around the San Diego area. Priced fairly. If your a couple and you can, get the king room. Nice pool area and bar lounge. Decent restaurant on site. Don't go for the fitness center.Dear Robert S.:Thank you for choosing the Best Western Seven Seas in San Diego for your recent stay! We are glad that you enjoyed our convenient location along with the value received. It is delightful knowing you appreciated our nice pool area, our infamous Zacks Bar and onsite restaurant, Seven Seas Caf, open from 6am-10pm serving breakfast, lunch, and dinner for our guests convenience. We are disappointed you did not care for our poolside workout room which contains a treadmill, elliptical, and stationary bike and apologize for not meeting with your expectations. It was our pleasure to provide you a great experience overall and look forward to welcoming you back. Most Sincerely,Best Western Seven Seas Management and Staff
Very good value. They have gone above and beyond to create a nice outdoor environment with a hawaiian feel. Bar could use some serious renovations. Although they had beer on tap I chose to avoid the bar because it was just depressing. Bed was comfortable, good pillows.
This hotel could use a remodel. The rooms are very run down. Thankfully the beds are comfortable. They had a broken light plate switch on the mirrored wall that my toddler started to play with and we quickly had to shue her away from and block. The tub wouldn't hold water for a bath for my kid. The thing that made me the most angry was they didn't provide microwaves. When I called about it they said I could pay an additional 10.99 a night for a microwave. Are you kidding me Obviously this is a scam to force you to eat at their cafe restaurant. I walked down the street instead and ate at the Burger Bunz restaurants..great food.Dear Guest,Thank you for being a guest at the Best Western Seven Seas and for taking the opportunity to share your feedback. We are sorry that we were unable to provide you with the quality of rooms you were expecting from us. We are currently going through renovations throughout the facility and we hope you can experience the changes in the future. We apologize that we do not provide the rooms with microwaves, but we do provide each room with a refrigerator, in-room coffee maker, and free Wi-Fi. We hope you return and enjoy our many other amenities offered throughout the hotel. Sincerely,Best Western Seven Seas Management Staff
I needed a place to stay near Old Town, San Diego and selected the Best Western Seven Seas. Yes, It is a bit outdated, but a good value for the money. I need to say that when I booked, Comic Con was going on in San Diego. So, I was left with few choices. Best Western Seven Seas came through. This time my stay was great. The room was fine. I was able to use their shuttle bus to take us to Old Town and pick us up afterward. Hotel staff are pleasant and willing to assist. The restaurant is good. No complaints.Dear Carlos G.,Thank you for your recent stay with us and for taking the time to write a review. It was nice to hear your kind remarks regarding our great value, helpful staff, our onsite restaurant and our convenient location. We're glad to read that you were able to take advantage of our complimentary shuttle service. We look forward to welcoming you back on your next trip down to San Diego.Sincerely,Best Western Seven Seas Management Staff
Everything was great with my stay, However upon taking our first shower the soap holder fell off the wall. As is it was freshly put on that day, No apologies or anything. I was shocked. But they did come back and replace it and taped a plastic bag over it.Thank you for your kind review of our hotel. We are glad to hear everything was great. Thank goodness maintenance was able to resolve the soap holder issue quickly and efficiently. We hope to see you on your next visit to San Deigo. Thank you again!
I was worried because the price seemed low compared to other hotels in the area, but I took a chance because it looked great. IT WAS! Fun friendly bar, beautiful grounds, good food at restaurant, perfectly heated pool, plenty of parking, convenient location. Had forgotten I'd stayed here before, and the place was great the first time too. Will definitely stay again when I am in the area.
Pro's..... great staff, clean rooms beautifully kept grounds and facilities. Free wi-fi, guest use of computer and printer, cafe on site, free airport shuttle.Con's.....no in-room microwave, thin walls, isolated location.no free breakfastEmployee was late for work so the airport shuttle started a bit late, but that was our only real complaint during our stay.
The staff were very friendly and helpful, but the hotel itself is a hit or miss.Upon arrival, the room was very small, crowded, outdated uncomfortable. Not what you would expect from a BW Plus hotel.We unpacked most of our stuff and went for dinner, only to come back to discover the bathroom had not been cleaned and there was urine and pubic hairs on the floor. I was extremely grossed out and could not use the bathroom.The TV box was also missing so we could not use the TV.I contacted the front desk girl and she was able to switch us to a different (and bigger) room that had been renovated, and was clean so that was a huge relief. She was able to do this even though it was close to midnight.The TV box was stolen from the new room as well (these must be popular in the USA...lol), but the great maintenance man was able to get one from another room and install it the next day for us.The hotel itself was very close to lots of activities, so the location is good, but if you want a nicer room, go with 2 queens or a king.
This hotel Does Not provide shuttle service it is advertised on Trip Advisor as provided but is inaccurate please update as it cost money to take a taxi shuttle or ride share. The hotel is a good value nothing fancy but clean, the staff was friendly. The restaurant is adequate again nothing fancy but the food was good, we had the French dip and chicken noodle soup. Would stay again but prefer accommodations with airline shuttle service.
The front desk staff needs an introduction to providing better customer service they do what they think their job is, but without any real consideration for the guest in front of them. The room smelled strongly of cleaner enough to make my eyes water. The two control knobs on the A/C unit were broken and amateur repaired so that they did not work. The soap in the bath, down to a sliver, was not replaced. The coffee supplies were not replenished and the waste basket not emptied. They allow people to wander around the facility slipping flyers for other restaurants under the doors not a warm feeling for security awareness. The Cafe served an excellent breakfast good food and excellent friendly staff. I'd suggest you do not pay the up-charge to get breakfast 'included' in the room cost. You can get a good breakfast at the Cafe for much less than the higher room rate, and, if you want to go somewhere else, there are dozens of other restaurants in walking distance. Next time, I'll try a different hotel chain and walk over to the BW Cafe for breakfast.
I basically live out of hotels and this is the WORST I have ever seen. Staring with parking you are paying 12.00 for a spot that you have to do a 3 point turn to get into and my Camry almost didnt fit into. The room was super small for being a family suite and everything was cramped. The was enough space between the foot of the bed and the tv table was wide enough for a vacuum to fit though as well as the space between the bed and the wall. The second room was divided by a French door only the fixed side of the French door had window covering so there is no privacy between rooms and the lights from either room shines into each other. The AC was weak and smelt like mold. The second room never got air and by the time you go to the bathroom forget it just open the window to let the air in. There is no circulation, except what was provided by a large fan in the wall between rooms that was extremely loud and reminded me of an attic fan. One good thing the bed was comfortable for a single night stay. This location does offer breakfast, but after making a waffle and getting a plate together and sitting down to eat each of us took a bite and ended up at Dennys down the street. I wasnt expecting a Hilton or the Ritz Carlton, but I was expecting something a little higher than what ended up looking like highway motel. Lucky for us we were there only one night before heading home to Los Angeles.Dear Guest,Thank you very much for your honest and detailed feedback on your recent stay at our hotel. Your feedback is extremely valuable to us, as we strive to improve with each and every stay. I greatly appreciate your comments about aspects of the room that need updating. It is a pleasure to announce that we will be implementing many of these upgrades to the property within the next couple of months. Our rooms will be getting new mattresses, bed skirts, window treatments, carpeting, in-room accessories, and much more! In taking great care of our charming hotel, our main priority is to be able to offer a very well-maintained and comfortable atmosphere. I hope that I can convince you to change your mind about another visit to our property. Please reach out to me directly at Laura.bensoninterstatehotels.com, if you would be willing to give us a chance to turn your experience around. It would be such a pleasure to personally welcome you back to our new and improved hotel!With much appreciation,Laura BensonOperations Manager619-881-4004
We stayed for two nights and chose this location because it was close to things we wanted to do. My first issue is the parking and there's not enough spaces. We had a suite that had a closed off living room but the AC unit was in that room and so even with the door open the rest of the room was hot. There was fan on wall but it was so loud you couldn't talk. The room was very small, so much that only one person could fit between the tv and bed. The shower was horrible. The temp never stayed the same. The doors into the building and the elevators were barely functioning. The pool was dirty and the surrounding area. Breakfast was okay. The staff was not very friendly or accommodating. We have never been to CA and so we had a lot of questions and the staff acted like it was such a burden to answer them. Overall I wouldn't go back and I wouldn't let my friends or family go either. Dear guest,I apologize for not meeting your expectations. I have shared your comments with our GM and Staff. Thank you Regards,Laura Benson
Staff was friendly and professional. Rooms were nice and clean. Pool and jacuzzi was great. Breakfast was delicious. We enjoyed use of the breackfast room for my husband's 60th birthday .Our kids and grandkids where all very comfortable in the suites. Thanks again! Dear Deanne,Thank you for taking the time to complete our online survey regarding your recent stay at our hotel.Your feedback is very important to us and we can assure you that we will use this information to do everything possible to create an enjoyable experience for each of our guests. We hope to see you again soon!Sincerely,Art CollantesGeneral ManagerComfort Suites Mission Valley(619)-881-4000PS: Glad to hear that you were able to enjoy your birthday at our hotel. Feel free to give us a call before your next stay so we can make sure you have the utmost accommodations.
We stayed at this hotel last year for 10 nights and while the rooms weren't completely up to date, it was clean, had extra room, breakfast was decent, and for the price we felt we got a great deal. Based on our past experience, we booked again for a family reunion and referred our family to also book this hotel. We arrived late at night and check in was fine. The lobby still looked nice and the elevator was still slow like we remembered. The first thing we noticed when we got to our room and turned the bed down were the yellow stains on the sheets. At this point I wasn't sure if the sheets had been laundered and they were permanent stains, or if the sheets had not been changed. I called the front desk and they had me come get a new set of sheets. By the time I got back up to the room, my husband had discovered the towels hanging in the bathroom had fresh lipstick/makeup all over them. I went back to talk to the front desk and the employee decided it was time to try a different room. Room 2 had a ant on top of the pillows on the bed and when we turned down the bed and pulled the pillows away from the headboard out ran 10 more. Back to the front desk we went and were now headed off to room 3. When opening the door to Room 3 we were immediately hit with what I can only describe as B.O. and it was potent. I called the front desk and told them about the smell and told them we would tough it out for the night as it was getting super late and we had a baby with us. I asked when the manager would be in the next day and was told 10 a.m. I ran the air vent on the airconditioner and also turned on the bathroom exhaust fan all night. The next morning the smell was as bad as ever. It literally was oozing out of everything in the room-the mattress, the couch. There were ants in this room also, but they were crawling on the wall instead of instead of in the bed. I headed down to visit with the manager of the hotel and found he was out due to an emergency. I expressed my concerns to the staff that was there (the housekeeping supervisor and a young gentleman) and asked to cancel the rest of my stay as well as the reservations for my family that would be arriving in town later in the week. The housekeeping supervisor came up to the room and acknowledged the smell and thought that it was possibly wet carpet-my opinion was that the room smelled due to body odor and not cleaning the room thoroughly. The only rooms the hotel had left were double rooms and she offered to let me walk through one before moving all of my belongings again, but I declined as we had already switched rooms 3 times and I also was very concerned about how many times my family coming into town would have to switch rooms to find an acceptable one.This hotel has drastically gone down hill in cleanliness since we stayed here last year. The linens in all of the rooms were stained and the towels were threadbare and grey. There were ants in 2 of the 3 rooms we checked into that night. I felt this hotel was along the lines of a motel 6 at best. Free breakfast cannot make up for a filthy hotel that is not being cleaned properly. We actually witnessed a maid RUNNING into and out of a room in less than 5 minutes. How do you clean a room that fast And we certainly didn't see a vacuum. We were wondering if the maids were paid by the room and not the hour. I do want to say the front desk staff was very accommodating and tried their hardest to find an acceptable room and I appreciate that they were willing to cancel our reservations when they realized their hotel had too many issues. ****PLEASE HIRE A SUPERVISOR FOR YOUR MAIDS AND INVEST IN REPL.ACING OLD/STAINED LINENS AND TOWELS***Thank you for taking the time to complete our online survey regarding your recent stay at the Comfort Suites Mission Valley SeaWorld Area in San Diego. Allow me to apologize on behalf of Choice Hotels for failing to meet your expectations regarding your overall experience on your recent visit. We are disappointed to hear that this hotel's cleanliness and staff performance was not up to par with Choice Hotels' standards. We have made the feedback regarding the condition of the rooms and quality of service available to management for their review. Again, thank you for your time and valuable feedback. We sincerely appreciate it and hope you will give Choice Hotels another chance to provide you with superior service and accommodations. Kind Regards,Art CollantesGeneral Manager
Great price for a 2 room suite with fridge microwave + TV's in each . Sliding doors can seperate second room from bedroom with king bed. Sofa in second room is a hide a bed. Big pool great for kids+ hot tub for adults. Mission Valley Mall just min's away with good choice of restaurants. Staff very helpful. Free breakfasts had great variety was best that we've had. Rooms could use some minor repairs but not VIP. Very pleased with stay.
Ok people, before the bashing begins just remember you are paying roughly 129/night and you get free WiFi and a hot breakfast to boot. All in an area where it usually runs 200+/night. You get what you want to pay for it. You will not get Hilton like amenities at this kind of deal.First the good:1) Great location, right off the freeway, 2 min from a huge shopping mall and plaza with everything under the sun to eat at. 10 min from Seaworld or Gaslamp or Qualcomm.2) Good breakfast, decent choices, some healthy items, coffee is good.3) Fridge and microwave in the rooms. AC works nicely. The bed was good, with a lot of pillows, which I believe they just switched out to new ones.4) Friendly staff at front desk. Now the not so good, or you get what you pay for:1) The pool is loud when active until 10pm. The rooms face the pool in an L shape, it echoes through the halls. If no one is there, then it is fine. During summer, it's brutal.2) The rooms do need updating. You can see it is a work in progress, but the walls in my rooms were all marked up, the decor was outdated. Hallways and elevator showed heavy signs of use. Pocket door for bathroom was very heavy and loud. One telephone didn't work, etc. Our blackout drapes were torn and pulling away from the window, so it did not stop much light during the day for my son's naps.3) Thin walls. We heard every footstep above us, every creak. We also heard everything in the halls, and with the outdoor floors you can hear everything rolling on it, or people walking through. Once asleep, not a bother.4) 8 parking fee. Whatever, it is stated on the website. Just add it to the room rate and call it free, makes the customer feel better and not nickel and dimed.5) Ant attack in our room, but they did remedy quickly when we notified. 6) The sofa bed was a joke. 7) Elevator would take us to level 3 when we pressed level 2. All day, until I told them about it.Look, this place is ok. You get good value for the rate you pay, which is cheap. It is obvious the manager is doing a lot of damage control here on TripAdvisor by trying to respond to all complaints, which reflects why the ranking for this hotel is so low, as there are a lot of complaints.Would I stay here again with family Probably not. But for a cheap room, and if I was by myself maybe. But not for my family, there were too many annoyances, but we walked out of there for under 300 total for two nights. Good luck people. But don't nail the resort for not being like Hilton when you are only paying 129/night ok!It was my pleasure to read your objective review that pointed out the things you liked about our hotel, as well as some of the things you had a concern with. We read and act upon all our reviews in order to improve the service and comfort of all of our guests. It is clear you understand we are a very conveniently located hotel that offers reasonable rates, unique room layouts and features, a free breakfast buffet and most of all, dedicated professional staff. I agree there are some aspects of our hotel that are a bit overdue for attention, however we do have an on-going and aggressive improvement and upgrade schedule. This year the focus has been on new linen, early next year will be the furniture upgrades and dcor, among other items. As much as we would like to, we cant get everything new all at once, however we do have excellent engineers who keep things running smoothly, or if a guest discovers something we missed. Some things like a busy swimming pool in summer vacation season or parking fees for most all hotels in this area are things we cannot change. Even so as you pointed out, we think we offer the best in rates, location and value to our guests. We sincerely appreciate your business and taking the time to provide your comments to us and hope you will stay with us again to see all the great things we are doing at Comfort Suites, Mission Valley! Sincerely, Elizabeth Ming, General Manager
We picked this hotel due to its proximity to Sea World. The room was outdated but large and clean. The only complaint we had was we were on the first floor right by the pool. It was noisy most nights up to 10 p.m.Breakfast was pretty good. Parking was free since we booked with a travel agency. Restaurants and shopping was 5 minutes away.We would stay there again but in a room further from the pool.
My wife and I recently spent a night at this property. We had never stayed at a Quality Suites property before. We came away very impressed. For our stay, at the end of May, it seemed the majority of the renovations had been completed. We received a complimentary room upgrade, thanks to Frederick Ross at the Front Desk. He was very helpful and very friendly.Our room was exceptionally clean and well appointed. The bed was firm and comfortable. Huge bathroom. There was a jacuzzi tub and even a gas fireplace.The Internet was fast and easy to hop on. The breakfast in the morning was also very good with a nice variety of hot items. It was easy to get to some very nice restaurants for a good meal as well.All in all we will now include Quality Suites in our list of choices for properties to stay at while traveling. An excellent value andDear Guest,Thank you for taking the time to share your comments regarding your recent stay with us. We work hard to insure our guest have a pleasant stay while they visit with us. We are pleases to hear we were able to exceed your expectations. We look forward to serving you again very soon.Kind regards,Laura Benson
We stayed here on October 9-12 and the entire weekend the ice machines and soda machine on our floor was out of order. I did not check the other floors' soda machines. The parking was 12 a night and very tight for out Yukon XL. The breakfast was good and the beds were comfortable. Dear Guest,Thank you for going online and completing our survey. I would like to apologize for the ice machine on your floor not working, we are working on making sure this doesn't happen again. Sorry for this inconvinence . Your feedback is appreciated and very important to us. We were glad to here you still enjoyed our hotel and hot breakfast. We hope you visit us again soon.Warm Regards,Laura BensonOperation Manager619-881-4004
The King suite with 2 double beds is great, although very tight space. The beds are bunkbeds in a separate room with door. Each room has a TV. There is a heated swimming pool with hot tub.The staff was very friendly and helpful. Our room was at the end of the corridor, so very quiet.The price is very reasonable, but there is a large fee for parking.Dear Janet, Thank you for taking the time to complete our online survey regarding your recent stay at our hotel.Your feedback is very important to us and we can assure you that we will use this information to do everything possible to create an enjoyable experience for each of our guests. We hope to see you again soon!Sincerely,Art CollantesGeneral ManagerComfort Suites Mission Valley(619)-881-4000
The TV and refrigerator was not working. Excellent customer service to fix the problem. The location is close to restaurants and shopping mall. Free breakfast was great with fresh fruit, eggs, sausage , cereals,patties, yogurt, pastries,waffle maker. Parking fee12. The room was clean, room had 2 separate sleeping areas which was nice. Room had 1 bed and the other area had bunk beds. Good fir 4 people. Looking for a less expensive hotel this place will be fine in San Diego.Dear Felicita W,Thank you for sharing your comments, your feedback is very important to us. I have shared you comments with our GM and Hotel Staff. Happy to hear you enjoyed your time with us. We look forward to serving you again in the very near future.Kind Regards,laura bensonGuest Service Manager
we had an amazing time at this hotel def coming back for our next family vacation room was nice and cold and clean and for a decent price the staff was also very helpful and polite. Breakfast was good Dear Edith,Thank you for taking the time to leave us honest and detailed feedback on your recent stay with us. We are very happy to hear that you enjoy our suites, our continential breakfast and all amentities we provide to our valued guest. Its great to hear that our front desk staff was kind and helpful to you and your family during your stay. We always strive to provide all guest with the best customer service possible. We look forward to seeing you back soon. Have a great rest of the year!Warm Regards,Laura BensonOperations Manager619-881-4004
Great Stay-I was provided an upgraded suite room. Very nice. Room suite very spacious. All hotel amenities were readily available. Hotel staff was very courteous and helpful. I will definitively stay here again. I like the close proximity to freeway, shopping center and restaurants. Waffle house restaurant breakfast was fantastic and very delicious. Thank you for taking the time to complete our online survey regarding your recent stay at our hotel.Your feedback is very important to us and we can assure you that we will use this information to do everything possible to create an enjoyable experience for each of our guests. We hope to see you again soon!Sincerely,David FuentesFront DeskQuality Suites Mission Valley(619)-881-4000
It was an excellent stayPerfect location for my conference.The person at the front desk rather seriousThe maid service excellent, thanks to the manager of the cleaning staff, very friendly, helpful, and hardworking, kindly helped me with my luggage, to prepare my waffles at breakfast, I saw her there helping too!I will recommend this hotel to my friends and I will visit again
We stayed here on a 9 night vacation in San Diego. We had a tremendous deal that could not be beat for the amenities this hotel provided. Our kids (ages 4 6) loved swimming in the pool just about daily. Although I enjoyed the hot tub, the drains maybe were plugged since a couple nights the water was spilling over with n a couple people in the hot tub. However I did not notify staff-so I am not complaining, it seemed resolved in subsequent nights.We did have an issue we reported to request a new tub drain plug/stopper and never did get one. We requested twice and the second time was two days before we left so when the kids took baths that night we just made do since we weren't going to wait for maintenance during the bedtime hours.All in ill we had and enjoyable trip and this was a tremendous centralized location for all the sites we wanted to see.
Very unique room configuration especially if you are a family. Doors open to the outside which all face inward to the open courtyard. First section or the room is your main bed, tv, mini fridge and microwave, then the second section separated by a siding interior door is a bunk bed, chest and tv then the back section of the room is the full bath. The bath area looks like it was updated at some time and is nice, staff has plenty of soap, shampoo, coffee and towels stocked. Staff was in the process of replacing all mattresses in the main beds of all rooms while I was there, in fact mine was being replaced as I checked in. Parking can be tough if the hotel is full especially if you drive a big car or truck. Exterior is in need of maintenance. Breakfast was plentiful and the normal Comfort Suites breakfast. Wifi was good. One thing that really disappointed me was the lack of many channels available on the TV. Had network channels, a couple of independent channels, did have Fox News but didn't work the last day I was there. No other news channels.Dear Guest,Thank you very much for your honest and detailed feedback on your recent stay at our hotel. Your feedback is extremely valuable to us, as we strive to improve with each and every stay. Very glad to hear you still enjoyed your stay with us even though there were some areas we do need to work, we will continue working on.. I hope we get to have you visit us again in the near future.Warm Regards,Laura BensonOperations Manager619-881-4004
Spent the first three nights of a family trip here, using it as a base to see Legoland and Seaworld. The hotel itself is fine (we had a room with a bedroom separated by a sliding door for the children, complete with bunk beds), has a good outdoor pool and spa, and a decent free hot breakfast. All in all nothing sensational, but clean, tidy, reasonable value and - assuming you don't miss the turn off from Mission Valley Fwy! - in a convenient location, only 5-10 minutes from Seaworld and maybe half an hour from Legoland.I am very pleased you enjoyed your stay with us and you were able to enjoy our pool and spa, as well as SeaWorld and LEGOLAND. Sorry you had hard time finding our hotel our frequent guests like to remember that we are on the same exit as the Mission Valley Mall. Thank you for taking the time to share your experience with us, too often, guests do not take the time to share their positive comments but the good service you experienced is what my staff and I strive to provide to each and every guest. We hope to see you again soon! Sincerely, Elizabeth Ming General Manager, Comfort Suites Mission Valley.
I think it has been said previously if you are expecting a Hilton at this price, you'll be disappointed. Overall this is a very good property to stay at. The beds were very comfortable, the rooms stayed cool when using the air conditioner. We stayed a total of six nights here, five at the beginning of our trip, then checked out and went up to Disney for five days, then back for one night before flying out the next day. We were happy with the kids suite with the bunk beds. The bunk beds were a little squeaky going up and down, and while the child settled down trying to go to sleep, but nothing that kept anyone awake. The top floor was great for that length of stay, didn't have to worry about ceiling noise that way. The first night I didn't leave the fan on the air conditioner and heard the highway noise come through in the morning and thought a window was open. Turns out the door isn't completely sealed and noise comes through so leave the fan on (it kept the room nicer to sleep anyway). If you are a really light sleeper and can't have the fan on, you might not enjoy this place. The breakfast was really, really good. One of the best setups I have seen. Don't doddle getting down there as they are good at keeping everything nicely filled till about 9:10. Since the breakfast ends at 9:30 on weekdays, the doors are closed at 9:30. If you go down there at 9:25, get everything you need before going to sit down because you won't have a chance to refill because it CLOSES AT 9:30 PEOPLE. At least 4 days we were sitting on the patio waiting for out slowpoke eater to finish and people are getting mad at the girls trying to close the doors and clean up the breakfast because THEY weren't finished eating. Get up and get down there in time and don't bh at the girls doing their job.The kids really enjoyed the pool, we only had time to use it twice but they had a good time. I would have liked to use the hot tub but it was not working while we were there. It was a good week for us, the pool wasn't too busy and was quiet by 10:00. Thank you for adding to our great San Diego/Disney trip, we had a great time.
Hotel is ok , but need upgrades in the rooms, the carpet, t.v. Is small the bathroom can use up grade tike in floor. When you call front desk and tell them someone right next to you is smoking and you are allergic to smoke. Accommodate me by offering another room, and not say ok and we will check it out. Dear guest,Thank you for taking the time to share your comments with us regarding your recent stay.i would like to apologize on behalf of the Hotel and Staff members for the problems you encountered during your stay. We do realize our hotel is a bit tired and in need of some TLC ( and we are looking forward to full renovation coming out up very soon. I sincerely apologize for the Front desk not taking care of you properly, I will definitely speak with them and do a refresh training for the issue you mentioned so in the future they can handle it in the proper manner.Again my sincerest apologies. We thank you again for giving us the opportunity to serve you.Kind regards,Laura Benson
I anticipated this resort having interior corridors like the pictures led me to believe however it did not. The rooms were very old and definitely could use some updating and refurbishing. Outside the hotel a group of homeless people were staying by the emergency exit which did not make me feel safe at all. Not my first choice next time I'm in San Diego.
The Comfort Suites Mission San Diego was clean and the property was pleasant. 1. The pool area never got cleaned, towels and trash laid around all weekend.2. The hot tub was broke. Never saw anyone attempting to fix it.3. We asked for extra towels, the House Keeping staff knocked once then just walked right in. I thought this was odd, unprofessional and totally inappropriate. 4. House Keeping was already trying to clean our room at 8:00 am in the morning. I thought this was odd, totally inappropriate.5. I was disgusted that people were walking into the breakfast room with no shoes, adults and children alike. Not the Hotel's fault just an observation.
Arrived on a Sunday afternoon. Hotel Staff was nice upon greeting. Asked me to upgrade to a King with 2 bunk beds, but I kept the 2 double beds.The label of suite means an extra sitting room in the front with a sofa, small desk, TV, refrigerator, and microwave. The extra room made it nice for our little boy to play while we are resting in the bedroom.AC design is peculiar. Front room gets the main AC, then the room with beds is blocked by a glass sliding door. There is a fan which pulls the AC through to the bedroom. Bathroom was clean, but had a chemical smell. Carpet, wallpaper, and paint all look like they need remodel, which on the hotel website said was going to happen soon. Sliding door to bathroom does not have a lock. Nice to have 2 flat screen TVs. Bed was comfortable.We had a room in the back of the hotel, which made it quiet. The bathroom window faces a bunch of apartments, so you need to remember to close it for your privacy.Price was economical. I read the fine print about the 12 parking fee, I don't think is a big deal. However, they should create a line item in their billing before they quote the nightly price.Breakfast room was convenient and food was well stocked. I would consider going back to this hotel after the renovation. I hope they redo the AC system instead of relying on an old-fashioned fan to re-distribute the air.Dear Guest,We would like to thank you for taking the time to complete our online survey. Feedback from our guests is very important to us and your input helps with our continuing efforts to provide excellent service and a great stay.Thank you so much for your business and we look forward to seeing you in the future.Kind regards,Laura Benson Operations Manager Quality Suites Mission Valley (619)-881-4000
I gave them excellent rating mostly because of the people that work there were so helpful. The place is nice and the room was clean. Bed was great and I slept well every night. Quiet too even though right next to freeway. Had a fridge, microwave and coffee maker in the room. There is a Trader Joe's right across the freeway and that helped with meals. I spent the week there while I visited Comic Con and a shuttle was a few steps away from there. Also full breakfast was included. Food was good. I could not eat the cheese omelette but they looked good. Free Wifi.Dear Marie,We would like to thank you for taking the time to complete our online survey. Feedback from our guests is very important to us and your input helps with our continuing efforts to provide excellent service and a great stay.Thank you so much for your business and we look forward to seeing you in the future.Kind regards,Laura Benson Operations Manager Quality Suites Mission Valley (619)-881-4000
We paid quite a bit to upgrade to a suite. Basically, it's a long narrow room with a divider between the window and the bed. The actual bedroom is very small and the sitting area is even smaller. The A/C is in the sitting area and you must keep the door open to allow cool air to flow into the bedroom. The additional daily parking fee exasperated the problem. The hotel sits next to the interstate but the noise did not seem to bother us once we were inside the room. The breakfast which was included was more than adequate.Dear RobertPC118,First of all I want to thank you for taking the time to let me know your experience. I can assure you that we will use this information to look at the room configuration since we are currently reviewing plans to upgrade the property by renovating to improve our conditions. I am glad you enjoyed the breakfast. If you decide to visit us, please contact me directly at 619.881.4001. I will personally take care of your reservation and make sure that next time you will give us ALL 5 rating!We hope to see you again soon!Art CollantesGeneral Manager
The only thing nice that we saw here was the pool, which looked clean and fresh (unfortunately, I didn't bring a suit). The place has very, very old and beat up furniture and was either too hot or too cold -- the heating systems are terrible, built under the window as in older cheap properties and then the beds are behind some sliding doors, so you have to leave those doors open if you want any cooling. The breakfast in the morning is really disgusting. They seem to have people making the breakfast who know nothing about what coffee is supposed to look like, for example, or what bacon strips look like. They had a whole container full of picnic bacon, which is just scraps of pork in no particular shape, generally used as bacon pieces for other foods. And here it is in their hot breakfast like you are supposed to dive in and just eat those bacon scraps as if they are slices of morning bacon. Not me!The coffee maker in the room saved the day for us, because it was actually much better than expected. In a general sense, this room was not the quality that we expected for what we paid, and we were generally disappointed. Complicating the situation, we asked for a wake up call at 10:06 PM one night, and they promised to call. We were never awakened and it caused some big problems. I hope the attached photos help people understand why they should avoid this property.Dear Lindaj99,Very sorry to hear you were so disappointed with us during your recent stay.our main goal is to make sure all our guest have an enjoyable stay.Sorry we fell short of your expectations. the hotel will be having a full renovation towards the end of March.We hope you will give us a chance to serve you again.Thank you again for your comments.Best Regards,Laura BensonOperations ManagerComfort Suites MV
If you need a pristine trendy hotel, with all the amenities, this is not the place for you. But if you are looking for clean, comfortable lodging, and can put up with a few items that are rough around the edges, this may be the place for you. At about 70/night this place was about half to a third of some of the more modern places that are literally next door. Our modest sized room was a true suite with a door between the bedroom and the sitting area. The bed was extremely comfortable and there was a big, clean bathroom. Staff were efficient and friendly. The breakfast was all we could ask for, and was generally kept well stocked. The breakfast rooms are large with lots of seating. As noted, there were some rough edges: the ventilation fans in our room were quite noisy the screen on our window was broken and the pool elevator was creaky, with a well outdated inspection report posted. The location in the valley is just off of I-8, with lots of restaurants and shopping nearby. We were able to get most anywhere we wanted to go to see the sights in 10-15 minutes.Dear Guest,Thank you for taking the time to share your comments regarding your recent stay with us. We appreciate all your wonderful comments. We work very hard to keep our little hotel clean and comfortable and we are aware that it needs a lot of TLC. We are also looking forward to getting a full renovation very soon, We hope to see you back once this is done. )Thank you again for staying with us.Kind regards,Laura Benson
This hotel is just ok. The rooms are decent but nothing more. The pool is small but I guess adaquate for kids. The walls are paper thin and we were awake every night by people walking in the room above. If you want quiet choose a room on the 3rd floor and away from the pool. The complimentary breakfast is just ok also. I love my breakfast and this was not that good at all. Eggs and sausages were not edible. At least there was cereal and milk. The location is good as there are several big shopping malls around. The zoo and sea world are close also. Ralph's grocery store is also not far. You do need a car in san diego though.
You couldn't ask for a better price for a for a suite with three small rooms that includes breakfast. The total amount of space seemed similar to an Embassy Suite with parents sleeping in one room and two kids in a bunk bed in a second room that you need walk through to get to the bathroom. It is true that the AC was kind of moldy smelling and the room did feel a bit run down and the guests, in general, didn't seem real classy. The immediate location isn't exactly romantic either, but it is well located for driving places in San Diego. The breakfast, by the way, was surprisingly good. If you are used to decent hotels, it will be hard to feel comfortable at this one, and I don't think you would choose this place for a honeymoon. Still, for around 100, I don't think you could find a better value for a quick overnight stay in a suite for a family of four.
This place was a breath of fresh air. After traveling for 6 weeks we needed a hotel that could offer laundry facilities, fridge, coffee making, breakfast etc... it has it all. The reception and housekeeping staff were all very friendly, even had fresh coffee and crisp red apples at reception. Frederick at front desk was happy to recommend local restaurants and attractions. Although the rooms are a bit dated it had a great comfy bed and a separate lounge. The daily breakfast was fabulous. It even had a hot dish to offer each day. I would highly recommend this hotel to any couple wanting a value for money stay. Dear guest,Thank you very much for giving us the opportunity to serve you. We thank you for all your wonderful comments and look forward to seeing you again soon.Kind regards,
My family and I (2 kids 2 adults) stayed at Quality Suites San Diego Sea World Area in early Oct 2018. We stayed in a king size room with a pull out sofa bed. The king bed was very comfy but the pull out sofa wasnt comfy for the kids and wouldnt be able to accommodate an adult. You would be better to get another bedding configuration. The pull out sofa bed was in an offset room/sitting area (with a separate tv) that can be closed with a glass sliding door. The full room is compact so if you have very big bags, they wouldnt be able to be left open all the time as you probably couldnt walk past them. The kids loved the pool, and we could here a little bit of noise from where we were but not much (we were on the 3rd floor in the far corner so it was the quietest area). The breakfast and breakfast area was good. The staff were friendly and the location was central to the zoo and the airport. We used Lyft to go places. You could go across the highway to the mission valley shopping area but we didnt do that. There is a Dennys, petrol station, benihana, Wendys and another food place within several minutes walk (and a Wendys further) on the hotel side of the highway. Overall we had a good stay as it provided everything we needed for our couple of nights.Dear Guest - We appreciate you taking the time to provide us with such candid feedback of your stay. I am very sorry to hear that your stay did not meet expectations. At the same time glad to know that kids loved the pool and you liked the breakfast! I'm sure our entire hotel staff enjoyed catering to your needs as well. Looking forward to welcoming you back soon!
Nice lush landscaping, nice pool. Close to freeways and gas station. Stayed in room 315. The kids liked having their own space. Hard to take a shower, no or low pressure. Air conditioner didn't seem to be working. I called front desk, girl said they hadn't had any complaints! Seriously I'm calling! Was so hot for 3 nights! There was a stand up fan so I assumed they knew the AC wasn't working. Breakfast was blah. Make sure you have time because the breakfast area was packed and they take FOREVER to replenish the hot foods. Overall, my stay was fine. Kids were happy. Dear AlexLisa02,Thank you for staying with us and for taking the time to share your comments.I would like to apologize to you and your family on behalf of the hotel for failing to meet your needs.We understand our hotel is in need of a LOT of TLC, so sorry (We are due for a full renovation in the next couple of months in which we'll have everything in those rooms replaced and upgraded.i hope you will give us a chance to serve you again very soon.Warm regards,Laura Benson OP ManagerComfort Suites MV
The location was perfect, close to Sea World since that was where we were headed. Lots of restaurants on University avenue just a mile from the hotel. Parking was convenient and free.We booked the suites since we were 5 of us. The beds were comfortable ( though I found them a little soft ). Still had a good nights rest. The bedrooms and the living room had a partition. Chairs table and a work station were in the living room. Our room overlooked the jacuzzi.The faucet in the bathroom definitely need work. It was tricky to figure out warm and cold since they worked in oopposite directions. Once we got it it was easy. I found the bathroom tiles like those found in a garden. had to use my slippers as they really hurt once out from the bath tub. We asked for the sheets not be changed. Liked their way of saving the environment. Requested for the towels to be changed.I wish the management had extra soaps since there were 5 people staying in the suite. We didnt have the time to go and request this.. We always carry some incase of instances where there aren't any. Breakfast was rrealy really good.. sausages, 2 types of eggs, cold and hot breakfast. There were tables and chairs inside as well as outside. Lots of place to sit. When depparting i needed some hot water. Couldnt find any in the coffee area, so the front desk requested the breakfast room door to be opened to assist my request. Thought this was really nice. Will definitely stay here again even though we found some glitches here and there. The price for the 2 night stay was perfect.
The hotel is nice, the bunk bed room is the best for a family. Our kids were so excited to have their own room and bunk beds. The pool and hottub were fun too. Breakfast is decent too. But what sold me is the customer service! I will go back. I left a very expensive toy realized it after a 10 hour drive home. They were SO HELPFUL, housekeeping, front desk, everyone. I just got it in the mail less than a week after our stay. THANK YOU COMFORT SUITES!We sincerely appreciate your feedback that you and your family enjoyed your stay with us so much. I am happy your children enjoyed their stay with us too, in their own part of your room with their special bunk beds! Many of our guests with children state the bunk beds combined with their own area make the children feel very at ease while traveling. Our staff is also very pleased that you mentioned them in your review too. Often the things they do to ensure our guests have a pleasant stay are done in the background and not always noticed by our guests, so it was very rewarding for them to see your comments. We were only too glad that we found the item you left in your room and that were able to return it to you safely. We are honored that you value our staff and commitment to customer service and we look forward to you staying with us again in the future. Sincerely, Elizabeth Ming
Towels are yellow and gray, wallpaper is dirty and marked, room is musty and smelly, carpet looks 30 years old, furniture is mismatched, scuffed, phones are old, the building is old and falling apart. The only nice area was the lobby.V C,I apologize our property was not to your standards and that out staff failed to accomadate you during your stay. I will go over this review with my staff to help us all improve on these little details. We are currently working on renovating and improving a lot of things in our property. I hope we have not loss your business and you may consider giving us a second chance. We would like to see you visit us again in the near future!Thank you for taking the time to leave us a review. Sincerly,Laura Benson
This is my second stay at this location and due to it's price of under 100.00 it fits my budget. On my first stay the room was spotless, unfortunately this time around I can see that they just ripped out the old TV's because there is particle board shaving from the entertainment center all over the furniture and part of the carpet...the good news is brand new flat screen..the bad news is that the front desk told me that there were no remote controls for the new HDTV's and you could not change the channels...it was programmed on the welcome screen. So the rooms are worn with sagging couches nicked and torn wall paper, old furniture and brand new HDTV's that are useless...I think I'll look elsewhere on my next business trip to San Diego. I am a Platinum Choice Hotels member and stayed over 25 nights with Comfort Suites across the Western US last year and this is not the standard of every other CS I have stayed at..this should be a Comfort Inn.
As with most Mission Valley area hotels, the location is good.The rooms are very aged. Definitely time for some refurbishing (which I think is happening soon). The morning breakfast is pretty nice with a good variety of foods for everyone.Parking is pretty tight if you get there late. Parking in the back is really hard with a larger vehicle. As with other Mission Valley hotels, not sure why they charge for parking other than adding on some extra bucks to their pockets. If you are family looking for included breakfast and don't mind roughing it just a bit, this is the place for you, if you can get a good rate.Dear Guest,Thank you for taking the time to leave us honest and detailed feedback on your last stay with us. We appreciate you taking the time to comment on the hotel and amenities we offer to our guests. Very glad to here you enjoyed your stay and our hot breakfast. We always try to provide the best customer service to our valued guest.We hope to have you visit us again soon! Warm Regards,Laura BensonOperations Manager619-881-4004
The room was not bad and it was a family room with two separate rooms. The refrigerator did not work and we had to call maintenance. He didn't fix it but we ended up fixing it- because it was wired up weird. We had fans in the room but there was no place to plug them in which was a little strange. There was an open granola bar left on the floor from the last guest that I guess housekeeping missed a couple of days in a row. The hotel was not a bad price but was still not really worth the price we paid. Breakfaste was average and very crowded every morning.Dear Guest,Thank you for taking the time to give us feedback on your stay with us in May. We appreciate the feedback and will be passing down all information to the correct departments to provided better service to all future guests. I apologize for any inconvience to you and your family. I am glad you enjoyed the set up of our rooms and breakfast. I hope we do get to see you back soon. If there is anything I may do to make your next stay with us GREAT, Please email me at laura.bensoninterstate.comWarm RegardsLaura Benson619-881-4004
Comfort Suite Mission Valley was in a great location for our plans. Housekeeping did a terrific job keeping the room clean and comfortable. The building needed some work especially on flooring by the second story stair case. Parking was definitely limited and we were unaware of a parking fee per day until checking in, that really hit a nerve. Despite that we really enjoyed our stay and the comfort it provided.We are glad that you enjoyed our clean comfortable rooms along with the great location of the hotel. Sorry that you missed on the parking fee information, we display it on all the channels to make sure that guest is aware of it. Your review will serve as encouragement to all of our staff.Thank you again for sharing your experience. See you when you will visit Sunny San Diego again!!!Sincerely,Sarika DesaiAssistant General ManagerComfort Suites Mission Valley SeaWorld Area619-881-4000
Overall, a great place to stay. Area is east of Hotel Circle with less congestion easier freeway access. Stayed on the ground floor, steps from the pool and breakfast room. The room was a small suite that appeared to have been recently remodeled with 2 flat screen tv's, fridge, microwave, separate living area with a sofa bed, queen bed in the bedroom and a large bathroom. One of the best free hot breakfast buffets we've ever encountered. Huge serving area, separate dining area for approximately 40 people and an additional outside patio seating area. We stayed on a weekend and no lines for breakfast. Be aware that the hotel charges 12 a day for parking (lot is very large). At less than 75 a night on a weekend, this hotel is definitely a keeper!Dear Guest,Thank you for taking the time to share your comments with us. We work very hard to make sure all of our guest have an enjoyable and restful visit. We are very glad to hear that we were able to exceed your expectation.We truly look forward to serving you again soon.Thank you again for staying with us.Warm regards,Laura Benson
First, make sure you are booking the hotel you want. There is another Comfort Inn (Zoo / SeaWorld area) nearby and it has a better rating than this one. At this one we reserved a kid's suite, however, they do not seem to have a room as pictured on the website w/kid's bunkbed. So you buy a room and get another one that is dirty and smells bad. The staff at the reception is courteous, but the cleaning people seem to make a special effort to make you feel uncomfortable.
My family and I checked in on Thursday 9/21 around 9pm. The parking lot was very small and hard to get a spot. When we finally got in the lobby, it looked clean and presentable. Our room was an entirely different story. It was facing outside by the pool. The light was already on in our room before we entered. Once we got in I was immediately disgusted. It smelled horrible (almost like a really bad sulfur), room looked very outdated and unappealing. Room was small, beds were old and I was so grossed out. I went to the front desk and explained how disappointed I was and they let me look at a few other rooms they offered--all of them terrible. We stayed put as there was no sense in moving to another awful room and quickly went to bed. When I woke up the next morning there were TWO cockroaches in the bathroom. YUCK! Southern California, I get it, bugs can happen. Every other hotel we stayed at for the rest of the week was so lovely. Very clean, up to date, and well kept. We had a few other family members that stayed in different rooms at this hotel and they were all equally displeased. STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL. It ran me 135 after 12 for parking. We had 3 more rooms reserved at this hotel again for that Sunday but we canceled them immediately. Gross, outdated, smelly, and OVERPRICED. Never again will I stay at this hotel! BUYER BEWARE. Also, when I checked out of the hotel, the man at the desk asked me how everything was. I told him You don't want to know and the didn't have any response...not a sorry, to hear that, nothing..Dear Guest,Thank you for taking the time to complete our online survey regarding your recent stay at our hotel. On behalf of our entire team, I would like to apologize for failing to exceed your expectations. Your satisfaction is important to us and we will be using the feedback you provided to make improvements to ensure we offer an exceptional experience for our guests in the future.I hope that you will consider staying with us again so that we can have another chance to provide you with a superior experience. Sincerely,Laura Benson Operations Manager Quality Suites Mission Valley
We always have stay at Comfort Inn for the last 8 years. We have stayed at this hotel for the last 5 years when we visit San Diego, CA. We have stayed at other hotel but in the end we choose Comfort inn. They have a Great Staff very good Breakfast and they listen to you. Just other GREAT STAY. Because the hotel will make the different in your time of stay.It is honor that you are choosing our hotel for your San Diego stay for last five year. Thank you very much for choosing us. We look forward to accommodate you future stays and keep providing great service as always. Sincerely,Sarika DesaiAssistant General ManagerComfort Suites Mission Valley SeaWorld Area619-881-4000
Nice comfortable motel. Bed was comfortable, room was clean, breakfast was wonderful. Some noise heard through the walls from other tenants, but not a big problem. Costs we're reasonable and we would stay there again given the chance.Dear cewilk2, Thank you for staying with us. We look forward to having you stay with us again soon. Watrm Regards, Laura Benson Comfort Suites MV San Diego CA
I recently stayed at this property as it was listed as a three-diamond under AAA ratings and had bunk beds for my two young children. This hotel is not as nice as advertised. The room I had showed its age as it was looking dirty and worn. I also had one of the worst experiences I have ever had with the hotel personnel and management. Their customer service was very poor. On the second night of our stay the Toilet backed up a around 8:30 P.M. I called the front desk and was told there was no one who could fix it so I could move to another room. I declined this, as it would have taken at least an hour and a half to pack up, move, unpack and set up the room. My children were just going to bed so moving and doing the work would have been quite intrusive. I couldnt believe that they didnt have anyone who could plunge the toiled as this hotel has over 125 rooms. I asked if they had a plunger and the desk person stated he would look. He later called and stated that he couldnt find one. (really) I could use the bathroom six rooms down for the night. I advised that this was unacceptable, as it would be disruptive as the kids would probable get up a couple of times. He stated that no one else was there and the manager didnt answer the phone and he couldnt find the plunger. I went out and purchased a plunger. When I returned it took me all of 30 seconds to have the toilet operating properly.At around 9:00 the next morning I went in and asked to see the manager. She refused to meet with me and advised the employee that she was on a conference call and wouldnt be available to meet until 2:00. I found this to be ludicrous and told the clerk so. I felt like making a scene but didnt as my children were there. When we returned from our day at Seaworld around 5:00 I met with the manager. She told me that it was good customer service to only offer a room change. I advised her of how much work it would that would have caused, and how disruptive it would have been to the young children and that it only took me a few seconds to fix the problem after I went out and bought the plunger. I told her she should be embarrassed about the customer service, she advised that she was proud of it and all of her employees. I asked for information on the ownership of the hotel, or her manager. She only would give me the choice 1-800 number. She actually stated that she didnt have that information. I asked for the name of who hired her she stated herself, I asked if she was the owner. She again would only say she didnt have that information. Earlier I had asked for compensation for the situation she insulting only offered to pay for the plunger. In the room was a card titled commitment to your Satisfaction, It stated states that if youre not satisfied with our accommodations or service, please the front desk know so we can make it right. At this property from the general manager on down they do not follow this policy. They definitely did not make it right.
I recently visited the area for Spring Break. This location was perfect. Close to all of the major attractions (Petco Park, Sea World, SD Zoo, etc). We were very close to the interstate but the location was very quiet. Shopping centers, movie theater, and numerous restaraunts nearby. We had issues checking in and the room type we booked was not available the first night. We were put in a smaller room but we did get a discounted rate for the inconvenience. Breakfast included hot items but they left a bit to be desired but my kids loved the make your own waffles (get there early or prepare to stand in line for quite a while). The outdoor heated pool/hot tub area was nice and well stocked with towels. The rooms were a bit tight (family suites) but they were very clean and the beds were comfortable. There are lots of families that stay here so there was constant noise from children running the corridors so if you are looking for peace and quiet this might not be for you. Overall a nice stay despite a few issues.We are glad that you liked the location of the hotel which is very close to all the attractions, walking distance shopping mall and restaurants. Thank you very much for appreciating heated pool. We very much appreciate and value your feedback and will share it with our team. It is always a pleasure to receive positive feedback.See you when you will visit Sunny San Diego again!!!Sincerely,Sarika DesaiAssistant General ManagerComfort Suites Mission Valley SeaWorld Area619-881-4000
We had two rooms for one night here, just staying over with some family after a college graduation ceremony. It was Memorial weekend, so understandably full of lots of families with younger children. The rooms were clean I appreciate the sheets covering the blanket and the fitted bottom sheet on the bed. Two areas in the room separated by glass doors. Two TV's, wi-fi, small frig and microwave:) Our internet rate was very reasonable for the area, especially considering it was a suite. They do charge 8 for parking most we have stayed at in the Hotel Circle area don't. The downtown hotels in San Diego almost all charge for parking, and charge a lot more. This is a pretty central location to get to all of San Diego's attractions. The breakfast was fairly standard, but is a good convenience to have to get something to eat in the AM before taking off to do touristy things.We sincerely appreciate you taking the time to submit your nice comments about your recent stay with us. We are glad you and your family enjoyed our suites with two separate living/sleeping areas and all their standard extra features. A survey of competing hotels in our immediate area found most do have a parking charge as we do, but we feel our competitive rates, unique room suites, and central location more than offset this. It is nice to know you enjoyed our free breakfast buffet. We are constantly adding new items and try to offer changing daily selections. Many of our guests also like that they can choose to eat in the breakfast room or on the adjoining patio overlooking the pool. We hope you had the opportunity to enjoy both and that you will choose to say with us again on your next visit. Sincerely, Elizabeth Ming, General Manager
The service was great. I was there for the weekend to get away. This is my second time staying there. I love the spilt rooms. I would reccomend this hotel to all my friends. I live in San Diego and I choose them because of the service and its very quite.Dear GuestIt is nice to know that you enjoy our two room suite evry time you visit us which always is a great value along with the quiet rooms, great location and complementary hot breakfast buffet. We appreciate that you recommend us to all your family and friends.Thank you for taking the time to complete our online survey regarding your recent stay at our hotel.We very much appreciate and value your feedback and will share it with our team. Your comments will serve as encouragement to all of our staff as we strive to continuously improve the quality of our services to provide an exceptional experience for our guests. It is always a pleasure to receive positive recommendation.Thank you again for sharing your experience, and we hope your next visit will be even more pleasant than the previous one.Sincerely,Sarika DesaiAssistant General ManagerComfort Suites Mission Valley SeaWorld Area619-881-4000
good, clean and convenient, price was right,personnel very accommodating--a little hard to find some places due to no signage--would go again--food was very good at breakfast and service excellent. would ck out ref. before if needed..ours wasn't connected and didn't work when connected..but we had a cooler.Dear GuestThank you for taking the time to complete our online survey regarding your recent stay at our hotel. We are very glad that you enjoyed our clean rooms, hot breakfast buffet, convenient location. It is a pleasure to know that you found our customer service and price excellent. We very much appreciate and value your feedback and will share it with our team. Your survey responses will serve as encouragement to all of our staff as we strive to continuously improve the quality of our services to provide an exceptional experience for our guests. It is always a pleasure to receive positive feedback.See you again when you will visit sunny San Diego!!Sincerely,Sarika DesaiAssistant General ManagerComfort Suites Mission Valley SeaWorld Area619-881-4000
I recently stay at this hotel the weekend before Thanksgiving, and I had a few problems. I believe the best way for a hotel to do better is to let them know whats wrong. Overall I thought the hotel was nice and the staff was very helpful and this is good. There were a few hiccups, but I would probably stay again. (only if they fix the problems below)When I arrived Saturday afternoon, after my 4 hour drive, I really wanted to sit in the hot tub. I was told that it was not open due to some maintenance that needed to be done on both the pool and hot tub. I then tried to go into the hot tub the next morning and again was told it was not open and that it might be open later in the afternoon. I came back Sunday evening and it was raining, but the hot tub was finally open. So I sat in there while the rain came down and hit my face (not good and not long). Next I noticed the hotel had very nice flat screen T.V.'s in all the rooms that my family occupied. There was also HBO booklets next to the T.V.'s....only one problem. They did not have HBO or premium channels until the following weekend.. So I had to sit in a room with basic cable and no HBO or even the FX or History Channel. The breakfast was ok, but after the 2nd day I ate off site. The eggs were really watery and the sausage was as dry as beef jerky. The Orange Juice machine seemed to get worse each day, and on my third day it was like orange water. The elevator was extremely slow, and I think I could have walked up to my third floor faster. The elevators needed to be faster.
This hotel is located in the Hotel circle area of San Diego. Please note being a San Diego resident, this hotel is not close to the downtown / gaslamp area or tourist attractions of San Diego. You are a good 15 / 20 minute cab ride to downtown. Most people stay at these hotels to be near the shopping malls. You will need a car to get around out here, the freeways around hotel circle are all over the place.The room itself is clean and big, but a little dated and the old wooden furniture could use a change, but understand that this hotel is more towards the budget end of hotels in San Diego, so its very decent for the price and surround by other hotels with a La Quinta property right next door.The breakfast is your average one with choices of bread, muffins and some scrambled eggs and sausage, coffee, or make yourself a waffle and some yogurts are available.The bed was pretty comfortable and i felt safe in my room and could not hear any noise from the neighbors. It's also nice you have a lounge area in your room to watch tv and relax and be away from the bedroom. The room also has a fridge and a microwave in them.Overall this is a good location if you need to be in Mission valley.Dear Guest,Thank you very much for leaving our property positive feedback on your recent stay with us. I am very glad to hear you enjoy our suites and all amenties we have to offer. Our central location to all major attractions is a plus but for some it is about 20 minutes out, which i think is still not to bad. Our Hotel recently changed names from Comfort Suites to Quality Suites. In doing so most items in the bed rooms have been replaced with new products from bedding, mattresses and a few others. Between now and March 2015 we should have all renovations complete. We hope to have you visit us again in the near future. Thank you again for the great feedback! Warm Regards,Laura BensonOperations Mananger619-881-4004
We have just finished our trip here and all was perfect for my family (we have two children of 4 and 5 years old). We chose a king suite. The king bed was really comfortable. The room is tiny but there is so much to do in San Diego that we did not have to stay in the room other than to sleep. Perfect breakfast. Perfect pool and hot tub. Clean. The only negative point is that the hotel is not really eco friendly... plastic glass, plastic utensils....Well situated (need a car).Dear Marie - Wow! What a wonderful review, we truly appreciate your business and your trust in us. I am very happy to hear that you and your family enjoyed your stay with us and also enjoyed our complimentary deluxe hot breakfast. We look forward to welcoming you back to the hotel in the near future. Take care! :)
We stayed here for one night with our 2 young kids. As mentioned in other reviews, some of the suites are quite small, although some of that is probably just due to having a divider in the middle of the two parts. It was nice having a divider between us and the kids, even if it was just a clear door. The one suggestion I would make to improve the property would be to have either clouded glass or curtains over the glass part of the doors so that they're not completely transparent. That way you can still watch TV after the kids have gone to bed without worrying about waking them up.While the rooms show some use, the property has been kept up well. The pool was clean and heated and there are some nice areas for eating outside in the perfect San Diego weather. The hotel is about 10 minutes from Sea World, Mission Bay, and downtown,so its a quick jump to everywhere, although the downside is that nowhere is within walking distance. The best part of the hotel was the staff. They were very accommodating when we requested a crib for the room and, after we left one of our phone chargers, they went to our room and called us when they had found it. Service like that is what makes this hotel go from just average to very good.Overall, this hotel is a solid choice, as long as you don't mind driving to the local attractions. Also, just as a tip, there's a parking fee for parking in the lot, however, you can park on the steet for free, as long as you can find a spot.Thank you for taking the time to complete our online survey regarding your recent stay at our hotel.Your feedback is very important to us and we can assure you that we will use this information to do everything possible to create an enjoyable experience for each of our guests. We hope to see you again soon!Sincerely,Art CollantesGeneral ManagerComfort Suites Mission Valley(619)-881-4000
It looks decent from the outside but the rooms are dingy and dirty. We were on the second floor and heard EVERY step the people took above us! We also woke up to water under the sink seeping onto the bathroom floor! We gave it a try but we are moving on to another hotel today! DISAPPOINTEDWe are extremely sorry that our suites was not up to your expectations. Usually people who had stayed in the area do find our room more spacious and Comfortable compare to other hotels in the area and especially find good valued suites. They find it is indulging that they have 2 rooms with 2 TVs microwave and fridge. Our beautiful tropical landscaping is very favorite with guest and we have happy repeat guests. Sorry we could not surpass your expectations.We hope that after staying with other hotel may be you will find good value in our hotel and consider staying with us again, so that we can have another chance to provide you with a superior experience. Sincerely,Sarika DesaiAssistant General ManagerComfort Suites Mission Valley SeaWorld Area619-881-4000
The staff was the other best thing about this hotel. They were very friendly and efficient, getting our keys replaced (twice), killing the ants eating my birthday cake and clearing the stopped up toilet.This is an older hotel, but the price is reasonable, it was clean and it has a great location near downtown and a mega shopping center. The rooms have some wear, but were roomy with a bedroom and sitting room. There was also free wi-fi, breakfast, computer room, refrigerator, micro and pool. Parking was 12. per night.Nice place if you're not too picky and can keep a sense of humor.Dear guest,Thank you for taking the time to share your comments regarding your resent stay with us. We are so glad to hear we were able to meet your needs and expectations. looking forward to seeing you back again soon. thank you again for your wonderful comments. )Kind regards,Laura Benson
Two and 1/2 blocks to Union Square, two blocks to San Francisco Shopping Center and BART two blocks to the Cable Car line a good location for shopping and sightseeing. Smallish room--tastefully appointed with touches I've seen in high-end hotels--was cozy and comfortable. It's in the heart of downtown, so we expected to hear city sounds from the room, but we slept well and comfortably in a room overlooking the street. The crowning grace, though, was the excellent and helpful staff. We forgot to make dinner reservations and was out shopping, but a call to the concierge got us an 8pm table on Saturday night in a highly-rated restaurant. The front desk staff was uniformly friendly, interested in helping us enjoy our stay, and full of useful not-in-the-guidebooks information. We'd return to the hotel without hesitation.
Location of hotel was walking distance to AT T park, and walking distance to local transportation and shops. Staff was very friendly and helpful, Rooms, were clean and comfortable, ours was a little on the small size but comfortable.
Front desk has an excellent customer service, good price for a downtown hotel which is near to all restaurants and shops. Great staff however room is really small and you can hear next door. No views
I understand that it is quite likely a great improvement over years past, however the refresh is superficial only. The floors still creak and were bowed and the climate control is minimal. The provided window air conditioner has not been serviced in some time and the air was not cool. I'm also concerned that the shampoo, shower gel and conditioner are not properly secured. I feel like someone had contaminated the shampoo, as it had a terrible smell, which unfortunately I did not discover until after I had it in my hair. The attached restaurant is well above average for the area and is the only redeeming quality in my opinion. The restaurant hours could be improved for in-house guestsHello fastboxter, please accept my sincere apology if we failed your standards during your stay. Our goal is make sure that guest experience is satisfactory and enjoyable. I have shared your comment with department managers in charge so we can improve and make the necessary changes. Thank you for bringing this matter to our attention.
Great location! Within steps to shopping and restaurants. We had a problem with our coffee maker but it was quickly replaced. Only negative thing about our stay was the valet rate was pricey but I guess that's the norm for San Francisco.Greetings 763christinap, thank you for giving us a 5 star rating. We are pleased to know that your shopping trip and stay at the Abri was successful. Stay vibrant!
Our room was extremely cramped and the hotel is in need of TLC. I can tell that the hotel is making serious strides towards improvement and the staff is seriously the highlight of the entire stay. They are wonderful and made us feel welcome during our entire stay. Besides the cleanliness factor in both the room and common areas, my biggest complaint is the bathroom has no countertop space. I love my toiletries and styling products and there was no place to put either. I ended up almost catching the room on fire because there is no counter space or even an edge of the sink in which to put my curling iron. I dropped my curling iron several times on the floor and it fell into the toilet at one point (hence the sparks and almost fire).Hi Ms. Adena B, I am sorry to hear that the room you stayed at was a little small for you. Please know for future stay that if you book direct with us, we can give you a complimentary upgrade to one of our urban suites (based on availability). We value your feedback and hoped that we can make it up to you in the near future. Stay vibrant!
I have stayed at all the big hotels in the Union Square (Westin, Hyatt, Hilton, etc ) and a number of boutique offerings as well. This may be my favorite one. The valueIs by far the best in the area. The staff are all very friendly and helpful and the vibe is casual/chic. Huge thumbs up!
A wonderful hotel in a great location. The staff at the hotel go beyond the call of duty to be helpful. The rooms are small but very well equipped. The beds are very comfortable. This hotel is a real gem and I can highly recommend it.
The hotel was very clean. The staff are all nice . Situated very near shopping malls restaurants. They have great deals you can avail at an affordable price. We had a spacious room with a king bed and a sofa bed and 2 flat TV sets. There was plenty of space to roam around. Hello MariaLorenaR, thank you giving us a 5 star rating. We are delighted to know that we were able to meet your expectations. Please come and see us again in the near future! Stay vibrant!
We stayed at the Monticello Inn for Labor Day weekend. We were 2 couples each with our own room. Upon arrival we were promptly attended to and checked in quickly. Vallet took our vehicle and we headed up to our room. The street it is located on is (Ellis) runs into Powell which is the main street the Trolleys run up and down. This hotel is located in Union Square, your really are in the middle of a great shopping center! Each side you walk you've got shops Adidas, Puma, Bloomingdale's, etc etc! A+ for Location!Once we entered our room, the only negative thing about this whole expreience was the smell of Freshly baked Subway Bread! Ha ha, I believe because of the way the hotel is built the center subway is one level with it's vents on there roof, there roof is also the first floor of the 5 story or so hotel, so it vents into the shaft of sorts and straight into your a/c unit. Big woop! Seeing as we don't like to hibernate in our room when this city is alive, it didn't bother us one bit, except when you woke up in the morning crazy a sandwhich (he he). We reserved a one Bedroom Suite. Upon entering it we were surprised to see how roomy it was. You first enter a living room with a miniature refrigerator, big enough to fit a 2-liter and some can drinks. The Tv is a good sized tv, everything is clean and neat. The couch is comfy as well as the Chair. They have these gorgeous Bay windows with seats built all around it so you can absorb the light if you so choose, cause there isn't much of a view! The bedroom is completley seperate from the living room, there is a door that divides it ( not too common with suites) The decor is exactly as it appears on the website, the stripes look overbearing at first but they are not I assure you! The bed was very comfterble, the sheets where clean. It was very pleasant. The bathroom had a Shower tub Combo, clean as well, no rust or grime build up. This room was a perfect gathering space for us and our friends, seeing as they had gotten a standard room I did look at it and it was very spacious as well. Enjoy the Pictures and the hotel, it is in an incredible location!
I always have a free bed in SF, so paying for a hotel bed seems odd, but I was here on business. If you've already committed to spend SF hotel money to stay near attractions, this isn't a bad spend.Pros: location - the Powell St. cable car ends two blocks away from you on the opposite corner of the block of buildings you would be in. Theaters and museums are mere blocks away. Bed - my goodness was this bed comfortable. I don't sleep well on most hotel mattresses, but I did here - which is good because I was here for a week! Wifi - complimentary and pretty good from my room. They have accessible rooms - which oddly enough I got, though I don't need it. Refrigerator in the room! Victory for me. I have medical needs for one, hate shelling out extra, and it is also convenient for keeping fresh fruit and other items cool so I don't have to shell out for the overpriced, less-than-great breakfasts nearby. Individual climate control - it does actually get hot in SF on occasion. The air conditioning did its job.Cons: location - there is a nightclub across the street and these windows don't appear to be double-glazed! They DO have ear plugs in the rooms and I was asked at check in if I needed a street-side or interior room. I was not facing the nightclub, but still got noise when the restaurant downstairs took out the trash at late/early hours. Age. This property IS renovated, but its age shows in spots, like in the wiring that's on the wall instead of behind it and closets that are ridiculously small. Air conditioning is by unit in the window. Some people don't like this (I do). Housekeeping: they didn't seem to want to replace things in the bathroom (i.e. washcloths, not soap) and the toilets are dual flush. Even full flush doesn't... um... always do the job. Ahem. Also, the panhandlers will be waiting for you. Don't head west on some of the nearby streets (esp Eddy). That is the Tenderloin. If you are looking for what the Tenderloin has to offer, well, then go ahead.The list of cons is longer, but I find fault easily - take it for what its worth. There is a popular restaurant attached to the hotel. I did not eat there (spendy), but it attracted a solid crowd in a neighborhood with a lot of competition. There are, of course, a ton of delicious places nearby and it is also around the same corner to the Powell St. Muni/Bart stations. If I came to SF for business again, I would consider staying here eventhough my worksite was not nearby.
The Abri is a nice boutique hotel. The location of the hotel is excellent. A couple blocks from Market St. I stayed during the Salesforce conference and I was happy to be in a quieter property that was close to all the major venues. The only very minor negative is the rooms were slightly on the smaller side. Or at least the room I had was. But the room was nicely appointed and it was similar to a hotel room you would get in Europe. Room size for me was entirely acceptable and did not make my stay any less comfortable. I would absolutely stay there again as I prefer boutique hotels versus the large chains. It's a nicely run and comfortable property.
We came into the city to celebrate our 25th Anniversary and stayed at the Hotel Abri. We both thought it was wonderful! Great location, great room, fantastic service with attention to detail!
My husband and I stayed six nights of their deluxe double room. This hotel was super convenient. Turn right within five minutes walk is the cable car and all the famous U.S. department stores, like Bloomingdale and Norstrom which are inside the big Westfield shopping mall, Walgreen, the supermarket is just in the neighbouhood. There is a Chinese restaurant and a Sushi place just cross the road. I love the bed in Hotel Abri, there were four medium size pillows on it and the bed was very comfortable. The room was very small but everything was in it, also the bathroom was very small, too. The air-condiitioning was the old-fashioned window ones, very noisy. It depends on what you are looking for, for location, this should be a good choice, everything is within walking distance and there is no need to rent a car because parking is very expensive in downtown San Francisco, valet parking in this hotel cost you US50 a day!The elevator was a bit scary, recommended to hold 4 persons! I saw some people choose to use the stairs. All the staffs were very friendly. There was free Wifi but it also depends what time, at night it is super-slow. My room was very quiet because I read the comments before booking this hotel, make sure you ask for the interior room and higher floors. There was a funny smell in the hallway but not inside the room. All in all, I think this hotel worth the money and if I want to stay in San Francisco downtown, I would surely book Hotel Abri again.
I came in for a wedding and wanted to be in the heart of it all. It is a beautiful place and I shall return. The hotel was pricey for the amount of space and amenities but the I enjoyed everything else. Will return for a longer stay with friends to explore more and do more!
We booked this hotel through priceline several years ago and got a fantastic deal - around 70/night. It's small and a bit faded but it had charm and the location is fantastic. It's a lot more fun than paying the same price or more to stay at a motor lodge on Lombard street.
From the door service man to the front desk personnel to the maid service, ALL is excellent customer service at this Hotel Abri in San Francisco. All the employees are very kind and friendly, and are willing to do everything to make you happy. I spoke with the manager as well, and he was very kind and willing to talk to us to make sure we had an excellent stay. If I ever get back to San Francisco, I will stay at the Hotel Abri again. It's in a great location 1 block from Union Square.
The location and price of this hotel were exactly what we wanted...1 block from the BART and 2 blocks from Union Square. The hotel is very well managed, clean, and comfortable. Great showers and comfortable beds. We weren't in the hotel much as we were on a vacation and were busy running around but we looked forward to coming home to our hotel each night and finding dinner at all the local restaurants. It's centrally located to everything you'll want to see. We're very frugal people so we vetted many, many hotels. And finally settled on this one. So glad we did! Anytime we go back to San Francisco (which now we want to make a regular thing out of it) we want to stay at Hotel Abri. We even looked into their enrollment program to earn free nights...and we never do that. When we were initially debating whether to stay in the Fisherman's Wharf area or Union Square, we ultimately decided we wanted to be in the city...not a tourist attraction, so we went with Union Square. It was great to visit touristy areas but come back to local life. That said, Union Square is a huge shopping mecca so you could argue that its a commercial area. But the vibe feel much more local. This hotel is like staying Union Square in NY versus sleeping in Time Square...exactly how we wanted to experience San Fran.
The hotel is in a good location and the restaurant had excellent food. Rooms are a bit on the small side, but still very comfy and adequate for my needs. It was clean and the staff was very nice and helpful. It's a great hotel for nonsmokers, but would not recommend it for smokers as there are no outdoor facilities and the location makes it nearly impossible to accommodate.
Great hotel in the middle of everything San Francisco. I walked to world class dining and shopping. A couple of blocks from Chinatown and around the corner was the cable car, municipal buses, and the BART. I parked my car with the valet and didn't use it again until I checked out.The staff was genuine, friendly, and helpful. Sitting in the lobby with coffee and the morning paper was a joy.I want to know how and why the hotel smells like cookies, except in my room, which smelled fresh and clean.It was fun and restful, a hard combination to achieve.
Stayed as part of our honeymoon trip for 3 nights. Checked about 10pm, wasnt the most friendly of greetings but hey. Had requested a high floor room, would have been nice to be wished a happy honeymoon but never mind. Asked when checking in if we had to pay for a safe or if it was in the room as we had a lot of flight tickets, money, credit cards, passports, iPads etc with it being a long trip, told it was in the room. Got to the room, no safe, rang down and spoke to the guy who checked us in who said oh yeah there is no safe in that room, a bit exhausting after a long flight from NY. Moved rooms which was fine, a bit small so no space for our luggage but a good spacious bathroom and the room was modern and clean. Reception staff quite disappointing, I have worked in hospitality and it wouldnt take much to say:- youve obviously just arrived, do you need help with eating tonight - we had never been to the city and being 10pm at night were unsure of where to go- we dont serve breakfast, do you need some recommendations- (when checking out with 4 suitcases) do you need a taxiNot much of an effort to help make our stay a little easierGood location, nice hotel, few niggles let it down
Good location. Excellent staff. The customer service is the reason to stay here. The restaurant doesn't serve breakfast, which was a draw back. But there are several good breakfast places in the area.Hello C4063RCerikag, thank you for staying at the Hotel Abri and for giving us a 4 star rating. We appreciate your time to write about your stay with us and hope that you will visit us again in the near future. Stay vibrant!
The hotel Abri is a hotel that has been renovated very well. The building itself is old but the inside is modern and decorated in a boutique style.I booked this hotel based on the reviews on trip advisor and the location. We were staying in SFR for 3 days so wanted to be close to Union Square, which we were. The hotel room we booked was a suite as we travelled with 2 children. The room was fine, clean, modern. Slightly small, but we were in the room very little so it wasnt a priority for us.The staff at the hotel are friendly and very helpful. Ruben will get anything done for you and always with a smile. It does make the difference to be greeted by name and have happy and helpful hotel staff around you.The hotel has a restaurante and bar attached to it... Open to the public and with a good italian/american menu and an excellent atmosphere.There are 3 things that are worth mentioning I think:1. The hotel only has 5 floors so you will hear plenty of street noise etc.2. The windows are small and the aircon/fan units are noisy. Although we didnt really need them very much.3. There is no breakfast available during the week, but there is room service available from 11am onwards. (there are great breakfast places very close to the hotel - Masons was excellent)
For San Francisco prices, the Hotel Abri was excellent....friendly people, clean and nicely appointed rooms with an EXCELLENT location. Lots of entertainment and restaurants in walking distance. I recommend this hotel without reservation.
Was travelling down to San Francisco on business and booked two hotel rooms at the last minute - all paid and confirmed...or so we thought. We showed up in a rush between meetings and the front desk informed us that we didn't have rooms any more because the people staying in our rooms had extended their stay! Hotel was supposed to find us rooms elsewhere but we ended up scrambling to find two other rooms. Disappointed as we always like to try and find the hidden jewel but this time we certainly found something else. Guess squatters rights still exist in San Francisco!Dear Nathan M-Let me first say that I appreciate you taking the time to provide feedback following your recent experience with us. Secondly, let me apologize and say that I wish that we were able to have accomodated you and your colleague at the Hotel Abri. Not being able to honor a reservation for a guest is the least desireable and most difficult situation for the hotel as well as the guest. We had a group of rooms extend that caused us a bit of a situation. I believe that when you arrived we were in the middle of securing accomodations for you at a neighboring hotel, but I understand how disappointing this was as you had already picked the Abri and we were unable to welcome you in the way we wish we could have. I hope that when your travels return you to San Francisco, you will give us a second chance. Please feel free to contact me or the hotel directly for future reservations, as we have a lowest rate guarantee, and always offer the lowest rate available thru any booking channel. Thanks again for your feedback!Yours in hospitality-Rob BrehantGeneral Managerrob.brehantmetwestterra.com
It was amazing to visit San Francisco at Hotel Abri in the fall and enjoy the fantastic room, shopping, convention, restaurants and hospitality, for its price its like finding a treasure The hotel is an excellent one and we have experienced a nice time. Every time we entered the hotel, we were greeted with a homely reception. This was our first Abri experience and we were very impressed with the room, hotel and your staff. Indy Shrestha, hotel Manager was incredible and went above and beyond the customer service level. After long days and nights it was truly a joy to come back to the comfort of the room. Definitely, we will be back again.
Our stay was good though not without issues. We found first a very small room one that fits a lonely kid. Then it was changed to a larger one, which yet was too small for a couple. Then we changed the third time - this time we received a comfortable suit. Overall, the hotel is old a far from meeting standards of current architecture and design. This has to do with everything, from bed to lights, from toilet to size. Staff was very friendly and helpful and tried the best to fulfill our (rather modest) requests.
Positives: around the corner from the Hyde-Powell cable car turnaround, although the lines can be lone there. Great happy hour at the hotel bar, best deals on Monday and Tuesday with a terrific bar staff. Walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf and ATT Park.Negatives: dated rooms, moldy bathroooms, limited storage, noisy on occasion, missed wake up calls, car valet delays.
We felt very welcome when we arrived. The room was way to small. Probably won't stay at this location again because of the room size. Also the water pressure in the shower was awful. Felt like the price didn't match what we recieved. The staff was exceptional and very helpful.
My mother and I came to San Francisco for vacation and enjoyed our four night stay at the hotel. The staff were all very friendly and we appreciated the welcome bag with water snacks and red wine. The room was small and the bathroom very tiny but the beds were comfortable and everything was clean. Decor of the hotel was nice and the location was perfect, close to lots of shopping, cable car rides and attractions. We did not eat in the restaurant even though they gave us dining vouchers because we did not find the menu appealing Greetings SGCanda84, thank you for giving us a 4 star rating. We are glad to know that your stay with us was comfortable. We value your opinion so I've shared your comment with the restaurant managers so they can revisit our current menu. Thank you for staying at the Hotel Abri. please come and see us again in the near future. Stay vibrant!
A lovely hotel and in a great central location just a few minutes walk from Union Square and close to the Cable Cars. The rooms very clean and the shower you could have fitted at least 4 people in it. We will definatley stay there again next time we visit San Fran.
My husband and I stayed 4 nights in an upgraded King size room, with a living room, which was comfortable and perfect! We had a great rate, and the hotel is in the perfect location for the theatre, shopping, cable car, and hopping on the train to get just about anywhere. I can't say enough about the front desk staff, who were so helpful and friendly. They provided great tourist tips, and even went out of their way to find us tickets to a sold out concert. Hotel Albri was absolutely perfect, and if we are back in SF, we will definitely stay there again.
Cute suits sneakers outfits on the staff and the front desk! Very cheerful housekeeping folks (I hope they're union /or paid well with good bennies pensions!). Very comfortable beds with heaps of pillows. A good amount of space in the bathroom and bedroom. Location is extremely convenient. They offered a choice between a room on the street and a quiet room. The quiet room was very quiet indeed.Nice quality bath supplies, although they didn't always replace stuff when I used it up. Towels definitely fluffy, and I liked the bathrobes they provided. Only weak spots were TV (few channels, not great reception) and the wireless, although free (a must in any reasonable hotel) it is spotty.
I travel often to San Francisco (1-2 times a month) and while recently planning on going with my friends for a vacation I booked at Hotel Abri. Trying to save money, I found a decent deal for a hotel that had good reviews here. While not going into further detail, but noting that I had difficulty in checking-in due to housekeeping being short-staffed, there was much issue.The BIGGEST issue I had here was with getting spider bites from sleeping on the sofa bed. After showing the front desk, and after their inspection came out negative, they moved me rooms, but that was it. I still haven't heard back from a manager and was not offered any sort of compensation.I would suggest not going cheap and staying at the Parc 55 across the street.Dear Luke H.,Thank you for your time and for providing us with the details of your experience while staying with us at Hotel AbRi, I want to let you know that I am aware of the multiple interactions/communications with you regarding your check in, stay and insect bites, I want to assure you again that we have followed up with the staff and pest control teams with the same procedures as we communicated to you at the end of your stay that there was no evidence of pests in the room, after our professional vendor inspected and treated the room, we also provided you with the findings and communication. I want to again formally apologize to you and your guests for the multiple interactions and confusion regarding the check in, as our check in time is 3:00pm, however we always try to accommodate guests requests, and our goal is to exceed each one of our guests requests and expectations, but unfortunately due to the high occupancy and number of guests, we were sold out the night before and also on the day of your arrival the requests are challenging to grant as our check out time is 12 noon. Also our apologies for the confusion on your reservation made by the third party which provided you with a One deluxe room with double double beds, not a two bedroom room, as stated, our front desk team did upgrade you to one of our Urban Suites to provide you with more space and a better stay for you and your guests. I am very sorry that even with the steps we took to upgrade your room type we failed to provide you a great stay, as this situation does not reflect our Hotel AbRis core values, style or caring approach, we totally understand your point of view, but we would like to let you know that our teams are diligently working with our third party partners to resolve these type of situations, so it would not affect other guests as it affected you. However this is not an excuse for the actions or scenario you described, during your stay we really tried to provide you with all the upgraded amenities our Urban welcome provides, but as we can see we fail on the communication and we will work on getting better. I can assure you that the sequences of events you have presented are not in any way, our teams guest service standards or company goals. I want you to know our leadership and service team have followed the procedures as we are truly concern and sadden by the details of your experience, and we want to again apologize on this format as we have done for the past days during communications with you. I would like to request from you another opportunity to further discuss and try to turn this situation from a negative experience to a positive, as we value our guests feedback. Please feel free to contact me directly at 415-392-8800, we are anxious to show you the caring, casual and family atmosphere we promote in our Hotel. Thank you again for your feedback and I look forward to speaking with you. Have a great day!EJ Varela Hotel Manager
A lot of ventilation noise, it's impossible to sleep even the closed window ... In addition, it is necessary to know that it's the second year when we come and when we have the same chamber. It's unacceptable !! Look at the photo :Hello Axetoni11, please accept my sincerest apology if your stay with us was not acceptable. Please know that we appreciate your business and hoped that you booked with us directly so that we can give you a complimentary upgrade to one of our urban suite (based on availability). The front desk staff are also available to help you find a better room (interior/quiet) if the one we gave you was not up to your standard. Again, I apologize and hope that you'll give us another chance in the near future. Thank you for your feedback.
Great little hotel in the center of SF. Very close to stores, public transportation (F line to the Wharf), cable cars. Tiny but nice rooms, friendly staff. Negatives: - outrageous parking price (50/night valet) - no gym (it is really small)
Staff was nice and professional. They held our luggage while my fiance and I explored the city. The lady at the front desk recommended Cafe Mason for breakfast and it was delicious. Room was average. Bed was very comfortable like sleeping on a cloud. Our room was facing the night club so it was noisy making it hard to sleep. Other than that, I would recommend staying here.
The hotel was nice and it was in a great location. Our room experienced a little outside noise due to the restaurant below, but the hotel staff was very apologetic. The train station and trolley is right around the corner. They don't give very good written directions if you want them, they tell you where something is and you just hope you don't forget what they said. Overall, very happy with our stay.Dear Shoney75,Thank you very much for your valuable feedback. I am thrilled that you had an enjoyable stay with us. We are always excited and eager to make recommendations for guests when exploring the city, but I do apologize for the lack of written directions throughout your excursions. I have shared your experience with our staff and we will make sure to be as thorough as possible in the future. We hope to welcome you back to the Hotel Abri when your travels return you to the vibrant city of San Francisco!Yours in hospitality,Rob Brehant, General Manager, on behalf of the entire Abri Team
For what we got it was pretty expensive, although it seems all hotels in the area were pretty expensive. The room was very cramped with very little space besides the bed. The room also smelled weird and the staff were not helpful with respect to that. They gave a welcome bag with a bottle of cheap sangria, a small bag of chips, and some water bottles. The lobby has a couple of computers and some tea/coffee.Location of the hotel is pretty good - right near a big mall, the cable cars, subways/buses, and not too far from various attractions. Nice area to walk around in too.Dear slimmybim,Thank you for your time and honest feedback about your stay with us at Hotel AbRi. I am genuinely sorry to read about your disappointment with our guests rooms, specifically regarding the size, smell, and the welcome amenities provided as it seemed that our accommodations were not comfortable for your needs and no value added was provided to you during your stay also I am truly sadden to hear that our gift bag and selections were not well received, our sincere apologies, as we provide about 60 gift bags per day and we update our amenities every month with different themes and varietals, we wish you had informed us of your disappointment with the choice of sangria, so we could have addressed on site, as we have a great partnership with Local Small Vineyards and the relationship is very strong to provide our guests with the best possible experience.We are a currently following up with our housekeeping department on the strange smell, so we can ensure this situation will not surface in the near future. While the building structure is a historical building from 1907, and still maintains many of the architecturally historic qualities from the early 20th century including the interior corridors and original room layout, we are very proud of the overall quality, furniture and modern condition of our property. However this is not an excuse to justify your experience during your stay, we tried to provide you with all the amenities our property has to offer, but as we can see we fail on the delivery. I would like the opportunity to further discuss the details and concerns. Please feel free to contact me directly at 415-392-8800. Thank you again for your time and I look forward to speaking with you. EJ Varela - Hotel Manager
I am regular visitor to SF and this was my first stay in Hotel Abri, I used to stay in the nearby Marriott. Overall, I am highly satisfied with my stay, would recommend it and will certainly come back again. The hotel is very well positioned in the city, close to the large shopping center and quick access to major city landmarks. The rooms are decent size particularly when you consider you are in the downtown core of San Francisco. I had a king size suite, very comfortable, clean, and a well appointed interior. The suite was located internally, away from the busy street which made it very quiet. The hotel staff was very professional, attentive to my requests, and I would like to to thank Christian, Nabih, front desk personnel and everyone else for making my stay at Hotel Abri very enjoyable experience.
Fantastic visit from New Orleans for my wife and I. All staff members were terrific and provided genuine care in each interaction. PP was full of flavor, and lead by a great team. I HIGHLY recommend.
I was so pleased when I saw the location and the facilities, however I never knew whether there was a work out room, or what or where any of the amenities were. The front desk people always seemed like they didn't know whether or not to welcome me. We called the front desk one day because the dvd player wasn't working. They didn't send anyone, so I finally went downstairs after thirty minute's to find someone, and it was the doorman that called the maintenance man for me. He came and helped, but could never fix it, so we thought it was our DVD. We spent the last day of our trip traveling back to where we made the purchase, only to find that it was the hotel's dvd player. So we wasted the entire last day of our trip. So I would say that the service was really lacking, but I loved the building and location and price.
Excellent hotel near Union Square. Easy access to other city attractions.Very easy to get almost anywhere in San Francisco from this location. Accommodations are affordable and very comfortable. Highly recommended!
Stayed for a long weekend. This place is great. It is steps from the cable car turn around, great shopping, and excellent restaurants!! We had a little suite with a separate sitting room and a pull out couch. We faced inside and it was quiet!! Hotel staff was all so nice and always asking if you needed anything. Quick with extra towels, etc. can't say enough to about this location!!! Full size shampoo/conditioner/shower gel in shower. Great restaurant attached to the hotel. We also revived a little bag upon Checkin with two bottle of voss water, some snacks and a bottle of wine. Everything we needed to get settled! Valet was available for 60 a day (comparable to others in the area) we parked the car and used public transportation the entire weekend. I would have no problems recommended! I'd stay here again in a heartbeat!
Loud street noise wasn't quite drowned out by the droning AC unit. Good thing I sleep like the dead or I would have been dead tired. Maid service was excellent staff very friendly and helpful. Convenient location.
Good price and location, noisy for those who look for calm nights, room was too small even for me alone ...but overall I like the place..wifi connection for free which is good, you are right by union square and all shops... you can reach by public transport - no need for taxi
What a great stay!!!! This hotel is extremely well located, near Union Square, Bart, Bus stops and major shopping areas. Room was very clean and with a modern decoration. Bathroom very spacious At our arrival, we were upgraded because it was our anniversary and there was even a bottle of wine compliments of the hotel waiting in our room. But service was SUPERB!!!. Front desk staff was more than Helpfull, specially ELLE, she was great, even helped us to get last minute tickets to see Placido Domingo at the Opera. Complimentary coffe at the room and the one offered at the lobby very good! This was my third visit to San Francisco this year, and this hotel was by far the most enjoyable. Now I found our Boutique hotel in SF, definitively coming back again.!!!!
From the moment I arrived, I received superior customer service from the person who opened the door to the hotel to the front desk staff and that never changed. I requested a quiet room, so they put me in one that faced a brick wall to another building, but this was far superior to not being able to sleep due to street noise as other reviewers mentioned. The room was nice, clean and quaint. Comfy bed. Free WiFi, which worked well. Free coffee tea. The location was perfect for my needs - I was on business attending a conference two blocks down (Moscone Center area). And, there were some great restaurants nearby too. I'd definitely stay again!
Our family of 4 stayed for two nights after Xmas. Pros: good room size, convenient location (close to cable car terminal muni), reasonable price. Cons: street noise (garbage trucks were heard for a long time during the night), upstair noise (footsteps, probably due to the age of the building), and not so warm front desk.
You just walk out and experience San Fransisco. Loved the hospitality of the staff.Especially the younger guy (sorry, forgot your name). Very interested in his guests and tries to transpose in situations. If you read this, hope you still love the love the house and techno music :)
Excellent location very close to all public transportation with cable car just around the corner, shopping mall just a few minutes walk away and all sorts of restaurants in walking distances from the hotel. Very nice and helpful staff.Hello Gunnaro862, thank you for giving us a 5 star rating. We are happy to know that we met your needs and expectations. Come visit us again in the near future. Stay vibrant!
The staff alone was cool and accomodating enough to make me want to stay there every time I return. The location was very central to lots of great shopping and restaurants. The room was clean and comfortable. No complaints!
I love this hotel and its location. Our room which I requested to be located away from the street was honored with no problems. Jonathan who checked us in was wonderful! In learning we were return visitors and celebrating our 18th wedding anniversary, he graciously upgraded us to a larger room. The room was comfy, cozy and the bed was sooo comfortable, Slept like a baby. EVERY ONE of the hotel staff displayed wonderful hospitality to us during our 4 day stay. My only wish, is a shower with more pressure.You could not ask for a better location or a great staff and rooms. We will be back!!!
From the moment we were greeted by the doorman and the staff at check-in, everyone went out of their way to make sure we were taken care of. They provided parking options (60 for on-site valet), presented us with a welcome bag full of treats. They were even able to accommodate an early check-in. The location is fabulous. We chose Hotel Abri because it was over 100 less than a place across the street. I couldn't have been more pleased. I would definitely stay here again.Greetings letsgo168, thank you for the positive feedback. We are happy to know that we met your expectations. Come and see us again soon!
Hotel Abri is a clean, cute, boutique hotel with a great location. I've stayed at over 5+ hotels in the area and this had by far the best staff. They were friendly, attentive, and very helpful when I had questions. Unlike some of the larger hotels in SF, this one makes you feel at home and cared for. In terms of the most impressive of the staff, Kelly Nguyen stuck out and really went above and beyond. Thank you.
Convenient location to race finish line. Conveient to major shopping district, trolly station and walking distance to fun sites to see. Rooms were on the small side but to be expected with a historic building. Very nicely renovated. Beds were comfortable and room was quiet had no trouble relaxing and sleeping.Hello carolynt258,I'm glad you found our hotel to be relaxing and convenient! I hope you did well with the marathon as well. Hopefully we see you again next time whether it be another marathon or just visiting us for pleasure!Stay Vibrant!Chris de Jesus
Abri is a very nice and modern hotel in an old building in the Heart of San Francisco. It is very tastefully decorated, clean and fresh. Interior rooms are quiet and will allow you a great nites sleep. Real HD TV, not just a big screen with SD TV. You wont be disappointed.
Good location, very small, clean room in a no frills hotel. I booked a queen but they put us in a double. Lots of street noise as it's only a 4 story hotel. Worse 3 mights of sleep we have had in sometime. id you can see past a downtown, non-resort hotel charging a resort fee, then go ahead and book. Me, I can't so will avoid. My 125 turned into 158( plus usual taxes.) Just tell me upfront
This is a great place to stay in SF downtown - close to everything, very nice hotel, helpful personnel. The room is a bit small but very modern, bathroom is really nice. Overall - great stay and value for money!
It is a real city hotel. Small but neat room. No view. No refill coffee but when you ask you will get it.Breakfast you pick up and its in a little bag and not very special. But the location is perfect! When you come by car you better park a few blocks away, not such a fine neighborhood but half the price.
Just stayed at Hotel Abri this past week end. The staff was amazing. Very friendly, attentive and shows an interest in your whereabouts. We had an Oasis Suite, and pull out queen size bed was comfortable. Bathroom is pretty good size with 2 separate sinks. Location is superb! Walk to China town, North Beach and so close to Bart. My only complaint thus the reason for Very good vs. excellent is the noise level. The suites face the street, and with construction in the area which starts up at 7:00AM, it was LOUD. Construction will go on for a while since they are building a bart station. There is a bar close by and the shouting/talking at night can be deafening. Ask for an inside room to avoid this disturbance. If you must have a suite, then bring ear plugs. Will return for sure!
We stayed 4 nights. There were three of us so the third person had a sofa bed in the lounge area. The good things were the location, free wifi and the staff seemed nice. We asked for a quiet room when we booked and so glad we did. It meant no view but we slept well. It is a bit dated and there was a very odd smell to the room. Only one lift in use throughout our stay. Overall it did the job with no frills. Next time I think I'll go for something newer or with character. The lobby area seemed new and really smart, it didn't match the rooms. Hello bn1,Thank you for taking the time to share your stay experiences with us. Tailoring to our guest is our specialty and each review helps us reach a better customer service level. I am glad to hear our front desk staff were friendly upon your arrival and you found our prime location convenient. Our building has been a hotel since 1908 holding it's authentic charm while being constantly renovated to fit San Francisco style and taste. We hope you return so we can wow you with our new updates and customer service. Happy Holidays,Dan NovellyFront Office Manger
I stayed there last week and it's a nice little hotel. Location is close to Market St, cable car, buses, and plethora of bars and restaurants. My room is like a city apartment and felt very homey as opposed to a hotel. So, that was nice. The staff is very friendly and helpful. One of the staffs, Taylor, gave great recommendations to Thai and other restaurants in the area. Thanks, Taylor!! I will definitely stay at Hotel Abri again.
Abri Hotel is a very good option for staying at San Francisco. Its very well located and staff is really friendly and helfpul. The only thing you need to know is that you are going to pay a lot of city taxes.
Very nice boutique hotel in a great location. Rooms facing the courtyard were quiet. Friendly staff and clean rooms. Would definitely recommend. Reasonable price for San Francisco too. Short walk from Union square Hello TF44,I'd like to thank you for leaving a review of your stay at Hotel AbRi. I'm glad you enjoyed your interaction with our staff and that the room was to your liking. We hope to see you again the next time you visit our wonderful city.Thank you once again!Chris de Jesus
Used hotel tonight, got in late, was greeted by Kevin who helped me plan a run route. Got to the room it was clean, great bed. Location is prime close to market street. Nice gem, excellent service. Will definitely stay here again.
Suite was small. It was on the highest floor. The roof top must have faulty drainage. When it rained heavily, water drops beat on the case housing the air conditioner as if someone was beating a drum.
We have stayed at this hotel for three straight years. We in this case includes myself, my wife, and our 8 kids. The kids have ranged in ages from 1 year old up to 17 years old (depending on the stay) and we have loved it every time.We have stayed in a suite each year and at least one (sometimes two) other rooms. The suite with the adjoining room is great for our needs.The location is perfect. Right near the Bart, right in Union Square. Need a quick bite to eat for a picky kid Subway is next door. Want a quick ice cream for a kid (or adult) quickly Cold Stone right next door, as well. And of course you are within about a 3 minute walk of 100 other restaurants of 35 different types.Why do we keep coming back to the same hotel with all the other choices SERVICE! This place just gets it. They put an emphasis on service that is difficult to find. There may be hotels with more room or for better prices. But knowing that we will be treated exceptionally well and knowing the staff will help us out with any questions or needs is worth the extra few dollars. My only complaint is that the suite has bathroom doors of frosted glass so you can see the silhouette of the person standing in the bathroom or getting out of the shower. Not perfect for a family, and also the door is sliding, no locks. Made more for a couple than a family, so communication is important to avoid any issues. Still, more than worth the minor inconvenience with all this hotel offers.Hello Mark B,Thank you for taking the time to share your holiday experience with us. It is ALWAYS a pleasure to have you and your family celebrate the holidays with our family here at AbRi. I am happy to hear you enjoyed the delicious spots next door to us and all our nearby shopping areas. Thank you kindly for your detailed feedback as every review helps us on our stride for perfection.As we say here at Hotel AbRi, stay vibrant!Warmest Regards,Daniel Novelly Front Office Manager
This is a very clean and friendly place to stay. It is a couple of blocks from BART (easy to and from SFO) and one block from the Cable Cars. The area is great for shopping and has easy access to all parts of town.
Recently booked the Hotel for a trip to San Francisco through Hotels.com and confirmation offered free cancellation but in reading fine print. The policy was backdated to a month before I booked the room. They don't even give you the opportunity to cancel less than 30 minutes after booking...beware!Hello Greg R, I'm sorry to hear that you had an issue with cancelling your reservation through hotels.com. Unfortunately, our hands are tied when it comes to non-refundable booking. Thank you for bringing this matter to our attention. I will share this with our reservations department so that future guests will not have the same experience.
We had a wonderful experience at Hotel Abri. From the moment we arrived, staff were warm, welcoming, professional, and helpful. The hotel is older but the rooms are updated and renovated. The hotel has great incentive programs (Green for Green). We had a few special requests that were easily accommodated. Great value, great location, great staff!! High recommend.Greetings hayjhamilton, thank you for giving us a 5 star rating. We are happy to know that your stay with us was a 5 star experience. please come and see us again in the near future. Stay vibrant!
Very positive experience. Super convenient location. Clean and quiet room with plenty of space. Hotel staff very helpful. We got some great tips for eating and sightseeing from Louie, the very friendly concierge. Would definitely stay there again.Hello kenandemilie, thank you for giving us a 5 star rating. We are pleased to know that your stay with us was comfortable and convenient. Please come and see us again on your next visit to San Francisco. Stay vibrant!
Thank you for making my trip to San Francisco for a conference enjoyable. The room was so quiet. It was smaller than most hotel rooms I have stayed in but that made it more cozy. I was able to open the window for air. Everything was clean. The hotel staff were always pleasant and greeted me whenever our paths crossed. Thanks for the gifts just because I did not require maid service.
We thought the hotel was very clean, and modern. Ideal position for sight seeing. Very helpful front desk. Great restaurant next door. Great happy hour. Would definitely go there again. Easy to get on public transport, trams, buses etc. Great restaurants at Fishermans Wharf. Must go to Alcatraz, very interesting.
We chose Hotel Abri from among many choices in the neighborhood and price range mainly because of the interesting look of the decor in the photos. Glad we did! The staff were all extremely nice, and the room was quite comfortable. This was only an overnight trip, but we look forward to coming back and spending more nights here.
My sweety and I had visited San Francisco for an overnight trip and decided since I found a shockingly great price for this hotel and knew the neighbourhood, I figured this had to be good.. Understatement! The Hotel Abri was a stellar hotel staff is always glad to see you, hotel is kept in immaculate condition, bed was worthy of taking home if it were possible, and L'Occitane toiletries were teh OMGz.. Ginormous flat-screen TV also came with a connection for your laptop so you can use it as a monitor, clock radio also had an iPod dock attached. The only negative out of the entire stay (which the Abri can't really help) was facing another hotel I've visited previously which had a new club open up. And when you have late night clubs in a big city, you also get an occasional drunk being asked to leave said club for acting royally ASBO. Other than that, I'd recommend the Abri if you're looking to splurge a bit for a hotel not far from Powell Market, a major transit hub and terminus for the Cable Cars just a couple blocks away..
I was little worried about Hotel Abri at first. Its prices were much less than surrounding hotels which made me skeptical. However, immediately upon arrival, it was obvious that the hotel was just fine. The gift bag at check-in was a nice touch (especially the full-size bottle of whine). I had read the reviews and read about the gift bag, but I just assumed it included it one of those little whine bottles and a few other things. The room was small, but not any smaller than I would have expected for what was most likely an old apartment building turned hotel room. And definitely no smaller than 90 of the apartments you'd see in Manhattan. Despite the size of the room, it was well-appointed and had a decent size bathroom and shower. The rooms had window AC/heat units, but they were thermostatically controlled, which was nice (instead of just being a thru-wall unit with a speed knob. The morning breakfast bag left a lot to be desired (as compared to a standard continental breakfast), but it was better than nothing. They also give you coupons to the restaurant that connects to the lobby. We didn't get the chance to eat there, but it looked nice. Anyhow, there wasn't anything overwhelmingly fantastic about the hotel, not was there really anything bad. It was a nice launching bad for our activities for a long weekend. We walked to ATT Park for the Giants game (not far), and the cable car stop was only a few blocks away (as well as all of the shopping). Likewise, Enterprise retail car was just one block away (this came in handy because we rented a car to drive to Sonoma). All in all, a good experience, decent hotel, helpful and kind staff we would stay here again Fo Sho!Hello Matt B, thank you for your feedback. We are pleased to know that your overall experience at the Hotel Abri was good and that you will come and visit us again. Stay vibrant!
Okay experience but disappointed that I had a room next to constant construction. Also disappointed in the fact that I thought I was getting l'occitane products as well. Room was good and bed was comfortable. Hi laurenbX4703AO,I apologize that construction outside is constant during your stay. I suggest one of our interior rooms the next time you stay with us to accommodate a much more quieter stay. We hope that you give us another opportunity in the future!Stay Vibrant!Chris de Jesus
I stayed here recently for a conference. It is centrally located, short walk to Moscone (which is undergoing reconstruction), and very comfortable. I was greeted with a gift bag (usually this is only for weddings) that contained a small bottle of wine, 2 bottles of water, and snacks, which I appreciated. They also provided a 10 credit for the restaurant. The room was small, but there was room for my suitcase, I could hang my clothes in the closet, I could work at the desk, everything was clean, and the room was quiet. What else do you want when staying downtown in San Francisco
This was our first stay in the Hotel Abri and we were impressed with the hotel and the staff. We had a Queen size Junior Suite for less than the price of a tiny room in one of the other more well-known hotels. Location is great - 1 block from Powell Street cable car and 2 blocks from Union Square.
Hotel Abri is a wonderfully located hotel near Union Square and all the amenities you'll need in San Francisco. The staff are friendly, the rooms are clean, the amenities are good and the price is competitive. Recommended.Hello torontonian360, Thank you for the kind words. I thank you for taking the time to leave us a great review of our hotel. We look forward to be able to assist you again in the future! Stay Vibrant! Chris de Jesus
Enjoyed staying here. The staff was great (very attentive helpful) the rooms were clean. The rooms were small though. I enjoyed eating at the on-site restaurant. The food bar services were great!
I stayed here for a few days in a double bed room.Pros:- room clean- mattress and pillows very comfortable- free wi-fi - location very good: downtown, 3 minutes from the cable car terminus on Powell Street- staff friendly and professional.Cons:- given the location, it's a bit noisy at night. Well, downtown San Francisco is a bit noisy, so I guess you'll have the same issues in any hotel there- one of the two elevators was broken, so there was only one, slow elevator serving the whole hotel. You could wait 10 minutes before getting it, so more than once I decided to take the stairs. However, this should be a temporary issue, since I saw they were working on it- the wi-fi was nearly useless--not only communicating via Skipe was impossibile (which might be understandable, given the bandwidth frequired), but also surfing the Web was a hard thing to do at times. This is really an issue they should solve, since it can be done easily and quickly- they don't serve breakfast. There's a restaurant (Puccini Pinetti) which is accessible straight from the hotel, however it opens at 11am, so you can only get a brunch. Anyway, no big issue: there is plenty of places around there where you can have breakfast.Price: I found a discount, so I think the price was fair, otherwise I would say it's a bit costy.
Central to everything. Rooms are a bit on the small side, but they have all you need. We stayed three nights. Its a nice, comfortable and clean hotel. Shopping is very close by and its about a 10 minute ride to Fishermans Wharf and the other touristy stuff.
Good to stay confortable. The location is the best. Rooms are small than expectation but its not the worst.all are staffs very kindly and helpful.wifi is available and there are nothing the problems during stayed.Hi sjung721731,I'm glad you enjoyed your stay with us at Hotel AbRi. The history of our building combined with new world technologies along with a great staff makes Hotel AbRi a pleasant place to stay. Thank you for giving us the opportunity to provide you the service we are known for.Stay Vibrant!Chris de Jesus
Hotel Abri has a good friendly team of front desk staff and a simply trendy lobby that gave me a good impression to start. The room is small and only minimally functional for a group of four (I should've checked the footage before I booked a double room for four). We had a street-facing room so it was really really noisy at night given the frequent ambulance, passengers and especially the construction noise that went beyond midnight (I didn't know that construction was allowed after 11pm in SF). Service and notes in the room were a bit confusing and inconsistent. There was no introduction pamphlets describing services of the hotel, no sign in the room stating that the water bottles weren't free. Out of my four night stays, one night I did not have enough towels, one with water not replenished, and another without any coffee/tea replenished in the room. Other minor inconvenience include not having hand soap provided, and the hotel does not have shoe horns to lend out. At the end I would still give this hotel a positive vote given their friendly front desk service and convenience of location.
I and my wife stayed in the Hotel Abri 2 nights, the room was not huge but very clean decor 4 star hotel. The staff was very helpful and the location fantastic Hotel in downtown San Francisco. Next year we plan to go back to San Francisco and Abri will be our Hotel.
Had a suite, which was roomy and well-equipped. Location was fantastic. Staff were helpful. Street noise was the only concern but turning on the fans in the AC units drowned it out. There was no hotel bar or restaurant but there are many nearby.
This was my first stay at this hotel and with the Larkspur brand of hotels. I have been to San Fran a countless number of times and have always stayed in Union Square at other hotels (Hotel Nikko, Kimpton, etc). I must say that this hotel was very nice. It wasnt a large hotel (4 floors) but it was perfect and allowed for a better guest experience in my opinion. The rooms were nicely appointed and extremely clean, very modern. They are on the tight side but that is normal for SF, so no big deal. The staff at this hotel were probably some of the best I have encountered in a while. They were genuinely nice and allowed us to check in 4 hrs early. They were also quick to ask us if we needed help finding restaurants etc. Location is great, 1 block from the BART station, great if you are arriving from SFO, or OAK. Cable car is also right down the street. Area was safe at all hours of the day, except for occasional panhandler but that is normal in every big city.Suggestions for guests would be to ask for an interior courtyard room as the exterior rooms face a nightclub and it can be noisy. If not ear plugs are readily available at the front desk.Overall this hotel is tops and I would stay here again if I am back in the city.
We arrived to check-in at 4pm. The person at the counter did not acknowledge us for 20 minutes while she casually talked to the customer in front. Then when it was our turn, our room was not available (and should have been ready at 3pm). When we arrived back later to settle in for the evening at 9pm, there was again a 10 minute wait at the counter. They gave us a gift bag for our inconvenience. The wine in the gift bag turned out to be rotten or corked. Now this bordered on absurd. The room itself was fine. When I asked to speak to the manager on our way out in the morning the receptionist said that he was not available, but would email me. It was truly a terrible example of customer service.Ms. Sara Z , Let me start this response by apologizing to both of you in regards to the overall experience you had at our hotel, as we can see we failed to meet your basic guest needs. Our goal is to exceed each one of our guests requests and expectations, but unfortunately due to the high occupancy and number of guests on Friday Saturday, we failed to provide you with personalized service and attention during your arrival and throughout. We are happy to hear that the upgraded accommodations to our Urban suite was up to your standards. Also regarding the gift bag and wine, our sincere apologies, as we provide about 30 gift bags per day and we have not had this situation happened before, we update our wines every month with different themes and varietals, we wish you had informed us of the wine during your visit, so we could have addressed on site, as we have a great partnership with Local Small Vineyards and the relationship is very strong to provide our guests with the best possible experience. I am sorry we missed you during your checkout, as our Manager on Duty was available and expecting you. We hope that you would provide us the opportunity to further discuss the details of your stay you can contact me directly at 415.392.8800. We look forward to your response. Thank you again for your time and honest feedback. Have a great weekend!EJ Varela Hotel Manager
We were charged for the first night of stay even though we were not in SF yet due to a sudden death in the family. In addition, the room we were given the next day was one of the smallest I've ever had, even though we had requested ahead of time to an upgrade. Told we didn't get the upgrade because we weren't there to check in. Throughout our four-night stay, one elevator was out of service and the other was very slow. We resorted to using the stairs to our third floor room. At checkout, we waited almost 15 minutes for an elevator because our luggage was too heavy to carry down the stairs. HOWEVER, for our final three nights we were upgraded to an Oasis Suite for no additional charge (beyond the night we were charged and didn't use). Very quiet, spacious room facing courtyard. Location is great for all SF tourist activities and shopping. Ate one night in the Italian restaurant. It was decent and the service was good. If check-in and the first night had been better, I'd give it a 5, but the poor first impression dropped the overall score. Hope both elevators are now functioning!
My husband, 4 year old, and I stayed at the Hotel Abri from Oct 11-14, 2012. The staff at this hotel were beyond 5 star with their service. They were helpful, honest, and really went out of their way to make sure you had what you needed. My daughter was taken with Tyler at the front, in particular! Aside from the service, the boutique hotel was fine. We had an urban suite, which had ample room. The two window units kept the place cool, and the curtains kept out enough light. My only complaint, and I mean ONLY complaint, was that the bathroom door was a sliding door, did not lock, and was frosted glass. If you have kids, you know that sometimes your only solitude can come from the few moments you get in the bathroom. My daughter had a grand time putting her face up to the glass and letting us know she was well aware we were in there, and I am thankful she never realized she could actually open the door. My husband would probably say that he didn't care for the fact that sometimes during the day you could smell Subway from downstairs in our room (on the 2nd floor), but we weren't in there much, and it was minor. The hotel was very convenient to the cable car that took you to the Wharf, as well as the BART and other public transport. There was AMPLE shopping in the area too. All in all, I'd recommend this hotel, mainly to people traveling without small kids. LOL
the hotel has a cool vibe, there is no where to eat breakfast in the hotel so that's an issue, I had a problem with the reservation and was not accommodated on my request so that's impacted my experience after the fact. San Francisco has a huge homeless problem and unfortunately that impacts the surrounding area, I was disturbed by the number of homeless people sleeping on the street in front of the hotel so consider that before booking
Stayed here during a conference being held at the mega hotel Hilton up the block from Abri. Glad I chose the Abri, medium sized, clean hotel in a Union Square central location. My room was small but perfectly formed and the walk-in shower was powerful. My room had a strange smell to it during my stay which meant I had to have the window open most of the time for fresh air. Ask for an inner room to avoid noise from the busy street outside.I visited SF about 5 years ago so was shocked at the amount of homeless people everywhere this time round. Every street corner was filled with people begging so be prepared to have your dollar bills ready. Breakfast downstairs in the restaurant was good. Great shopping near by. Enjoy!
We stayed 2 nights and could not have been more happy with the hotel. The hotel is situated in a great position close to all the major stores and good restaurants. The staff at the front desk went out of their way to assist us. Would highly recommend a stay.
Great location hip and trendy interior nicely appointed rooms. FREE internet access in your room! Really appreciate the fact that they recognize those serving in our military with special deals! We requested a room away from the elevators and stairs and our request was met 100!
The location of the hotel is excellent, right by Union Square and Westfield Shopping centre on Market street. The staff are excellent and have great attention to detail. Rooms are great and given its location are very quiet, perfect for a good nights sleep. Only one minor niggle which is that the showers are really not very powerful at all.
Happy to be in SF for the first time in this Hotel. Our room was well furnished and we took a mini-suite for our 3 family member. We would definitely come back here the next time. Our slight disappointement was related to the ameties: difficult to find some coffee during the day.
What a great hotel. We arrived early after about 22 hours travel and they had a room ready for us straight away along with a lovely welcome pack. Location in fabulous and staff are really helpful. Their 10 daily restaurant voucher and Green for Green initiative for skipping housekeeping are excellent. A lovely plac3 to stay.
The hotelt is close to the main places: cable car, subway, shops: you can go by walk everywhere. The personnel is nice and friendly, the room is clean, comfortable and nice.If you have some problem to sleep, you have only to ask to have a room not in the front of the street because during the weekend there is a local where the people go to dance we were so tired that we didn't have any problem about it.
In a city not known for sumptuous hotels, the St Regis is the local maximum. We stayed in a large, well-appointed suite with a nice view. We were somewhat disappointed by the fact that rooms are on the lower half of the bldg, as the upper half is reserved for residents. The result is that the W just down the street, while not of the same caliber, has infinitely better views. So, ask for floors 14-20. Below that, it s just too low.Second point of criticism - and this applies to all St Regis butlers: they creep us out! These guys need to be less awkward / better trained / older than 15. Now, for the good stuff: Nice pool area, very good spa treatments, and a rather hopping and pleasant lobby bar. The Japanese restaurant was also rather on the nice side. The location is obviously fantastic, with SF Moma half a block away, and all the shops a couple of blocks away.Overall, a relaxing St Regis - not their best hotel, but definitely the best in San Francisco.
When travelling for business, the thing you care most about is getting some sleep, being able to effectively work and having a functional room that takes all the friction and noise out of your day. The St Regis delivered in spades. Nothing too much trouble for the staff and excellent service on every interaction. Dear Meek4,Thank you for taking the time to share a review on your recent visit to The St. Regis San Francisco. We look forward to welcoming you back to the hotel for future visits and will share your kind mentions with our team. Sincerely,Andre BroseHotel Manager
We had a long layover in San Francisco and chose to stay in Union Square. The St Regis met our needs in terms of a comfortable place to stay, from which to explore some of the touristy areas of SF. However, traffic getting into the hotel was a nightmare, partly due to Pride weekend when we were there, but in general it did take a long time to battle our way to the entrance every time we took the car out. Service was great at check-in, but when we asked for a kettle for the room and tea, it took about half an hour to arrive, with no tea bags. We don't generally enjoy the butler concept- when we asked for coffee, which was not available in the room like in other hotels, the butler charged us USD18. There was limited food options- a lobby restaurant/ bar and a second restaurant in the back. Food was extremely pricey. The pool was not something my kids wanted to use- a simple lap pool for adults. We are asked for the kids names and told the housekeeping would deliver something for them, but it didn't materialize, much to their disappointment. It is definitely geared toward the business traveler.Dear Globaltattler,Thank you so much for taking the time to share your most recent experience at the St. Regis San Francisco. We apologize that you experienced increased traffic over the Pride weekend, and that our Butler service did not meet your expectations. Here at the St. Regis San Francisco we truly strive to surprise and delight all of our guests, and we are always grateful for any feedback that will allow us to do that better.Please do reach out to me personally should your travels bring you back to San Francisco.Warm Regards,Andre BroseHotel Manager
Got a nice room (1715) on 17th floor, but woke up three times at night because somebody must have run the tap or had a shower. When having a shower in the beautful seperate shower cabin, twice I adjusted the water temperature, stood under the shower for a minute or so when the water got really scorchingly hot and I had to move away from it, turn down the temperature, almost turning the water off, wait a minute for it to cool down, then feel it got really cold. Back to the original setting and eventually enjoy the shower.Sorry guys, at 490 a night that's not okay. Noise plus burning yourself is not acceptable.One more thing I hate: Monday night 7.30, I want to go jogging and ask for steam room/sauna after jog. Answer: it's part of our Spa and admission is 20 for hotel guests - and it closes at 8pm on a Monday. Come on, guys, that's not okay for a 5 Star hotel. Not only having to pay - but closung at 8 doesn't work for business people!
Of the ten or so hotels I've stayed in in San Fran, the St. Regis is my favorite. Great location, lovely lobby and bar, and sleek modern rooms. Restaurants always left something to be desired, but looks as though a new one just opened. The service is top notch and the concierge is stellar. Sadly, like everything else in SF, the rates have gone up significantly so I don't get to stay there as often.Dear sncwalsh,Thank you for sharing your review of your recent stay at The St. Regis San Francisco. I am pleased to hear that we continue to be your favorite hotel in San Francisco, and sincerely appreciate your kind words regarding our staff and service. Please do not hesitate to contact me directly prior to your next visit, as we hope to welcome you back to the Best Address soon.Sincerely, Anthony Duggan Hotel Manager 415-284-4057 anthony.dugganstregis.com
The St. Regis is located pretty conveniently if you have business in downtown SF. The rooms are very new and well appointed. Staff is generally helpful, but service could be better. For example, when I called the front desk to ask about internet access, they informed me it would be extra, even though I could have sworn it was included in my rate (it was). A key issue is there is absolutely zero cellular reception if you're on ATT. The hotel acknowledges this (obviously not their fault), so if you need blackberry access, forget about it.
St. Regis are consistently luxurious and expensive. This one is no exception. Small lobby, but great service, beautiful rooms, great workout facility. It is a location that's not overly ideal for the touristy options (Wharf, bridge, china town), but if you want class and can afford it, this is the place.Dear JoesueFree ,Thank you for taking the time to share your review of your recent stay at The St. Regis San Francisco. I am pleased to hear that you had an exceptional experience at our hotel and that you enjoyed our fitness center and amenities. Please do not hesitate to contact me directly prior to your next visit as we hope to welcome you back soon.Sincerely, Anthony Duggan Hotel Manager 415-284-4057 anthony.dugganstregis.com
I've stayed here three times! All of which have been splendid and memorable! The staff make you feel like your coming home! There are a lot of choices when it comes to hotels in San Francisco, make it easy on yourself and pick the St. Regis! Dear sullyontv,Thank you for sharing your review of The St. Regis San Francisco. I am delighted to hear that you have enjoyed your experiences, and sincerely appreciate your high recommendation of our hotel. Please do not hesitate to contact me directly prior to your next visit, as we hope to welcome you back soon.Sincerely,Andre BroseHotel Manager415-284-4057Andre.Brosestregis.com
My husband and I stayed at the St. Regis for six nights while visiting San Francisco. I spent a great deal of time selecting the hotel for this trip. After researching and considering many hotels, I chose the St. Regis. I was very happy with my choice. The location was great - it was close enough to every place we wanted to visit, without being in the middle of too much of the touristy crowd. Although our room didn't have the floor to ceiling windows I was expecting, it was nicely equipped and well maintained. I can overlook my disappointment over the absence of a panoramic view because of the amazing service. From the time we made our reservations to the time we left the hotel, the service was attentive and thoughtful, without being obtrusive. The concierge and guest relations people helped us with our wine tour, ferry and restaurant plans. The people at the front desk and in the lobby greeted us by name. Those at the restaurant, the Vitrine, were particularly kind and thoughtful. Kane was our server on most mornings. When he found out it was my birthday, he brought me a special breakfast dessert. To celebrate our anniversary, he brought us champagne and chocolate. The service made it truly a memorable stay. I'm sure that the service at the St. Regis will become the standard by which we will measure other hotels.Dear Kingtrips,Thank you for taking the time to share your review of your recent stay at The St. Regis San Francisco. I pleased to hear that you and your husband had an exceptional experience and I sincerely appreciate your kind words regarding our service and your high recommendation of our hotel. Please do not hesitate to contact me directly prior to your next visit to San Francisco, as we hope to welcome back to the best address soon.Sincerely,Anthony DugganHotel Manager415-284-4057anthony.dugganstregis.com
Well ion advance of our trip out west Mariah at the concierge desk set us up for the best trip possible. She'd helped us some years ago and when I emailed I wasn't sure she'd still be there. Not only did she respond but she also remembered us and was more than helpful and available both in advance of the trip and during. Also Selena and Alexandre (who remembered us from his time at the St Regis NY) were of great help!Also Tatianna and Abhishek with the butler department, Eric at the bar, Irma a the front desk, Freddo at the front door and Linh at the Spa. You will love the place and love the people.
First let me start by saying that this is not a cheap hotel, however the same can be said for the majority of downtown San Francisco Hotels. My room was very comfortable and sported an IPad type control screen that enabled me to adjust all the settings in the room such as lights and curtains ect. Service was outstanding and so overall a great experience.Dear Valued Guest,Thank you for taking the time to share your review of your recent stay at The St. Regis San Francisco. We are delighted to hear that you had a pleasant stay and appreciate your kind words regarding our staff and service. Please do not hesitate to contact me prior to your next visit as we hope to welcome you back soon.Sincerely,Anthony DugganHotel Manager415-284-4057Anthony.dugganstregis.com
5 years ago it was a much better option ,they still charge high prices and have not nvested much .Definetely need refurbishment and / or they should be charging much lower .Attitude of reception is unacceptable , some of the consierge is OK , other services ( vale - breakfast... ) is not in accordence with 5 star hotel !!!Dear Vedat A,Thank you for sharing your thoughts on your recent stay at The St. Regis San Francisco. I regret to hear that you had a disappointing experience at our hotel, and sincerely apologize on behalf of our team for falling below our five star standard. I encourage you to contact me directly to further discuss the details of your stay and how we may improve our service and facilities. Sincerely, Anthony DugganHotel Manager415-284-4057anthony.dugganstregis.com
Just complete a stay at St. Regis for our anniversary. Reached out to the hotel in advance and they took great care of us. Had a room on the 16th floor with spectacular city views. Check in was efficient and friendly. Room was large and well appointed - very luxurious. My wife enjoyed the soaker tub. Hotel provided a special amenity in celebration of our anniversary - we very much appreciated the special attention. Used the pool area which had lots of sun and city views. St. Regis beats Ritz and Four Seasons hands down in SF. Thanks for a great stay. Dear Valued Guest,Thank you for taking the time to share your review of your recent stay at The St. Regis San Francisco. We are delighted to hear that you had an exceptional stay with us and appreciate your kind words regarding our staff and service. We are honored that you chose our hotel to celebrate your special occasion and hope to welcome you back to best address soon.Sincerely,Anthony DugganHotel Manager415-284-4057Anthony.dugganstregis.com
All staff was great! Room was beautiful. View from our room was gorgeous. Concierge planned our travel around San Francisco and it was the best. Everyone made our stay very nice. We will return here in the future!Dear Chris G.,Thank you for taking the time to share your review of your recent stay at The St. Regis San Francisco. I am delighted to hear that you had an exceptional stay and sincerely appreciate your kind words regarding our staff, service and guestroom dcor. Please do not hesitate to contact me directly prior to your next stay, as we hope to welcome you back to the Best Address in the near future.Sincerely, Anthony Duggan Hotel Manager 415-284-4057 anthony.dugganstregis.com
The service and staff here were wonderful. The room was very clean and modern. Loved the bathroom and the amenities. Everything you would expect from a St Regis hotel. Walking distance to Union Square and other landmarks with ease.Dear Valued Guest,Thank you for sharing your review of your recent stay at The St. Regis San Francisco. We are delighted to hear that you enjoyed our hotel dcor and amenities, and appreciate your kind words about our staff and service. Please do not hesitate to contact me directly prior to your next visit, as we hope to welcome you back soon.Sincerely,Anthony DugganHotel Manager415-284-4057Anthony.dugganstregis.com
The St. Regis San Fran is outstanding! Location is perfect, just South of Market, right next to the Museum of Modern Art, across the street from Yerba Buena, Metreon, and a short walk to all of the Union Square and Market Street shopping. The hotel is modern and sophisticated, but also really comfortable and welcoming. We loved the fireplace that greets you on the other side of the front door, and the lobby bar is super chic with a lively scene. We loved the indoor pool! This is a great amenity for a city hotel, especially when traveling with a family. The pool is warm and there are tons of windows and natural light. There's a poolside menu for food and beverages. Grill is the contemporary restaurant that serves seasonal dishes with locally sourced ingredients. We are gluten free and they do a fantastic job with this - lots of gluten free menu options and the gluten free bread was delicious. We saw the beautiful house car (a Bentley), but our timing was off with it pulling away each time we were hoping to catch a ride (next time!). We were in a Grand Deluxe Guest room on the 20th floor, and it was amazing. Beautifully finished with high ceilings, big windows allowing for lots of natural light, plenty of space, huge shower, soaking tub, and amazing views over Yerba Buena. My son said the roll away was one of the best he has ever slept in. Can't wait to return to this hotel.
A great place to stay in downtown San Francisco. Across the street from Yerba Buena Gardens and walking distance to Union Square and lots of shopping.The rooms are spacious and luxurious, as you would expect. Service is friendly. The hotel restaurant, Vittrine, is also excellent.Enjoyed the free wi-fi too, which other travelers commented on being charged for... so perhaps this has improved/changed.Dear Valued Guest,Thank you for taking the time to share your review of your recent stay at The St. Regis San Francisco. I sincerely appreciate your kind words regarding our service, hotel dcor, and location and am pleased that you enjoyed your meals in Vitrine. As of February 2015, we do offer complimentary high speed internet access to all of our guests, so we are delighted to hear your comments. Please do not hesitate to contact me directly prior to your next stay, as we hope to welcome you back soon.Sincerely,Anthony DugganHotel Manager415-284-4057Anthony.dugganstregis.com
The platinum spg member upgraded room was nice. They have very good service and the employees did a great job. The hotel is in a nice location for a convention. The room was loud with street noise, guess just part of the deal in San Francisco.
This review is long overdue.This hotel hasn't let me down, (resort I should say)I'm a picky guy when I spend 400+ a night on a room. I want to be treated well, I want staff to acknowledge my presence, and I want them to be courteous and kind and helpful and most importantly quick.In a consumers' world, we have to pay attention to detail. Otherwise the providers will become lazy..At the St. Regis, attention to detail is not a problem. To say the least, they go overboard.All the rooms are cleaned to perfection before arrival, I've stayed here a total of 6 times and have never found something from the room beforeRoom service is of 4-5 Star quality food, hot and ready and fresh.Do not tip the room service, the gratuity is already factored in. Unless you feel like splurging.Amazingly well done eentree choices ordered directly to your room..The reason I go to hotels, is to escape life, go to the spa, sit in my room, watch movies, and be waited on.This hotel does it all.For a Price.a 3 day ultimate vacation as I like to call it, room service once a day, and the spa once a day,Can easily run you over 2000-3000 Dollars here.If you want to just enjoy the room and resort, you can get away with spending 900-1200 on a room for 3 nights and just enjoying yourself.My first stay here was with a Mercedes Benz Voucher way back in the day.Thanks Mercedes Benz, you introduced me to a fantastic resort!Dear Patrick B,Thank you for taking the time to share your review of The St. Regis San Francisco. We sincerely appreciate your loyalty to our hotel and your kind words regarding our staff and service. I am pleased that we have been have to provide you with a five star experience, and look forward to welcoming you to back to Best Address soon.Sincerely,Charles WilliamsDirector of Front Office415-284-4031Charles.williamsstregis.com
Stayed in January for 5 nights. Close enough to the Moscone center (5 minute walk) Staff were very nice and remembered our names, (somewhat) Very nice rooms and comfortable beds. They would clean your room after you left and turn down the beds right before you got back. Unfortunately sometimes the timing was a little off and they walked in while I was changing once and came in while we were there a few other times. It didnt bother me a whole lot but just be aware that if you don't want them to come in then put out the 'do not disturb' sign. Mandatory valet parking and sometimes we were waiting for that service. overpriced hotel bar, you might almost laugh at the prices unless you are made of money (I am not) but then again with how much it costs to stay there a night you probably wouldn't even wink. my view was of a construction sight but I wasn't in the room much so no matter. Never went to the restaurant. there is a pool on the 5th or something like that floor but we didn't swim. Would definitely reccomend if you are rich. If you aren't then dont go broke for the amazing service they offer.Dear Valued Guest,Thank you for taking the time to share your review of The St. Regis San Francisco. I ma delighted to hear that you had a pleasant stay and appreciate your kind words about our staff and service. Please do not hesitate to contact me directly prior to your next visit as we hope to welcome you back soon.Sincerely,Anthony DugganHotel Manager415-284-4057Anthony.dugganstregis.com
The location is convenient, just a few minutes walk South of Market Union Sq.The facilities rooms are very nice.The staff are excellent, as is the service.The barmen drinks are also very good.The only reason I didn't award Excellent is that the food in the restaurant at breakfast lunch was average.Also beware that certain rooms are subject to a lot of street noise.Dear Razzi-B,Thank you for sharing your review of your recent stay at The St. Regis San Francisco. Im pleased that you enjoyed our location, guestrooms, and service and apologize for your experience at breakfast and lunch. I encourage you to contact me directly to further discuss your stay as we hope to welcome you back soon.Sincerely,Andre BroseHotel Manager415-284-4057Andre.Brosestregis.com
Checking in on New Year's Eve and there was an abundance of staff and champagne cocktails to speed our check in and get our celebration started right away. We had a wonderful room with a private butler and an amazing view of the fireworks over the San Francisco skyline.Dear Guest,Thank you for sharing your review of your recent stay at The St. Regis San Francisco. I am delighted to hear that you had an exceptional stay over the holiday and that you particularly enjoyed the celebratory cocktails upon arrival. Please do not hesitate to contact me directly prior to your next visit to the hotel. Happy New Year!Sincerely,William FongHotel Manager415-284-4057William.fongstregis.com
Stayed at the St. Regis while on business. The rooms were huge! Room had a spacious shower as well as a bath. Wish I had more time to spend in the hotel proper and take advantage of all the amenities. Free shoe shine ... a plus.Highlight: I needed to rent a car, and the hotel's concierge took care of me in 10 minutes ... awesome!
We stopped in for breakfast before our cruise.Very nice hotel and restaurant, great service, food was great!The reason for four stars... My cream pitcher had mold in it.They replaced it and apologized and also removed the charge from our bill. I was not too concerned as mold is not life threatening lol.Dear Lionel P,Thank you for sharing your review of your recent visit to The St. Regis San Francisco. I sincerely apologize for your experience at breakfast, and appreciate your understanding. Please do not hesitate to contact me directly prior to your next stay in San Francisco, as we hope to welcome you back soon.Sincerely,Andre BroseHotel Manager415-284-4057Andre.Brosestregis.com
The St. Regis never disappoints, we stayed in a lovely room with a view of the new Salesforce tower. The light and bright room was welcoming and well appointed as expected. All of the staff we interacted with were friendly and focused on serving our needs with a smile. The St. Regis beds are amazing, I am shopping their site to buy a St. Regis mattress for our home so I can sleep this well at home soon. This is a delightful place to stay in the San Fran.
My wife and I took a long weekend trip to San Francisco to celebrate our 10th anniversary. By random chance it was Fleet Week so everything was full and busy. Even with the crowds and a Democratic National Committee fundraiser in the building, the staff made us feel welcome and special. The breakfast at the restaurant on the 4th() floor was impeccable as well.Dear Scott M,Thank you for taking the time to share your review of your recent stay at The St. Regis San Francisco. We are honored that you chose our hotel to celebrate your anniversary, and pleased to hear that you had an exceptional experience. Please do not hesitate to contact me directly prior to your next visit to San Francisco as we hope to welcome you and your wife back soon.Sincerely, Anthony Duggan Hotel Manager 415-284-4057 anthony.dugganstregis.com
We had our second stay at the St Regis San Francisco for our annual December SF dining weekend--our first was in 2014, though I've had a few business stays in the meantime. Overall, we still love this hotel--but we did experience a few hiccups with service that gave us pause. The hotel has already provided us with a complimentary stay for 2016 to make up for the problems this year, so we feel the hotel got the message and definitely has taken steps to make it up to us.We were informed of our upgrade from the Astor to Metropolitan Suite in an email from my Ambassador the night before arrival. Yet on arrival, they didn't have us in the Metropolitan Suite. After 25 min and showing the email confirmation, we finally were given the keys to the correct suite. This was a big hiccup, but since we got the upgrade I was willing to let it go.The suite and design of the hotel and and everything about it is still near-perfect for me. I love the design of the property, and the layout of the suites/rooms. I love its location in SoMa. I love the food/beverage, from the restaurant, room service and the lobby bar. Everyone is very friendly.We did have several housekeeping mistakes, and the management response to those was less than satisfactory. Even after our complaints, housekeeping still managed to screw up, something that I'd not experienced on any previous stay at this hotel. The fact that this was the weekend immediately prior to the Christmas holiday made me wonder if the property might be a bit understaffed or under-managed. We also had issues with wifi, both in the room (which was fixed in a few hours) and in the restaurant (which was fixed in about 20 min). We finally had issues with trying to reach our butler(s) on several occasions. We would call and it would ring and ring and ring with no answer on numerous tries. That was also another first for us at this hotel. We often had to call another department to be connected to the butler or front desk, and even then it took more time than it should have. That again made us wonder if the hotel was understaffed due to the imminent holiday period.Otherwise, again, we still love this hotel. Considering that we've had nothing but near-flawless visits here, we were and are most willing to give the hotel the benefit of the doubt. The fact that the hotel management awarded us a free 3 night stay for next December 2016 to remedy the mistakes of this visit more than made up for us for the lack of excellent service in the instances described above. We have faith that these were unusual slip-ups, and I still look forward to returning. I also have several business trips to SF planned in 2016, and I expect to be staying here for those, as well.Dear Bill R,Thank you for taking the time to share your thoughts on your recent stay at The St. Regis San Francisco. I regret hear of the delays in service that you received during this visit, and sincerely appreciate your understanding and loyalty to our hotel. We look forward to welcoming you back on several occasions in 2016, but please do not hesitate to contact me directly at any time.Sincerely, Anthony Duggan Hotel Manager 415-284-4057 anthony.dugganstregis.com
The St. Regis San Fran is a beautiful high-rise property in a great location in one of my favorite cities. The staff was highly-attentive, but never intrusive. The room service was phenommenal and always hot, delicious, and on-time. The beds and high tech window controls were wonderful too. I didn't get a chance to eat at Ame, but I heard wonderful things about the restaurant in the hotel. The bar area was always popular for cocktails and the gym was fantastic. I would highly recommned making reservations at Gary Danko for dinner, one of the best meals I've ever had! Also Boulevard and Postrio were fantastic and R G Lounge has amazing, authentic chinesse food. I also loved Taylor's Refresher along the Embarcadero for fun and delicious diner style food in an open, casual atmosphere.Overall, the St. Regis is the place to stay if you are looking for one of the best hotels in San Fran with luxury, privacy, and amazing service.
I'm a gold Starwood member and membership definitely has its perks. One place where you can definitely take advantage of great opportunities is the St. Regis in San Francisco. I've never had a less than stellar experience here. Stay in an Executive Premier guest room. Terrific value, space, design and comfort. Opt for the butler service -- always spot on and an amazing asset during your stay, from wake up service to the little touches, they anticipate your needs - the butler service is one of the hallmarks of the St. Regis experience. Gin and tonic Why yes, please.I stay at the St. Regis when I have friends in from out of town or when I just need a few days of aaaahhh time or when I'm returning from a long haul flight. I'm never disappointed. Ever. If you have the chance and the budget, do yourself a favor and stay at this truly world-class hotel.
The staff were great. Christian at the front desk was terrific and truly offered a luxury experience. Housekeeping staff did a great job and were nice enough to run my wife's bath prior to returning to the hotel (several times, sorry). Private dining breakfast was not the best but again the attendant was very accommodating. We didn't have a chance to experience the spa and pool. Only negative feedback would be that the windows were not soundproof. Overall a very pleasant stay and would return.
It's unfortunate that I only stayed one night because this is a wonderful hotel. The room was so tranquil with neutral colors and simple yet elegant and comfortable furnishings. The bathroom is well appointed with a large vanity area and a deep soaking tub which fills quickly. It is open to the bedroom but with a panel that can be closed for privacy. The bed is so comfortable with the softest sheets. The staff is friendly and helpful. Having checked in somewhat late and being a Starwood member (which was acknowledged at check-in) a request for a (brief) late checkout was honored without any problem. I have found that in general bring polite and reasonable helps a great deal with requests like these. My rate included breakfast which was fresh and plentiful. The service at Vitrine was friendly and quick. I was not there long enough to try the spa, pool or fitness facilities but the look great and I hope to go back for a longer stay and try them. My only complaint about the hotel is the cost to park. The valets are quick and friendly but that doesn't entirely justify over 50 to park for overnight. Also, and this is just a general gripe, I encountered a few spoiled and rude fellow guests who seemed to think that paying a premium for a hotel room entitles them to slam doors and be generally disruptive in public areas. It's just a general wish that people would be polite and act appropriately. I won't blather on about staying on some of the world's best hotels, blah, blah, blah. However the St. Regis San Francisco in my opinion ranks with those in terms of location, service, amenities and comfort.
What can I say it is the St Regis. This is a newer building and everything is done with taste and thought. From driving up to walking into check in, to your room. Decor: Very contemporary, but comfortable. Unlike the W which goes for modern mostly the St. Regis San Francisco keeps it clean and contemporary yet tasteful and comfortable. Great earth tone colors and tasteful art through out the building. Food: They have a lobby lounge which is great for just hanging out, having a meeting, or wanting to have a little snack. Nice atmosphere not too quiet, not too loud. They have Art of Tea which is served daily between 2-4pm and reservation are recommended, and finally their restaurant the Grill which is a contemporary dining. Beautiful dishes, great tastes and really if you just want a nice dinner without leaving the hotel you really can't go wrong, but again you are in San Francisco.. Rooms: Well the rooms as I said are amazing. Very clean, very contemporary but comfortable. huge windows allow you to see amazing views of the city and parks. Everything is automated, the bathrooms are large and comfortable. If you like the finer things in life, or want to take your partner on a romantic night this is it. Staff: Again A+ the entire experience was amazing including their staff. The butler service was on point and I really have zero complaints.. A+Dear petewright09,We appreciate you taking the time to share a review about your recent experience at the St. Regis San Francisco. We are thrilled that you enjoyed the guestroom dcor, our culinary offerings and felt well accommodated by our staff and butler service. We look forward to welcoming you back to the best address in the near future. Warm regards,Andr BroseHotel Manager
Spent two days here prior to a conference that was being held at nearby Moscone Center.Took BART from Airport to this hotel - very easy and fast. Hotel is about 5 minute walk from the Montgomery Street station. Arrived at Noon - room was not yet ready. Front Desk attendant took my phone number and said they would call when room become available - but they never called. Not a big problem - I went out and enjoyed the sights. Came back around 3:30 and was then able to check-into my room. Was given a north-facing room on the top floor (top floor of hotel, that is - the upper floors of the building are for the St. Regis Residences). Room decor was very serene and calming. Never heard anything from outside or other quests while I was here! Bathroom was especially nice, with lots of room, wonderful amenities, rainforest shower and separate soaking tub. Everything in the room seemed fine, except for my master-control panel - some of the features just wouldn't work (phone, radio control, etc.) - I never called for assistance, just got by with using the other phone (think there were four phones total in the room). Bed and linens were OMG spectacular. Slept like a baby and felt wonderful when I woke up!Took any early morning swim in the pool - very nice - and it was great that the pool is open 24/7. Fitness center was well-equipped, and super clean.Ate Breakfast at the hotel restaurant - which was lovely, but quite expensive. Lobby bar and main restaurant looked lovely, but I didn't have a chance to experience them. Visited the Museum of African Diaspora which is accessible from first floor of the hotel - very nice place. The hotel has a great location for visiting the fine arts museums - many within a block or two - Yerba Beuna Gardens, Jewish Heritage, Museum of Modern Art. Also just a couple blocks from the high-end shopping of Union Square.If you are seeking a space of serene luxury in the heart of the SF hustle and bustle, the St Regis definitely delivers.
My husband and I just returned from yet another wonderful stay at the St Regis San Francisco. Three nights again in a beautiful and spacious Metropolitan Suite with proper blackout shades installed in 2016 per my request. Air con was great as always. Had our dog with us again, too.Service and food/beverage again were fabulous. Spectacular Platinum recognition, as always, due both to my Ambassador level status and the fact that I stay here many times every year. (I'll be back again in late August.)The only misses were:(1) Concierge had sloppy mistakes confusing our party sizes for bookings at 2* Commis and 3* Saison. Created a bit of confusion and a little exasperation when arriving at Saison and booking was under wrong name. Settled but stupid.(2) Twice had calls to butler ring way too long before anyone picked up. Pet peeve of mine.(3) Room service didnt have pork sandwich as per menu for a lunch order, then brought my chicken sandwich ordered without avocado...but with avocado--and not toasted fully. Stupid and not impressive. Replaced quickly and whole lunch order was compd.Obviously, the service recovery was wonderful in each instance. But those are mistakes that this hotel doesn't usually make.Still, we had a truly fabulous stay with amazing service otherwise. Everyone knows us by name. Butler service was fab. Packing and unpacking were great. Pressing and shoe shine were done with aplomb. Great service at the amazing bar, at the restaurant for breakfast, from the front desk, valets, everyone.This still is my favorite hotel by far in SF. And it now ties with the StR NY as my 2 favorites in the whole of the USA.Dear Bill R,Thank you for taking the time to share your review of your recent stay at The St. Regis San Francisco. We were delighted to welcome you back to the Best Address, and sincerely appreciate your kind words regarding our associates and service. I apologize for the two misses in service, and truly value your comments and feedback. Please do not hesitate to contact us at any time, as we look forward to your next visit to the hotel.Sincerely,Andre BroseHotel Manager
Our family of five (myself, my wife, and our three daughters) had booked a room as part of a block of guests for my wife's cousin's wedding on Saturday, onsite at the St. Regis hotel scheduled for 6:00 pm. I confirmed that we'd receive a double bed room in a few days ahead of our arrival, which was the same afternoon of the wedding.I called at 2:00pm that afternoon, an hour before the official check-in time of 3:00pm and the front desk told me they were finishing up our room, took down my cell phone number, and would call me when it was ready.We arrived around 2:30pm, stepped up to the counter to check-in at 2:50pm and our room was still not ready. OK, we thought perhaps a few more minutes ... which ticked away, and away, and away! My wife went back and asked for our room because we had to get prepared for the wedding! While the desk personnel were apologetic, they tried to offer a handicap accessible room, which we did not want. Then they tried to blame the situation on the fact that we had booked a king room on the reservation block for which they had already written and confirmed we reserved. The clock is ticking past 4:30pm ... and finally we get our room keys!We hurry outside to where our bags have been sitting on a luggage cart, tell the attendant that we have our room and need our bags immediately to prepare for the wedding, now about 1 hour away! We thought our bags would arrive on the heels of our entering the room, but NO ... again waiting ... so we started to prep the younger girls ... still no bags!My sixteen year old daughter went back down stairs and found our bags had not moved! She was livid ... and finally got them to start moving the cart. It was 5:15pm by the time our bags came. I understand that porter was just doing his job, when he asked if he could set up our bags in any particular place or if we needed ice, or how to operate the room controls ... but at that moment our immediate needs were for him to get the bags in the room as fast as possible and to leave so we can dress for the wedding! We all rapidly threw ourselves together ... my wife having triple duty ... in order to arrive a few floors down for the wedding.The entire experience of checking in was horrendous. From the call to confirm at 2:00 pm until we got our room and finally our bags! Not one of the hotel staff exhibited any sense of urgency for our situation. To appease us, they offered and we accepted to park our car onsite for a free night.On an afternoon full of anticipation for seeing family and friends at the wedding and reception (also at the St. Regis) ... we went through a tremendous amount of stress from that check-in experience. We're seasoned travelers so we can and have handled the ups and downs of travel ... in this case, I had to double my normal 24 hour rule for posting a negative review, because I'm still fuming. A five star hotel such as the St. Regis should never have their guests wait 2 hours past their own published check-in time to access their room.Dear Valued Guest,Thank you for sharing your thoughts on your recent stay at The St. Regis San Francisco. I sincerely apologize on behalf of our entire staff for the extended delay upon arrival to your room and the multiple inconveniences that were caused to you and your family. I encourage you to contact me directly so that we may further discuss the details of your stay, and how we may improve this unfortunate experience. Sincerely,Anthony DugganHotel Manager415-284-4057Anthony.dugganstregis.com
This hotel by far is the best hotel to stay for couple or business trip. It's super clean and nice. The staffs are extremely helpful and friendly. I definitely will stay here again for future business trips!Dear 850bond007,Thank you for taking the time to share your review of your recent stay at The St. Regis San Francisco. We sincerely appreciate your high recommendation of our hotel and look forward to welcome you back to the Best Address in the near future.Sincerely,Anthony DugganHotel Manager415-284-4057anthony.dugganstregis.com
Have spent five nights in this nice hotel perfectly located , only couple of minutes from Union Square.We had two connecting rooms accomodating five of us, both perfectly decorated , very spacious and well maintained. Staff is extremly friendly and willing to help. With my youngest daughter have also used pool which is quite largem, clean and not crowded. Only complaint is cost of in room wi-fi access (this kind of hotel should have it complimentary) as well as breakfast arrangements - although waitress are helpfull and polite - 20 minutes to get eggs and croissiants is not acceptable (and also quote expensive)Dear Guest,We would like to thank you for taking the time to review The St. Regis San Francisco. We are pleased to hear that you and your family had a wonderful stay with us and enjoyed our room dcor and hotel amenities. I apologize for the delay in your breakfast service and appreciate your comments regarding the in room wi-fi. I encourage you to contact me directly so that we may discuss the details of your stay and how we may improve your experience.Sincerely,William FongHotel Manager415-284-4057
Recently stayed at the St. Regis at the beginning of July. Our stay at the hotel was amazing and it was made even better by the friendly staff. The concierge, Eric, was extremely helpful in recommendations of where to eat and also what wineries to visit. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting San Francisco.Dear Melissa C,Thank you for sharing your review of your recent stay at The St. Regis San Francisco. I am delighted to hear that you had a wonderful experience and that our concierge team was able to assist you in planning your trip. Please do not hesitate to contact me directly, as we hope to welcome you back to the best address soon.Sincerely,Anthony DugganHotel Manager415-284-4057anthony.dugganstregis.com
Very smartly located next to the Metreon and the conference center as well as the MOMA. If you are in town for a conference this is for you!If you are a tourist then this is not your best bet as this hotel sits two blocks South of Market St.Suites are very large and boast a dining room, a TV area with a large sofa, a separate bedroom and an expansive bathroom (separate toilets). Amenities are from Remde so top of the line. You will find those products in their Remde spa as well (located on the 6th floor).Gym + indoor pool.Metropolitan suites come with a 24/24 private butler service but expect a VERY slow service. If you order a bottle of champagne to treat your big clients in your suite expect to wait at least 30 min.No coffee maker, no tea kettle, nothing that you can make yourself. Each and every cup of coffee/tea must be ordered through the butler service and expect another long wait.No extra comforter, pillows.Summary: nice and large suites but service can definitely be improved.Dear Guest,Thank you for taking the time to review The St. Regis San Francisco. We are pleased that you enjoyed our guestroom dcor and spa amenities during your stay. I appreciate your comments about the Butler service, and apologize for the inconvenience that the delay caused you. I encourage you to contact me directly so that we may discuss the details of your stay and how we may improve your experience. Sincerely,William FongHotel Manager415-284-4057
What a wonderful hotel!!! 5 nights in a room with a great view over the Gardens with hills and sunset in the background. Service is over the top. I think St. Regis has figured out how to know what I want before I do. The food in the restaurants was very good. Concierge staff knew their stuff - great recommendations for places to walk, restaurants, etc. Surrounded by nice museums. We had a great stayDear Guest,We appreciate your review on your most recent stay at The St. Regis San Francisco. I am pleased to hear that you had a wonderful experience at our hotel. It also delights me that our associates delivered uncompromising and bespoke service to you during your visit. Thank you for your feedback and we hope to host you again upon your next trip to San Francisco.Sincerely,William FongHotel Manager415-284-4057
My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights because of the close proximity to Moscone Center, the art museum and great shopping, and of course because of the reviews on Trip Advisor. (How did we ever travel before Trip Advisor) Loved our time here. We requested and were given a quiet room - on the 17th floor. Everything about the St. Regis is stylish and modern (though not as great as the St. Regis in Manhattan). I loved the TV in the bathroom. Minor annoyances - the tv remote didn't work - probably dead batteries there was no price list for the overpriced wine in the wet bar - it took 20 minutes to have one sent up the electronic control center on the nightstand acted up a few times, turning the lights on in the middle of the night and I find it annoying to be charged extra for the wi-fi use (15/day). Regarding a couple comments posted earlier about the hallway carpeting, I loved it - a really fun design element. (will post a photo of it) We had the best meal of our stay in the hotel restaurant. The lap pool was warm and beautiful and empty - unfortunately I forgot my suit. Too bad the spa didn't have a basic suit to sell, like they do in some hotels. I would happily stay here again. By the way, San Francisco,what's up with the homeless people on your streets I've never seen so much panhandling and yelling and screaming and craziness and was actually afraid in some situations.
As with any St. Regis, the level of service here is incredible. I had to stay for a few days for business earlier in the year and with a tight schedule, the hotel and comfort level of sleeping was really important to me.Rooms are very well designed. Bed is very comfortable. Staff attends to every and any need that you might have. I can't say enough good things about their attention to detail and customer service.Dear OnlySane,Thank you so much for taking the time to review your most recent stay at the St. Regis San Francisco. We are delighted to hear that you enjoyed your stay, and enjoyed a restful night's sleep! We look forward to welcoming you back soon to San Francisco's 'Best Address'!Warm Regards,Andre BroseHotel Manager
Great hotel, great location. Win.Win.WinThe lobby bar and tenders super phenomenal with crazy yummy cocktails. The sushi bar is also a wonderful experience, talk about fresh and tending to your every wish.Super quick walk to Ferry terminal and Union Square. Have stayed in San Francisco many times and this will now be my hotel HQDear Guest,Thank you for taking time to share your recent experience at The St. Regis San Francisco. Providing memorable experiences is what we take pride in, so we are happy to hear that we created an enjoyable stay for you. Your kind words are greatly appreciated and we hope to welcome you into our doors in the near future.Sincerely,William FongHotel Manager415-284-4057
One of the top stays in the U.S., stayed in a suite with an adjoining den.Excellent quality of service including kid size slippers and robe - unbeatable at most other hotels.Ambiance in the hotel is nice, and room is very clean and well appointed.Highly recommend staying here.
This hotel is everything you would hope for. Beautifully appointed. Great comfort. Good restaurants and bar. Excellent location. And most of all, a superlative staff. We were treated with care and expertise by this wonderful group of people. I can't remember being this happy in any hotel and I plan to return whenever possible. Highly recommended!Dear Guest,Your kind words are very much appreciated and we thank you for taking time to share your most recent experience at The St. Regis San Francisco. We pride ourselves in providing exceptional service and we are happy to hear that we were able to create a memorable experience for you. We hope to welcome you into our doors again on your next visit to San Francisco.Sincerely,William FongHotel Manager415-284-4057
Astonishing with this hotel was the old building left in the middle of shopping centers, high buildings. The tram station was just outside as Wallgreens beside.HM and Macy's etc. What do you ask more for a perfect location I had probably the cheapest room, but it was just perfect. A bath tub to relax my pains. Breakfast wasn't included, but who needs that if there are a hundred places nearby to eat every hour of the day. Hop-on-off buses leave just 100m away. It was just sooo perfect. Early reservation is highly recommended
This the first time to San Francisco that I have not stayed in the area of Fisherman's Warf, and the Hotel Vertigo has changed my perspective of San Francisco. The Warf is a great area, but it is all tourists. When we go to SF, we like to walk (a lot) and visit the places the locals go. The Hotel Vertigo is in a great location for branching out all over the city. And, on those days when you just want to hang out - there are plenty of restaurants and bars within blocks. Hotel Vertigo is a seven story boutique hotel. Over the last couple of years I have made the decision to only stay in boutique hotels, and Hotel Vertigo does not disappoint. The rooms are small, but very well appointed. It is apparent that my room had recently been renovated with modern chic. The bathroom was huge with a great rain shower head. The room was on par with some of my recent stays in Madrid and Mexico City. Excellent WiFi coverage all over the hotel. My only complaint was that I had an inside corner room (709) on the 7th floor that adjoined another room. The door to the adjoining room was not very sound proof so I almost clearly heard TV and conversation in the next room. This was only a problem one night for about an hour before a fell to sleep after a long day of exploring the city. The staff here are amazing. They were always ready to help us with directions, taxis and recommendations. The rooms are cleaned very quickly each day with great detail. My friends have been staying at Hotel Vertigo for years and I'm glad they convinced me to stay here this time. I'll be back in a few months with my girlfriend and I know she will love the Hotel Vertigo. Dear Cortesokc,Thank you very much for your comprehensive review of your experience in San Francisco while staying at the Hotel Vertigo. I'm delighted that took advantage of our location and neighborhood feel along with the wonderful interactions you had with the Housekeeping and Front desk staff. We look forward to you returning with your girlfriend to the Hotel Vertigo!Regards,Luis Morales
We stayed there for 2 nights and staff were very friendly and helpful. It was in a great location and quite central to restaurants and cafe's. bed was comfy and bathroom was nice and clean. I would go back again if visiting San Francisco.Dear Julie M,We certainly appreciate that you took the time to share your review about your recent stay with us and the Trip Advisor community. We are pleased that you enjoyed our accommodations and service! We hope to welcome you back on your next trip to San Francisco, thanks again!Best regards,Haiyi Hotels Worldwide
Great location, close to Union Square and bus routes but not right in the middle of all the noise. Convenient grocery stores and coffee shops nearby. The front desk staff was extremely knowledgeable and helpful. We arrived early and they were quick to arrange an early check-in for us. The rooms are modern and well-appointed. The lobby is bright and comfortable. We were so pleased with our stay. This is a great value in the city!!!
we enjoyed the hotel but it needs more amenities-they were building a new cafe-but there was no bar /gym/breakfast-which is a pity as it is a great building which they have improved.the room was good sized and clean.however the price is way too high for what you receive.Dear tigerdw,We certainly appreciate your feedback about your recent stay with us and are pleased that you enjoyed our hotel. Indeed, you are right, we are currently building a new cafe and wine bar, which will set to open this Fall. In addition, our new fitness center and business center will be open then as well. We hope to welcome you back on your next visit to San Francisco!Best regards,NickHaiyi Hotels San Franciscofor Hotel Vertigo
We booked through Orbitz, which included a 'non-refundable' policy. We asked to reschedule (not cancel) due to a death in the family. Vertigo denied the request via Orbitz. We were disappointed that Vertigo couldnt afford more flexibility. Consider booking elsewhere if life might happen.Hi Mark N,I'm disappointed and sad to hear that Orbitz did not communicate your request to modify your reservation. Orbitz is the company that charged you and could refund your credit card directly as I communicated this to them as well. I wish you would have booked directly to avoid 3rd party issues with these companies and hope you called me directly so that we could have accommodated your request due to this unfortunate incident. Please contact me directly at 415-885-6800 and/or email me at jgonzalezhaiyi-hotels.com so that I can assist you in this matter.Jaime Gonzalez
Had such a fantastic stay, rooms were fabulous, staff were helpful and always there to help, take away coffee in the morning was a god send to start trekking down to fisherman's wharf approx 30 minute walk and 10 minute walk to union square, fabulous location. Caf across the road open from am for early birds and convenient store and sandwich stop on same street.Dear Maz M,Our location is perfect for those visiting Union Square and all the sights of San Francisco. Our highest aim is total guest satisfaction and by sharing you would be inspired to return we know we have done our jobs well. Thank you for choosing to stay with us and leaving this generous review. We hope to welcome you back soon!Luis MoralesHotel Manager
Spent 3 nights at the Vertigo and can't really find anything to complain about check in was quick easy and friendly, our room on floor 7 was clean, big enough for us and fairly quiet other than an italian couple who deemed it acceptable at 7am to laugh and chat at the top of their voices! Walls are quite thin Used gym which was good for a hotel this size decent coffee in room and downstairs, good location for union sq and other neighbourhoods all In all a pleasant stayDear DJH1973,Thank you so much for your 5 star review - I am happy to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us and that you did not let the loud couple affect your wonderful stay at the Hotel Vertigo. We look forward to having you again as our guest!Warm regards,Jaime GonzalezFront Office ManagerHotel Vertigo
Would recommend for couples-close to a very good restaurant Nobb Hill cafe and walking distance to grace cathedral. Most tours will pick up at this location as well. Free printer ATM and fitness center all made our trip much more convenientDear Alexis,Thank you so much for your fantastic review. We love to hear about our guests enjoying the facilities so we are pleased that you left Vertigo Hotel with wonderful thoughts. We are also happy to hear that you enjoyed the Wine Hour we currently have. Again, thank you for your thoughtful review. We look forward to your next stay in San Francisco!Luis MoralesHotel Manager
Great value for the money and good location to explore SF. Beds are very comfortable and rooms are clean and good size. Only complaints about the room are lack of a comfortable chair and the dresser. The dresser is in the closet and is difficult to access which is annoying during a long stay. There is no exercise room (supposed to be coming) and no business center or conference room ( also supposed to be coming).Would stay again, but just aware of limitations.
We stayed here for five days in the beginning of November. The location is fine for exploring San Francisco, close to transportation and only about ten minutes away from Union Square. The staff were very helpful and friendly. Our early morning wake up call for the half marathon was as requested. We really enjoyed our stay. The coffee in the lobby is great for early mornings.Thank you so much for your review and the compliments about our location, coffee and our friendly staff. I'm delighted that you had a good stay and that you had fun running the half marathon. We look forward to having again.Jaime GonzalezFront Office ManagerHotel Vertigo
The hotel has a central location and we stayed here in October 2011 (room 301), therefore we booked again this year. Some upgrades are required such as the Wifi which was very slow or did not work at all(room 601). The beds are very comfortable, but the technical standard is not in accordance with the high room rate. Shower system should be changed in order to save high water consumption (general water restrictions in California).Nice staff Vidar A. B,Thank you for sharing the details of your experience both positive and negative during your stay. I have contacted our Internet provider as we had an upgrade completed 3 weeks ago increasing our bandwidth along with wi-fi upgrades to meet the higher demands and usage of internet. In the future when making reservations please feel free to reach out to me directly for assistance at jgonzalezhaiyi-hotels.com. We hope you give us another opportunity in the future to exceed your expectations.Best,Jaime
Very good stay and excellent value for money. Friendly staff and quiet rooms (though no view) it was a great base and one I'd be tempted to use again. It's central Ian big US city so yes they're small but otherwise very good. Staff lovely and location excellent - worth wandering up Hyde or Polk to union for some lovely SF fun. Only downside was that they don't have a car park but they have a good deal with the secure public lot at 840 Sutter - just 200m away.Dear Matt W,Thank you very much for your review of our hotel. I am thrilled to hear that you enjoyed your stay and wanted to let you know how much we appreciate your taking the time to share your experience on Trip Advisor. We look forward to welcoming you back as our guest on a future visit into San Francisco!Best regards,Nick DalisayArea Director of SalesHaiyi Hotels Worldwide
Check in staff were so helpful and cheerful. We arrived quite late and was promptly checked in so we could do rest. The room was spacious and very clean. Shower cubicle was spacious. Toiletries included. Not the best of locations in San Fran but by far not the worst either. We enjoyed the walk to Fishermans Wharf. There's a hop-on-hop-off bus stop fairly close too. Great value for money Dear Kate G,Thank you for choosing the Hotel Vertigo during your recent visit to San Francisco. We appreciate your feedback regarding your experience with us and are delighted to hear you enjoyed our accommodations as well as the excellent hospitality provided by our team. We look forward to welcoming you back to San Francisco in the future!Best regards,NickHaiyi Hotels San Franciscofor Hotel Vertigo
Booked online without taking proper account of location which is in an area which is looking rather tired and feels a bit downmarket. Reception area was undergoing some refurbishment. Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful.Stay was okay and room basic and comfortable but would not want to stay so far from Union Square on next visitDear industryvet,Your comments about your stay with us are much appreciated and we thank you for taking the time to share your experience with us! Glad to hear that our team provided you excellent hospitality during your stay. We hope to welcome you back to San Francisco on your next visit.Best regards,NickHaiyi Hotels San Franciscofor Hotel Vertigo
A nice clean hotel, a little away from all the attractions but a nice friendly hotel. At the time of our visit there was some refurbishments going on, but did not cause any problems. Do not expect any views from this hotel as it in the middle of the town.Dear hylton h,Your comments about your stay with us are much appreciated and we thank you for taking the time to share your experience with us! We are delighted to hear that you enjoyed the accommodations as well as the service of our team. We hope to welcome you back to San Francisco on your next visit.Best regards,NickHaiyi Hotels San Franciscofor Hotel Vertigo
We stayed four nights at the Hotel Vertigo. It is a great location for many San Francisco attractions if you like to walk and take the cable cars. There are many bars and restaurants near by as well. The room is clean and has all you need. The desk staff is friendly.
Booked thru booking.com and got a great rate. The room was very nice and the location is very convenient. I would advise not walking too far down the hill on Leavenworth towards Market. It gets a little seedy, but every other direction is perfect for walking around. The service was great and the rooms are updated. The decor is very nice as well---- room walls are not sound proof in the least, so light sleepers take warning!
We booked a 2 queen bed room and were given one with 1 queen bed which seemed like a dungeon. The room looked out onto a brick wall on the ground floor at the back of the hotel - it was awful, very depressing. Asked to be moved and got a lovely room at the front of the hotel on the 6th floor. Apart from that the hotel was good. A bit of a walk to the centre but not too bad. The staff very very helpful and friendly.
Nice spacious and modern room. Two large double beds.There was a nice gym that i used everyday which had just enough equipment to keep my happy.Walking distance to union square and most places aren't too much in a cab.Nice coffee in the room and in the morning downstairs.I would recommended this hotel. Dear Blackrose31,Thank you for an outstanding review! We are elated to hear how much you enjoyed your stay. We sincerely appreciate the time you took to provide your comments and feedback. We are pleased that you enjoyed our gym, the complimentary coffee in the morning and great location! We hope that you'll join us again soon, and we look forward to your return!See you soon,Jaime GonzalezFront Office ManagerHotel Vertigo
Loved The Vertigo! Rooms were unique. Hotel was very clean. It's not a 5* hotel but staff was so very helpful. Free wi-fi in the room. Very nice location! Walked to chinatown and Union Square. The only complaint: We were offered a breakfast with our rate and the yogurt was warm. They just had a boxed breakfast sitting in the back room where It should be in the fridge. It's better to go 2 doors down to the breakfast place. It's inexpensive and the food was good. I would stay here again in a heartbeat. The men that worked the front desk were the best. They could answer anything and were very helpful. Can't wait to go back someday!
1st time we went to this hotel in SF. I was a little cautious with low expectations due to the decent deal i got online with them. Only good surprises: Very nice staff, used to deal with international visitors and making the effort to speak other languages. Rooms are a little small but their design is tasteful. We had a comfortable bed, enjoyed a quiet sleep with almost no noise. If the hotel does not provide breakfast other than Coffee or tea, there' s a chinese 'diner' type at the next corner that will fulfill your needs for cheap.I ll go back there for my next trip in SFDear NicoCT,Thank you so much for offering your comments. I do appreciate you taking the time to recognize our staff, the great deal you found online and to our convenient location. We hope your travels lead you back to San Francisco sometime soon.Best regardsLuis MoralesHotel Manager
I was looking forward to giving this hotel an amazing review, but I can't our last night was the worst! I'll start with the good. Good:Check-in we were greeted by Sean. He has his customer service skills down! He was always friendly and willing to help. He told us how to work the shower. This saves people time so they don't have to call asking how it works. Easy to work, but I would not have known how to use it right away. So pay attention! He was able to put us in a room before check-in time (Which is at 3pm) we arrived around 11am. So everything was fine in our room. Something to note: when people close their doors its loud. There was noise in the night when sirens went by. But it was okay because our room was towards the back. Its location helps in that there isn't that much traffic so its less noisy than a hotel closer to Market St. (Our first trip to SF we were right off Market and we had to use earplugs) Free WiFi. One of the big reasons we chose this hotel was because it came with a mini fridge. We were able to store our food and water in there. Bad:On our last night I had just finished flossing and was throwing it away. I was leaning to spit into the sink as I am doing this a big cockroach is climbing out. This freaked me out and I screamed there's a cockroach. My sister who I am sharing a room with tells me to call the front desk. I do and ask if they have RAID or a bug spray he says no that he would send someone up. A man comes up I tell him where I saw it. He checks the whole bathroom and doesn't find it. I ask again if they have a spray he says no and says something about how they don't have those here (Meaning they don't have cockroaches). Then as he didn't find it he says what threw me over the edge You know your eyes can play tricks you. When he said that to me I just stared at him boiling inside and didn't say anything. After he said that I told my sister I was not going to speak to him anymore. To make a customer question what they saw and make them feel like they are crazy is just wrong. This upset me more than the cockroach. He told us to calm down and he said again that your eyes play tricks on you. My sister responded by saying she believes me and he proceeds to say if we want to change rooms in a tone you could hear he was getting mad/irritated by the situation. My sister informs him that it is our last night plus we were already in our pajamas ready to sleep (this all took place 11pm-12pm) really late. So my sister decides we sleep with the lights on. I don't know when my sister decided to dim them. But like an hour later my sister wakes up and she spots it near our bed. She tells me to call again. This time I reached for my glasses and my phone first. Ready to take a picture because the man did not believe me the first time. The cockroach went back to the bathroom and my sister followed it and watched where it would go. I called they sent the same man and he came in and my sister told him where it was. He then said he got it and said sorry and that his supervisors would not be happy. I didn't say anything to him. This took place at like 1-2 in the morning. We didn't sleep well which sucked because we had to catch our flight that morning. I'm giving them an average rating because everything was fine until that last night...Dear espy610,Thank you for your detailed review of the amenities and the friendly staff that assisted you throughout your stay. I have passed on your compliments to Sean and I want thank you for the opportunity you gave me to resolve your issue. As our reviews indicate we strive to provide superior customer service, impeccable rooms and make all of our guests feel that we have exceeded their expectations. Per our conversation please reach out to me in the future for reservations if your travels lead you back to San Francisco.Regards,Jaime
Stay for 2 nights on October with my wife. The hotel decoration is very classy, from the lobby up to our room. Check-in and check-out is very smooth. Location wise, even it is close to some major attractions (Union square, etc) but also close to Tenderloin which make us feels a bit insecure (not their fault btw). Only problem is on our last day just before check-out when we waited for the lift for nearly 10 mins. We've got to drag our heavy luggage and found out that the lift is out of service. At least put some sign on each floor that the lift is broken. Otherwise everything else should be ok.Dear Andai,We are so fortunate to have you and your wife as our guests this year in our hotel. We thank you for taking the time to leave us your review. More importantly, we are glad our staff was able to have a smooth check-in and check-out for you. We do apologized for the lift breaking down on your last day with us, we do thank you for your feedback and we will definitely take the appropriate measurements on notifying people when it breaks down next time. We look forward to seeing you again and we appreciate your kind words.Luis MoralesHotel Manager
Hotel Vertigo was perfect,stayed in room 305 street view very clean,spacious room,lovely shower. Close to union square 10min walk area felt safe despite others previous comments. Definitely recommend.Hi Tandy, Fantastic! Thank you so much for your perfect review! We hope you visit us again the next time back in San Francisco!
Location is fabulous, we walked everywhere as it was so central to where we wanted to go. Rooms were clean and staff extremely helpful - it was our first time in San Francisco and they sorted us with eating advice, cheap hop on bus tickets...Special mention to Cynthia, Ayala and Greg on reception who were great!
The hotel has a certain charm all its own. Although the Vertigo has no restaurant , there were plenty of places nearby to choose from. It was cheap, clean and had free Wi Fi. The staff was courteous and helpful. The rooms did lack adequate drawer space and were a little small. The bathroom was cool- I liked the rainhead shower and the H20 products and the flat panel TV. I would still recommend The Vertigo to anyone wanting a inexpensive place to stay with personality.
Although this hotel could use a new coat of paint (which it appears they plan on doing in the new year), our room was clean, quiet, comfortable and inexpensive. I think the age of the hotel added to its charm and set it apart from most of the hotels I generally stay in - giving it character. It was definitely unique and the staff was very nice. They even upgraded our room upon our arrival. I definitely recommend this place if you want a location that is relatively close to downtown/union square without paying for the price of a downtown/union square hotel.
I really liked this hotel and the nice little features in the room. Also, it has a decent gym and the location is also good, maybe 15min walk to Union Square. On the other side, if you are in the wrong room, you can hear your neighbours talking. Even though, the hotel wasn't booked out and they had plenty of rooms available, they put us in the room next to the elevator. During that night, I didn't sleep more than 30 min. After complaining, they gave us a different room which was much better. But why not giving us a quiet room in the first place!Dear Tim E,Thank you very much for your review I am happy to hear that we were able to accommodate you in a quieter room resolving the noise issue. I am also happy to hear that you enjoyed your stay, and we hope you will be returning soon to the Hotel Vertigo.Warm Regards,Jaime GonzalezFront Office ManagerHotel Vertigo
I want to like the Vertigo Hotel. It's quaint. It's charming. It's off the beaten path. And its staircase has a Hitchcock movie connection. It is one of many renovated small hotels in San Francisco. I like boutique hotels. While it's several blocks from Union Square, I easily walked it. Its a bit closer to the Tenderloin and I suppose the nearby grittiness adds to the charm. It's a neighbourhood hotel, not in the middle of the city and touristy madness. The staff know the area and make good suggestions for restaurants and things to do.With respect to usability, especially for business, it leaves a lot to be desired. The wifi is slow. It is shabby and worn. At one point the Orange in the lobby was bright and modern. Now it is faded. Check in includes instructions on how to use the shower because it is not obvious. The website says parking is available but fails to mention it is either expensive valet or several blocks away. In the final analysis, while adequate for business, it is better suited for visitors on holiday. I am glad to have had the experience of staying there, but will probably choose another hotel for my next visit. And yet it remains charming.
Stayed a weekend. Good facilities and friendly staff. I dont agree with the worn down hotel statements. I thought the rooms were great and clean, looked newish.Location is also good, not in the middle of touristy FW, but in walking distance 20min.Dear TomERob,I shared your comments with our entire staff and it makes me happy that we are able to provide exceptional service. Thank you so much for your 4-star review as it validates the pride we take in creating a memorable experience at the Hotel Vertigo for every guest.Best regards,Luis MoralesHotel Manager
We went on a family vacation last June with our kids (10, 8, 4) and our friend recommended that we stay at the Hilton Universal since we really intended to visit Universal Studios since they have a free shuttle that goes around. We didn't have our own car and we had our friend bring us around the city.Rooms were big enough with 2 double beds to accommodate all of us though a little dated. Not much restaurants and shops in hotel and nearby -- mainly good if you're planning to go to Universal Studios.
Excellent, would definitely stay here again , even though we arrived early we were made to feel very welcome . The room was very comfortable, the Jacuzzi, swimming pool ( heated ) and sauna were superb.
Este hotel es un desastre, sucio, incomodo, poco estacionamiento, psima actitud del personal, lugar de desayuno insuficiente, en general un hotel espantoso, nunca volvera y jams recomendara.Amenidades nulas
Very good value. Clean room. Complimentary wifi , parking and breakfast. Great location - near highway, shopping, restaurants. Breakfast was adequate. Eating area was clean. Staff friendly and accommodating.
Not a bad place to stay on a budget, security is lacking as garage door to parking lot is open all day, anyone can enter thur elevator's. Continental breakfast is a plus. We had 2 Queen size bed's in our room they seemed more like double bed's
Staff always does an excellent job. The rooms are clean,location great as is the price for this area. No frills but very comfortable stay if thats what your looking for. I will recommend to friends and coworkers when in area.
I enjoyed my experience and would stay there again the locating was close to my business purpose and staff was polite and helpful. The breakfast was nice and my only complaint was I needed to wash my hands and didn't know where the washroom was located until the second day not complaints regarding anything additional. I will be staying there again in January.
Hampton Inn's are always a good choice when travelling for business, this however was not a business trip. As usual the value for the dollar is high here, but for me one of the best things was the ability to park UNDER the hotel in an enclosed parking facility. You don't often find THAT in a reasonably priced hotel. Highly recommended.
One of the nicest and friendliest Hampton's I have experienced. As a business traveler I value ease of access, location, cleanliness, efficient staff and good internet. Was not disappointed. About an 80 ride from San Diego Airport on Uber.
Staff was courteous helpful and friendly. Great location however would not stay there again. Complimentary breakfast was good. Free parking. Rooms are clean but in need of updating. Beds are not comfortable at all. Thank you for your review. We greatly appreciate your feedback and we sincerely apologize for the bedding issues that you experienced during your stay. We will be sure to take your comments about our property under consideration as we re-evaluate guest needs and continually work to improve our guest experience. We hope you will consider staying with us again the next time your travels bring you to our area.Thanks again,Hotel Management
Stayed there for a family trip. We had in mind to visit main attractions of SD area with kid, so staying in Hampton Inn made sense, equally close to SD ZOO and Sea World and to Lego Land. The complimentary breakfast was pretty good and saved us time in the morning(vs searching for breakfast place at some other location) Pool is outside and was too cold to use (wasn't that hot of a weather so). Clean rooms, kudos to housekeeping team.
I was recommended this property from a friend who works in the hospitality industry. We came in for my friend's birthday and the room was extremely spacious. The property was easy to find and perfectly located just a short Uber ride from the beach and the restaurants in the area. We came specifically for the pool, which was a little smaller than we were expecting but it was still nice to be able to enjoy it when it was fairly hot outside (like 80 degrees but I'm a baby about heat). We would definitely stay again.
We extended our stay in CA after a convention event and happened across the Del Mar Hampton. Close enough to the beach for easy access without getting ripped off by the coastal rates and within a short distance of Torrey Pines, Del Mar, Solona Beach and all of the shops and restaurant you could want. Staff-awesome service and help for all our travel needs
Del Mar Hampton Inn is 15 minutes from both Camp Pendleton and USMC Miramar where my conferences are held. Perfect location right on I-5. Great hotel. The hotel is very clean and staff go out of their way to help with anything. The breaksfast are nice, but the coffee is great. Overall this is one of my favorite Hampton Inns to stay at.
This is a great hotel. Nicely placed off the I-5. Restaurant in the front yard, Am/PM/Taco Bell in the backyard. Always clean. Nice breakfast. Nice workout room. Pet-friendly. We had a room with a very uncomfortable bed. Very strange for this place. Oh well. I highly recommend this hotel for anyone going to SD with pets or kids for that matter. You will love it
Good quiet location, close but not to close to the track and the beach. Close to the freeway and good restaurants. Quality hotel for the price in Del Mar. Helpful staff. Clean room, clean pool, clean sheets.
My wife and I love to stay at Hampton Inn because we know what to expect every time and for us that's a good thing. The only reason that I don't give it a 5 star review is that this location does not have fresh cookies. Only the Hampton's that have fresh cookies get a 5 star. Given that our stay included one of San Diego's wettest and coldest May day's in the past 100 years, we definitely enjoyed being able to park for free in the parking garage. It's the little things.
One night staff theaten to call police and lock the doors as one our members (coach was in the sitting area with a player). He was rude and could of spoke to the guests in a polite manner before giving the rude ultimatum as there was a loud party not from our group making noise the night before. Rooms has a old smell and I had to spray the pillows and sheets with frebreeze. Housekeeping missed cleaning our room one day as they said we refused cleaning, I asked all the guest in the room and they said this never happened. Also housekeeping was performed very late in many of our groups rooms. Perhaps more cleaning staff is needed during the busy Albion cup weekend. The internet needs faster speed, perhaps this is the way Hampton makes money if guest are frustrated with the complimentary internet.Rooms should have 2 queen beds instead of 2 double beds as they are very small for 4 adults. I used the coffee maker/fridge/microwave, happy they were available but they could use upgrading.The pool was cool and there was no hot tub. It would also be benificial to have laundry on site- even if we have to pay for it. Overall, I would not recommend this hotel to future guest on TripadvisorThank you for your review. We greatly appreciate your feedback and we sincerely apologize for the issues that you experienced during your stay. We will be sure to take your comments about our property under consideration as we re-evaluate guest needs and continually work to improve our guest experience. We hope you will consider staying with us again the next time your travels bring you to our area.Thank you,Hotel Management
Very nice Hampton Inn as always. Very nice staffs, they will help you with directions, things to do around town. I had a good experience while I stayed here for close to two months. Close to highway and shopping centers.
Hotel is just off Hwy 5. Visited UC-San Diego. Close to many shops and eating places. Used the fitness center. Room is large and clean. Breakfast has many good choices (eggs, waffles, bacon, cereal, croissants).
Staff here are Awesome! I was in a desparate need to find a place to stay last minute that was pet friendly. The hotel was easily accessable, the staff were wonderful, the room was clean, pleasant smelling and the linin was soft. The bed was great, too. Complimentary breakfast was the cherry on top! Definitely stay here if you can.
Stayed here for a week on vacation. Very nice hotel, quite clean. Easy access to almost anything you want to visit. Fairly quiet, some noise as it isn't too far off the highway. Had no trouble finding it. Breakfast area was one of the nicest we've seen and the service at breakfast was great, everything kept full and clean. Only negatives of our stay were they don't have any laundry facilities and if you request a refrigerator, they charge 10 a day. Would definitely stay here again.
I came to town for a conference. Although I wasn't super close to the event (due to last minute planning and lots of local events going on that week) I was completely satisfied. Initially, I was so upset to find that the Hilton was booked and my travel agent was trying to sell me on the Hampton Inn. I was forced to take this room. And after all the whining and complaining, I ended up loving it. I came in very late after visiting friends in LA. it seemed very SECLUDED, dark and a little scary. But once I got to the hotel I realized it was clean, up to date, stylish, trendy and the staff was extremely nice and accommodating. I was able to earn Hilton Honor rewards points. The breakfast was FREE and actually pretty good. Housekeeping was thorough and kept my room well stocked. While staying there for 4 days, I've came across several staff members, all just as nice, and helpful as the next. I would say I received just as good of service and the room was just about as nice as the Hilton Pasadena that I had just spent the previous nights at. But with this hotel i paid slightly less, i didn't have to pay for parking (but missed the valet) and did I say FREE breakfast. No stale donuts. I'm talking fresh pastries, hot and cold cereal, eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes, waffle maker, fresh fruit and assorted juices and more. AMAZING! I would stay here again if I had to come back.
I have very few requirements for a good hotel stay, and the Hampton met them all. It was impeccably clean, had a very comfortable bed, and was reasonably priced. I was in town for a couple of days and the staff helped make my stay a pleasant one.
My wife and I stayed here while visiting the Del Mar Fairgrounds. My wife liked it a lot, but I had some hesitations. The room did not have a mini-refrigerator which I thought all Hampton Inns had. If you are expecting a mini-frig, be sure and request it when making your reservations. The furniture and room colors were drab and boring, and could use upgrading or wall paper. The beds were very good. The flat screen t.v. was nice, but no HD channels, and in fact, only about a dozen channels. Could use Discovery and Fox Sports San Diego. The breakfast room downstairs is very big with a good breakfast, (although I would have liked some donuts or something sweet!). I thought the towels were very thin, and could use upgrading. There were no flyers/brochures of local attractions like all hotels have now days. I thought the Hampton Inn-Kearney Mesa was better. But, this hotel was VERY QUIET, considering all the people staying there during the fair! That was a major plus.
This Hampton seemed to be just off the beaten path of tourists and their traps :) good price, excellent breakfast, and loved the short walk to Tio Leo's for a delicious dinner the night we arrived in Del Mar.
Shuttle only available if someone working at the time can drive it, which was never over 4 days there. Restaurant nearby is a Taco Bell in the parking lot. When spoke with front desk about problems, I was simply told the staff would be talked to, no effort to make up for poor service and misrepresentation.Dear lssnoopy2, Thank you for your review. Were sorry we didnt provide the quality of amenities and service you deserved during your recent stay at our hotel. We apologize for the issues with shuttle service availability, and we are working with our team to ensure these situations dont happen again. Your feedback is genuinely appreciated as it is the first step in helping us improve our services. If you return to our area, we hope youll stay with us again.
This was my first experience of a Hampton Inn. Check in was easy and efficient. Some of the staff were more easy going than others but overall they conducted themselves professionally and courteously. My room was a King studio. The bed was super comfortable for me. Space was adequate as a solo traveller attending a conference. The breakfast was good and varied over the 5 days I was there. Wifi was solid and quick. I had a car and was able to park underneath the hotel. Parking spaces were good. Parking was secured after 7pm. There is a local Taco Bell and petrol station nearby. There is a Vons and other shops down the road about 3 minutes. The views of the freeway was uninspiring but the noise was not intrusive. Overall, I had a good stay and if in the area again, I would be happy to stay here again.
This is a very nice hotel that is reasonably priced and in a safe area for walking as well as shopping. Good access to Interstate 5 and not far to drive to the beaches. Staff are personable and helpful. The breakfast area is clean and well tended. For the overall price, the free breakfast is adequate.
Staff is very nice and responsive. Parking is both outside and below the building (so that it's locked at night). Excellent proximity to the I-5, and in a minute or two you are to Del Mar Heights Road, or in the other direction in a little longer you are to La Jolla Villa drive. Rooms are pleasant and well tended. Overall, a positive experience, though breakfast is not up to the standard of say, the Homewood Suites.
Typical Hampton. Better than average room - clean, comfortable furnished well, and quiet. Less than average breakfast - I stay in Hamptons all the time and this might be my LEAST favorite breakfast ever (EXACT same choices two days in a row, no granola for the yogurt, less than usual number of bread options). Average staff. Better than average cleanliness in public areas. Finally, while the location itself is great and very central for many Torrey Pines/La Jolla businesses and even beaches, it was difficult to actually get to the property (dead ends, one way streets and crossing highways with entrances and exits make the intersection a trick to navigate).
Breakfast need to be improve service is not bad rooms kinda smells like wet rag overall is clean not enough tables n chairs in the lounge good air conditioning the price is not too bad for a peak summer
Location was great next to the Interstate, and I had a wonderful view of the Taco Bell in the parking lot, but the bed was not great. Pillows were flat, bed was hard, and I woke up in pain every morning. On a positive note, breakfast was free and had a nice variety.
This is not a beach hotel but it is close to track, fairgrounds, business area and beaches.There was no additional parking fee. The waffles are great and internet is free and easy to access. Would stay here again.
An average Hampton Inn. However short on parking. (don't get there late at night) and poor wifi in rooms. (good in hallway and lobby) Great location for access to 5 fwy and Del Mar race track. Short drive to great beaches but definitely a drive, not a walk.
Motel is nothing special, just typical of what you would expect from a freeway close place to stay. Staff was very friendly and provided several items that we forgot, free of charge. No views but easy on easy off of I-5 and great location for all local attractions especially Del Mar racetrack.
Great location. Reasonable price. Plenty of food choices for breakfast but very crowded breakfast area, but it was a Saturday. Clean and comfortable rooms. The wi-fi was descent. Would stay here again if in town.
Looking for a place to stay close to Old Town district. Hampton is on the outskirts of district. Clean as expected. Very nice reception area perfect for conversations. Staff was understaffed. Only 1 person there usually. Business center is open with no privacy...i needed more private area. People were walking through area as its in a hallway...almost like it was an afterthought. Laundry was useful. Breakfast was available for 15. Disappointing since all other Hamptons have included Breakfast. Overall nice place to drive to Old Town. Should try Freds for Mexican food!
There are several other hotels within a short distance of the HH Inn, but I have been happy coming here about twenty years to visit my kids nearby, earlier with my wife. It's convenient when I drove down from the Bay area and convenient to the S.D. downtown.
Rude staff. Staff had no clue about restaurants or nearby amenities. They were clueless. Room Was on first floor by parking lot and loud. Heater was also loud. Paid 160/nt. Not worth it. It does have underground free parking.
the hotel was clean and updated. Staff was friendly and helpful. The breakfast was awesome and well attended...the lady tending it was very approachable. There were 2 down sides and that's why I didn't give it 5 stars.....one was there wasn't a lot of dinner choices nearby....only a Taco Bell and a Mexican restaurant plus an am/pm convenience store and 2 the a/c in our room smelled like dirty socks or shoes, which I told the front desk when I checked out. Other than those 2 things...the place is great and affordable!
Had a wonderful time staying at a quality hotel. The secure free parking was very nice and the free breakfast every morning was outstanding. A lot of fun and very convenient. Great location and close to the beach.
Breakfast was really good, there's a lot of choices. Staff are helpful for a special request. Convenient location to tour San Diego if you have a car. Garage is gated. The pool though is outside near the street.
Stayed just for a night on a quick business trip to San Diego. I like staying in the Del Mar area, since it's usually cheaper than downtown or Hotel Circle, and traffic usually not an issue getting in or out of the city. Plus there's easy access to Hwy 101 and all the beach communities. This is a standard Hampton Inn which means good quality, nice comfortable room and bed, nice lobby, etc. The wifi doesn't reach to the upper floors, which i like to stay in. Not a problem, as they have a hard wired connection in the room that was fine. Very clean place, didn't hear neighboors. It's very close to both I-5 and CA 56 bypass, but I didn't hear the highways as long as I had the fan/ac unit on. My only thing to comment negatively on was the water in the room out of the bathroom sink tasted terrible -- really loaded with chemicals that made me nauseous, even from just brushing my teeth. Of all the reviews I've done here on T.A. around the country, I've never noted this before and it was so strong and noticeable I had to mention it.
Booked one night for Sunday Memorial Day weekend, we found the lowest rate 110/night for holiday weekend compared to surrounding comparable hotels. The Cons: Hotel is oddly located behind the Residence Inn, across from the Doubletree, right next to the 56 freeway, gas station and Taco Bell, very small workout room and pool. The Pros: The outside appears bland but clean, the large inside lobby has a very relaxing welcoming set up, plenty of comfortable nice looking furniture seating areas, with roomy space and layout. Free Coffee and tea available all day in the lounge/breakfast area. Professional, welcoming customer service at check in and out, we were allowed to check in early about 0100. The included breakfast was very good, fresh and plenty of nice choices, great deal to be included in the nightly rate. There was eggs with ham, thick potato wedges, fresh fruit, tasty breads/muffins, fresh oatmeal, yogurt, cereals, juices, coffee, tea. Our room was roomy/clean, the ac worked well, bed felt great, nice linen/towels, freeway noise not too loud, good internet connection included. Free parking available in their lot and underground parking also. Within 15-20 mins. to La Jolla and downtown San Diego, very close to beaches. We were very happy and impressed with the service, our room, the hotel's large welcoming lobby setup, the wonderful breakfast, the great rate and relative proximity to other San Diego locations. We will definitely recommend and return to this Hampton.
My stay at this hotel was great! The room was clean, the king bed was so comfortable, and the breakfast options were on-point! The staff was very friendly and helpful answering any questions I had. The breakfast options varied with options each day (which is good)! And, this may sound strange, but the hallways smelled so fragrant. This shows that they maintain their appearance and uphold a clean standard (which is very important)! Overall, here are a few reasons why I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting the area: 1- friendly staff 2- very clean and well, maintained rooms AND building 3- FREE parking!!!! 4- breakfast is plentiful Enjoy!
Stayed at this hotel from September 27 - 29 and were more than pleasantly surprised by all that it offers. We booked a one bedroom suite which is unusual for a Hampton property, but really enjoyed the spacious room and all that it offers. Room had separate living and bedroom areas, a wet bar in the living room, and two bathrooms. The condition of the room was great, with everything very clean and well maintained. The hotel also has underground parking with elevator access to each floor, a really nice convenience. The complimentary breakfast was very good both days and was well stocked despite being quite busy. We were somewhat concerned about being 15 miles from downtown as we were in San Diego for a concert, but were pleased that the location is actually very accessible and is only 20 minutes from Petco Park and the harbour area. Would certainly stay at this hotel again and recommend this to others.
Nice clean quiet hotel. Free Wi-Fi, Free Parking, a wonderful free breakfast with delicious hot waffles, eggs, bacon, fresh fruit, selection of juices, cereals, coffees, teas, yogurts, oatmeal, pastries, etc. Pool area austere, basic rectangle surrounded by little more than fencing, much like swimming in a cage. There is no hot tub which was a disappointment.
Great service! Tasty breakfast! Great management ! Nice parking underneath the hotel room with cover, no need to worry about weather condition. Clean room! Free internet service! Quiet room to get good quality sleep!
We had a wonderful experience at the San Diego Hampton Inn. The complimentary breakfast was the best we've ever had at any hotel. The Hampton was clean, quiet and the staff was outstanding! The location was great and the other accommodations such as complementery Wi-Fi, microwave, refrigerator, fitness center, etc. were certainly appreciated. The front desk staff, the cleaning staff and those who provided the great food were extremely pleasant.
This Hampton is clean and fresh. Newer decor. Nice location near the 5 freeway but there is No noticeable freeway noise. Staff is freindly and efficient Highly recommend for a reliable no frills location in Del Mar.
Bad eggs for breakfast (they tasted more like mashed potatoes not eggs) / Not able to take a bath due to drain not working to hold up the water.. On either issue, staff did not really feel like it was of any concern.... :(Thank you for sharing this quick feedback on your recent stay with us via TripAdvisor. We appreciate your honest input on the comfort of our rooms and breakfast offerings and we will keep your comments in mind as we constantly look for new ways to improve our guests' experience. We hope you will return to stay with us the next time you are in town and let us know how we are doing. Thank you,Hampton Inn San/Diego/Del Mar Management Team
First impressions mean a lot. The front desk staff at this hotel are great and go out of their way to do anything they can to provide you with a pleasant stay. Free covered parking and a great location just off I-5 was a big plus. The free high-speed internet and breakfast are nice. The rooms are large, comfortable and quiet. When I return to the San Diego area, I will be staying here.
Careful when you book this place, especially if you book via a third party! We booked and supposedly paid for the hotel when we booked it, yet we had money taken when we checked out. I have since been informed by the company that I booked it through that this is a non refundable hotel and therefore we had already paid! so we now have to claim a refund from Hampton Inn for charging us twice! Not a comfortable nights sleep, pillows were terrible, WIFI was in and out, staff were unhelpful and so on. Simple sum up here, stay somewhere else!Thank you for your review. We greatly appreciate your feedback and were very sorry for negative experience at our hotel. If you would like to discuss these issues in more detail, please contact us at the information below. We look forward to hearing back from you soon. Hotel Management(858) 792-5557SANDLHamptonHilton.com
Another fine Hampton Inn. Clean and well maintained property. Friendly staff and free parking. Great breakfast selection. Quiet room for location near interstate. A number of good restaurants about one mile north of hotel. Will stay here again!
If driving to this hotel, be aware that this hotel is tucked behind a gas station. The weekend was quite busy and it was spring break. Breakfast got pretty crowded but th s is expected for such. Great value hotter. It was clean, I tell ya! My favorite part.
We had a very nice suite that was well equipped, cozy, and comfy. We were actually pleasantly surprised. Suite deserves 5 stars.Minus 1 star for front desk attitude about late checkout. I was refused until I pulled the status card. Breakfast is a typical Hampton zoo and if you want something better just walk over to Marriott for real breakfast.
The staff at Hampton Inn was helpful and expedient! What a refreshing change from my typical travel experience. I do a lot of business travel and felt well taken care of at this San Diego Hampton Inn. For me, a quick check-in after traveling is very important and the staff was quick and sharp.
Please avoid this hotel. After Hampton Inn lost our reservation, Lilana was the rudest customer service employee I have encountered in a very long time. I frequently stay at Hampton Inn and was shocked at the treatment I received. The smallest amount of courtesy would have solved my problem without incident. I have never posted a review, but wanted everyone to be spared a similar experience.Thank you for your review. Please accept my sincere apologies for the poor level of service that you received this is not the Hampton norm as our goal is Satisfaction Guaranteed. I have addressed these issues with our staff, and hope that the next time you are in the area you will come stay with us again and experience an improved level of customer service. Hotel General Manager
Good hotel if you have business in the area. Not as convenient to all the tourist attractions other than UCSD. Overall, facility is clean and well kept. Due to my work I have only been able to enjoy the breakfast once, but I recall they have a very nice breakfast. I don't recall if they have the to-go breakfasts anymore.
Stayed here for business. Super comfortable bed and always available complimentary coffee. In room fridge, and good Mexican place within walking distance. Several other places within a mile. The eggs weren't the best at breakfast, but Great diner (Snooze) just up the street.
Hotel has a great location, just a few minutes away from the beach. The hotel staff was professional and friendly and the complimentary breakfast was excellent. I also liked the new service of a digital room key - was able to open the door from an ap on my phone, super convenient.
This Hampton Inn is well maintained and in a good location. The rooms are typical Hampton rooms. Good size and very clean. The staff was friendly and available. The breakfast was a bit of a mad house and seemed sparse.
I have no negative things to say about this hotel. The hotel is above average in all aspects. Loved to gated and secure parking garage. The hotel appears to have recently gone through an update due to modern touches everywhere. There is a beautiful beach less then two miles away with a national park that also has great hiking.
Very pet friendly, breakfast was excellent, nice variety. Coffee and hot chocolate, available all day. My only con , well actual 2. Beds are small, but comfortable. the bathroom area is not ADA, no grab bars around toilet. However, I learned years ago to purchase suction grabs , such in case hotel don't have them.. Staff were friendly, maid service was, good , however, spent all my 5's, on the airport getting there. Be sure, and save out money to tip the maids.
While on business travel, not sure why people need to pay outrageous prices to stay at a high end hotel. You end up paying for internet AND parking which raises the prices even higher. Your only in your room to sleep most of the time.This was an excellent hotel and as far as cleanliness, customer service and additional services... this compares to many of the higher end hotels I have stayed at. The rooms were just newly renovated to brand new and clean. Fridge, microwave, large TV and comfortable bed and free internet (fast too).Free breakfast (lots of choices) and free garage parking. Right across the parking lot is a gas station with fast food and lots of snacks and beverages for those late night needs.Simply excellent.
The location to most areas of San Diego and it's surroundings made this location perfect for our needs. It's right off the I-5 which puts you close to all attractions in that corridor. It has a gated parking area with an elevator from the garage to the room floors.
The bed was very comfortable. Also nice to have a fridge and microwave. Most features of the room are upgraded except heating at cooling couldn's adjust to a comfortable temperature. Free parking however the garage is very small and there were not enough spots on the lot and garage to accomodate all guest. Bathtub was stained which was not a good look but other than that, the room was clean. The staff could have been alot more friendly and helpful.
Enjoyed staying at this location.Rooms were very comfortable and large.Location was easy to get to all attractions.Breakfast had a great variety of selections. Parking was easy accessd.Good location for handicap parking.
We just spent the night and had a reasonably good stay. The location is outstanding as you are near a number of destinations such as the Del Mar Racetrack. The rooms are typical of Hampton Inn not large but large enough for a short stay.Our only complaint is the refrigeration system. They are wall mounted and hard to adjust to get the correct temp. Additionally, they are very noisy and when the compressor kicked in it got noisier. They need a central system.
We stayed at this hotel the night before my son's wedding. The bride's family stayed there too. It was clean, had a great breakfast and very helpful staff. We reserved two rooms and were given rooms next to each. That was nice. The brides family was just down the hall. I would highly recommend this hotel and will stay there again when I go back to San Diego. The price was great too!
This is a very good hotel to stay at, everything was excellent. We only had 2 somewhat complaints although it wouldnt stop us from coming back...parking is very limited, you might have to find a place unprotected to park and the internet is not even worth using
The hotel is new and clean. The parking is self park and free. The breakfast is good. The rooms were a bit long and narrow, but everything was clean. Just don't think you are going to hang by the pool as it's the size of my bathtub.
There was definitely an issue with the bathroom exhaust fan system as we had a bad stench of sewer gas in our bathroom for the three days we were there. We asked at the desk and all they did was spray which worked for about 20 minutes then the stench returned. Should have offered us another room.
While visiting our son for the Thanksgiving holiday, we enjoyed many local activities. We hiked Torrey Pines, visited the UCSD campus, Birch Aquarium, and the San Diego Zoo. We were sure to make the breakfast a part of every day. The airport is very close too! Perfect for our vacation!
My sister I stayed at the Del Mar Hampton Inn using Hilton Honors points when my husband had surgery last week. We were worn out so were pleased at the ease of checked in helpful recommendations for places to eat. Our room was small, but had everything we needed was comfortable very clean. Our breakfast was a treat from hospital food. They were very gracious about assuring us a full refund of unused points when we checked out 2 days early due to my husband's early release from the hospital. It was a great experience during a stressful time.
My room was perfect, very clean and accommodating. I will definitely consider this hotel again. The breakfast was great each morning with fresh fruit and coffee. You can make a waffle and they even had fresh blueberries. My room had fresh clean linen and all was perfectly clean. My room was quiet and clean as well as the rest of the hotel. The staff was very accommodating.
This was our first Hampton Inn, landed late in San Diego, 17 miles north. great room, fantastic breakfast, did exactly what it said on the tin. Our only problem was getting to it, needed better signs from freeway. Underground parking a real advantage for tired traveller. Will stay again.
Second time at this location very clean, friendly staff and near the I-5. Parking not a problem, this hotel has a ground garage. It's nice not to worry about you car. Breakfast is included, make your own waffle station. Oatmeal, eggs, pastries, fruit, yogurt and cereal. Coffee, juice, milk and hot chocolate.
I just spent a week long business trip in the San Diego area. Staying at the Hampton Inn was a pleasure. It's located a bit north of the city with easy access to the highway network without traffic noise disturbing your sleep or concentration while working in the evenings. The hotel serves an excellent breakfast and there are a couple good restaurants in walking distance for the evening meal and many others a short drive away. While this is not close to the downtown attractions that would bring me here on vacation, (i.e., Old Town, Gas Lamp District and the Waterfront) it is the ideal location for business travelers or meetings as long as you have transportation. I had a meeting on the south side of town this morning, approx 26 miles away. It took about 30-45 minutes to get there, which is not a problem if you plan properly. I have another in the morning and I'm not concerned about making it on time.I will be attending a conference in San Diego during February and I will definitely be staying here again.
Had a wonderful stay as always - very comfortable bed and super clean. Service was top-notch as expected and usual. I didn't have breakfast but it looked appealing and a wide variety to choose. Area was clean and well stocked.
This hotel is located near the business area outside san diego city centre. It has a good spacious room, free wifi, and free snack and drinks for HHonor hilton member. Price is highly competitive and room is clean.
I enjoyed my stay there. The room was clean no problem. The location was ok having access to the highway and local surrounding business when you need things. The staff showed hospiliality during our stay. I enjoyed the breakfast .
We stayed here to have easy access to Del Mar, La Jolla and San Diego. We were able to get to all places of interest on demand with no problems. The staff at this hotel is friendly and very good at providing the best service. Our room was clean that the carpet appeared new. We were able to park in the underground garage and take the elevator to our room. Overall, it was a safe, comfortable and pleasant experience.
I always enjoy this hotel for my overnight stay before my flt home and my first night of vacation before I drive up to see my family the next day. I arrive at midnight and there is never any stress w ck in and always s good breakfast in the am. Easy access to freeway, coming or going.
If you are just looking for a cheaper hotel in Del Mar, this may even be a fair choice, if you don't mind very dirty rooms, no parking spaces if you arrive after 10 PM, scant breakfast if you get it after 8:30 AM and practically unresistant concierge service.
The hotel was extremely clean and well located. The staff went out of their way to be sure everything was perfect. The morning breakfast was quite good as well. making it the perfect start to a great day. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone needing a place to stay in the area.
I stay at this Hampton Inn routinely the personnel are exceptional - desk, housekeeping, breakfast prep, etc. Rooms are always clean, quiet, comfortable. There are many other hotel choices in the area but whenever I'm in the area (sometimes monthly on business) I always stay here.
I was disappointed about the Hampton Inn Del Mar. My preferences as Hilton Honors member were ignored. The room we were given overlooked a Taco Bell and the freeway. Needless to say the noise level was great. The front desk staff simply did not care about our satisfaction. The lamps did not work. I have stayed at Hampton Inns before and have been satisfied but this was not the case with this hotel. On a positive note the breakfasts were pretty good.Thank you for your review. We highly appreciate your feedback and sincerely apologize for the issues that you experienced during your stay. We will be sure to take your comments about our property under consideration as we re-evaluate guest needs and continually work to improve our guest experience. We hope you will consider staying with us again the next time your travels bring you to our area.Thanks again,Hotel Management
Good location no views whatsoever but the staff we incredible. I was particularity impressed with Josh at the front desk. We needed a tad more space since we were traveling with my young daughter and he went out of his way to accommodate. The Breakfasts each morning were wonderful with friendly attentive staff.
Beware there is limited space for have breakfast in the morning, so get there early. Watch where you park, some guest may have just walked their dog. Hope the people above you know how to be respectful of those below, elephants above make a lot of noise. If you happen to visit on a day that may involve children you may want to pick another hotel, we could hear virtually everything going on around us. We have stayed at Hampton's before and this is why we have stopped visiting. We try to visit Homewood's as their rooms are almost sound proof. We once stayed in a Homewood with a family of seven next door (children teenagers) and we never knew there was anyone even next door. At this property, we could hear the parents, next door, telling their kids to go to sleep, as if it was on the tv we were watching.I sincerely apologize for the noise you encountered from other guests during your stay. Our guests comfort and safety is my number one concern and I apologize that your comfort was interrupted. Your review will assist in correcting issues in the future. I do hope that the next time you are in the area you will consider staying at our property again. Thank you.Kind Regards,Hotel Management
Pros: 1) Clean and decent rooms 2) Supportive staff 3) Good and healthy breakfast 4) Nice swimming pool 5) 24 hrs Internet connection 6) Nice location (You will find lot of restaurants, grocery stores near by - walkable distance) Cons: 1) Coin Laundry is missing 2) Internet connection needs to be reset with your checked-in room credentials every 24 hrs. This will be a painful if your connection gets disconnected in between the meetings as part of 24 hrs duration.
Very please with the service and the cleanliness of the hotel. I wish the breakfast items had more bacon! ) The parking spaces in the garage are very tight however it is nice and secure with a gated entrance. They say that breakfast starts at 6 AM however the wonderful people would always have coffee out about 5 AM which was nice because I had to leave early for work
Always like the Hampton Inn for their great service and the free breakfast. The location is great close to the highway but not noisy. We got a room on the fourth floor, with clean and comfortable beds. Over the weekend the breakfast room got a little crowded, but there is still space in the lobby to sit down. Great to find parking space either in the garage or outside, they pointed out to us that they even offer Hilton Diamond member parking. The fitness room is small, but enough for your daily cardio. We definitely would come back if we need a place in Del Mar.
The room was very small, no room to relax at all. The beds were too small, the hotel only offered double beds A king or Queen bed was not even on the menu If you don't mind feeling like a sardine - check in !!
From the minute we walked into the lobby we knew we made the right decision. The staff, the room, the amenities, and the location were all perfect for us. Would highly reccomend for a couple or a famliy.
My husband and I had a comfortable stay at the Hampton Inn. The onsite restaurant served delicious appetizers. The room was clean, the size was comfortable and met our needs. The site includes an relaxing outdoor seating area to accommodate large groups of guests. The hotel is located in a nice, quiet area. However, don't expect shopping or restaurants within walking distance. Shuttle and taxi service was very prompt. Customer service was outstanding.
We were here for a family vacation during the summer. The customer service in this hotel was poor as well as the air conditioning unit was dated and did not work properly. The hallways were not air conditioned and it was hot. The bathroom tub had cracks in it.We are sorry we were not able to provide you with a better quality of service. This is not typical of our usual Hamptonality and welcoming staff, and we are always looking for ways to improve our customer experience. We'd also like to apologize for the malfunctioning air conditioner in your guest suite and have reported the issue to our maintenance team. Thank you for your feedback and we hope you will come back and stay with us again soon.
The Hotel is perfectly positioned between LEGOLAND , San Diego , lots of great beaches close by. Nice rooms , great new updated facility , great free parking around facility and underneath parking garage . Breakfast standard Hampton Breakfast with something for everybody .Vons Grocery store as well as Restaurants close by .
New facility presents great value. Very reasonably priced and easy to access business in La Jolla. Preferred to stay here compared to Embassy Suites - La Jolla and the Hilton Torrey Pines. Would certainly return here - in a moment.
Access to this hotel is easy as it is just off the freeway. The lobby and the rooms are clean and tastefully furnished. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The complimentary breakfast is excellent and there are many items to choose from. A great stay overall.
I was here for a Scripps visit. This was the best hotel. Free Parking! Free breakfast! Clean room! Easy on easy off I-5. And very close to shopping. We were able to find 2 excellent restuarants close by.
This hotel is clean, quiet and it does its job: a good room to sleep. The room has no fridge or a safe, which is surprising for this type of hotel. The breakfast was so so (horrible eggs, but nice DUI waffle).
We were here for an early dinner before starting a tour, and the restaurant was not busy. Very modern looking, and the food was good, but nothing exceptional. I don't think I'd make it a destination for eating, however.Dear Lipadad,Thank you for sharing your experience at 750 Restaurant. We are pleased to hear you enjoyed the food but are disappointed we did not WOW you during your dinner. We appreciate your feedback as we look to make future improvements. We hope to welcome you back again in the near future.Megan B., Guest Relations
This is a review of the customer service that I experienced at the Hilton. You would certainly expect better customer service from a 4-star hotel. After booking, I immediately reviewed the information and noticed the date was incorrect. So I called them to make the necessary correction. Apparently, it routed to a different date because the preselected date was not available (that's what the agent told me). They would not give me a refund, allow me to change my date, or even a credit to be applied to future reservations (not even a partial credit!). Now I'm stuck with a reservation that I can't even use. Thus, this review will only be limited to the customer service as I won't be able to use the reservation to enjoy the room. After this experience, I'm boycotting the Hilton. It's unfortunate as I always choose the Hilton above other hotels. No longer a fan!We thank you for submitting a guest survey. It is very unfortunate that you booked a non-refundable/non-modifiable reservation online. This review, while being pointed at our hotel as the one providing poor service, highlights the drawback with booking these type of reservations online. Hilton urges guests to book reservations through our websites. While these other internet booking sites offer a significant discount, the reservations mostly are not guaranteed a specific room type (king or double) and, most importantly, the reservations are not modifiable and cannot be canceled. This is clearly stated through the website that you booked on. Please use Hilton.com to book your stay. With our reservations, we have the flexibility to assist you when reservations need to be modified.
Basic hotel that could use a good cleaning and updating, but cheaper rates then the chain hotels. Nicely located in Chinatown beside the adult entertainment clubs and crazy Chinese singing karaoke or something late at night. Plus side was free parking in a cramped lot.
This place is legit. It's definitely not the Marriott or Ritz Carlton but whenever you book this hotel the rate will likely be much lower than most others. If you're coming to the city to hang out in the hotel room then don't stay here....if you need a clean and safe place to sleep and cleanup at then this is the place for you. Free parking and an unbeatable location.Definitely get a room in the back of the hotel. Rooms are small but not claustrophobic. 15 min walk to Union Square. Located by several fantastic shops and restaurants.
We were looking for a place to stay in San Francisco for the family (3 kids) and found Royal Pacific Motor Inn on hotels.com. I compared the price at hotels.com with the price if I were to book directly at the hotel on their own web-site. The price was almost the same (156 USD + tax, total 186 USD incl. tax), but I made the booking through hotels.com because there it was clear that we could stay 5 people in the room (often there is a limit of four persons which makes it a bit difficult if you have three children). At check out time they wanted to charge me 215 USD per night incl tax, that is almost 30 USD extra per night. They refused to acknowledge that my price was given including tax. So they have charged me two times for the tax.This is a kind of discussion you don't want to end up with during a vacation so make sure you have a correct quote if staying here. Otherwise the hotel was OK.
I have nothing to say against this accommodation. It was clean, it has great location and parking was also provided. WIFI in the room, comfortable bed, kind staff and they also have a room under supervision for your luggage at the day when you need to leave the room, but have a lot of time before you need to leave the city. Anyway, we were there just for sleep (who would stay in the hotel room when you are in SF!) and our sleep was without disturbance, so we (me - 23 my mum - 55) were totally satisfied :)
I looked all over the Internet for a reasonably priced hotel in or near down town San Francisco. The Royal Pacific motor inn fit the bill. We were pleased all the way are undo and free parking topped it off.
We checked in this Inn for a weekend stay. We are very satisfied. I was worry at the beginning but after we stayed for a night, I was happy to say I was worry free. This is in the center of Chinatown, which is a prime location of San Francisco. Its very easy to access to banks, restaurants, Walgreens. Furniture are not new, there is no flat screen TV. But we were outside most of the time so its ok. We can walk from here to Fisherman Wharf (around 30 mins). The bonus is, parking is free. So we saved for parking.
Stayed here for 6 days for my Son's Wedding. The room was clean, the beds comfortable, and the staff (especially LuLu) were great! Breakfast and Dinner in the restaurant were good. I would highly recommend staying at this Hotel.
Somewhat bare bones, but it had one queen bed, very comfortable, TV, small table and chairs, luggage rack, nice tub and shower, really, a great bargain! No fridge or microwave, but there was free coffee in the office. Quiet and clean.
My spouse I have repeatedly stayed in this hotel when visiting family in the area, consistently finding it well maintained with a friendly, welcoming, competent staff. It is the only hotel for us in the area.
Very nice room. We sat in the lobby by the fire and had a snack with wine. Very nice and peaceful. Would stay here again. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Easy to find hotel. Lovely pool. Too cold tonight!
I was checked in/out by Michelle at the front desk. The property was very nice and clean. We were welcomed as we entered and able to get checked in efficiently. I liked the fact there were waters, a snack and a fresh remote waiting when I went in the room. Michelle helped me out by printing my tickets so I... More
I was checked in/out by Michelle at the front desk. The property was very nice and clean. We were welcomed as we entered and able to get checked in efficiently. I liked the fact there were waters, a snack and a fresh remote waiting when I went in the room. Michelle helped me out by printing my tickets so I... More
Writing the review largely to give a shout out the the women at the front desk who tried to help us after discovering that the hotel was overbooked and that our hotel.com booking was essentially not valid, despite the fact that it had been booked, paid for and guaranteed, several months prior. The only notification we received was a call... More
We enjoyed our first stay her at this location and received an overall good impression. We didn't realize it was right next door to the Knights inn Carmel hills and were afraid it might be a bad experience like it was at that hotel. Luckily it was completely different in a good way! The hot tub is great and the... More
Loved the room nothing bad to say about this place besides the hard mattress in the room my wife and I booked. The staff was very helpful and nice. I would definitely stay here again if they updated the mattresses. I mean the location was awesome ! Right off the freeway, down the street from cannery row, and to top... More
Our room was clean warm and inviting. The fire place was wonderful and cozy because of the rain. The hot tub in the room added romance and relaxation that was so needed for my husband and I. A morning walk to the park and then into town was very enjoyable. We found a very sweet restaurant for breakfast Old Monterey... More
Can recommend this hotel if you are looking for somewhere that is good value and located within 10-15 minutes walk of Disneyland. Rooms were clean and comfortable and have everything you need. Only downside was the a/c unit that was right next to one of...MoreDear Christine P., Thank you for giving us a four star rating. I want to thank you for recognizing my team. We all worked hard to make your stay an enjoyable one. I am glad that your room was clean and comfortable. And even though...More
We had a wonderful time staying at Eden Roc. The rooms were spotless and and very well kept. The staff at the front desk were very helpful and always friendly. It was a short walk (about a mile) to Downtown Disney and hotel parking was...MoreThank you for the 5 star rating on our hotel and the compliments. We are very glad to hear you enjoyed your staff with us and all of the wonderful things you had to say will be shared with the staff. We are looking forward...More
This is a great place to reserve because it is very convenient. It's close to all hotels, restaurants, the convention center, and Disneyland! My experience at this hotel was very nice, my room was big and beautiful. I heard it was remodeled and it looks...MoreIt is so great to hear that you and your family had an awesome stay at our newly remodeled Anaheim property. As you were able to see during your stay, our property is spacious, clean and within walking distance to Disneyland, adjacent to the convention...More
This hotel was absolutely perfect for our little family Disney trip! It took us about 10 minutes to walk to the park from the hotel, it was super clean and accommodating, and it was dirt cheap! I was so impressed! This will definitely be where...MoreThank you for the 5 star rating and all of the nice comments. we are very glad you enjoyed your stay with us and are looking forward to your next visit.
Loud very loud. Ask for upstairs or you will hear everything the neighbors do. Staff were not engaging and not very helpful. Cameras everywhere however that did not stop the screaming and bounding up stairs at around 2am without repercussion.MoreThank you, Shellyc123, for taking the time to write a review about Eden Roc Inn and Suites. I apologized that the room you had was not as quiet as you preferred. I hope you will return in the future so we can reserve a second...More
I stay at Eden Roc every year when I bring my daughter over from Australia. I have never had any issues with the place. Clean tidy and super close to everything. Once I am there, I rarely use my car. I walk to disneyland, gardenwalk...MoreDear KatieImogen, Thank you for giving us a 5 star rating. I am elated that Eden Roc Inn and Suites has become your go to hotel every year with your daughter. I will pass on your good comments to my team. Thank you for your...More
I rated it a 3 because it was clean, BUT missing a few thing that I love to have in a Motel .A Lamp by the bed, Shower Curten, a small table with a couple chairs, A Mirror, TV was to far from the bed...MorePlease accept our apologies for the way the room you booked was given to you not finished. Your feedback will give us an opportunity to have a meeting with our housekeeping department so rooms are not left incomplete before they are given to a guest....More
My kids and I decided last minute to drive to Disneyland for 1 1/2 days. The front desk at Eden Roc was very helpful and super accommodating! They allowed me to park my car early in the day, way before check-in and they allowed me...MoreDear Melbell876, Thank you for giving us a five star review. I know that there are many hotels to choose from at Anaheim, CA and my team and I are delighted that you have selected us. And we exceeded your expectations. I will pass on...More
Third time visit to this hotel. Rooms renovated two years ago. Clean and comfortable. 10 Min walk to the parks (via grand Californian). Nice free parking. Was allowed to leave my car at the parking after checkout as my flight was late at night.MoreThank you providing us with your five star review on our Anaheim property. We assure you that the property does have ample parking space for every single room that the hotel has. And yes, Eden Roc Inn and Suites is a newly remodeled property. All...More
We stayed here for five nights in Feb. Chose this motel for close proximity to Disneyland and budget-friendly rate + consistent reviews re cleanliness. Our room was on 2nd floor and spacious - not all rooms are as spacious as my bro's room was much...MoreThank you very much for taking a few minutes out of your busy schedule to provide us and future guests with your first-hand experience at our newly remodeled property. We are very happy to hear that you had an enjoyable stay at our Anaheim hotel...More
We stayed 2 nights and it was great. We were able to check in and park the morning we got there . It is an easy walk and you can cut through the Grand Californian to get into California adventure or Downtown Disney. Saved us...MoreWe are happy to hear that your stay at our Anaheim property was a pleasurable one and that you had an enjoyable experience during the check in process. As you were able to see, we are located in the ideal location for those families who...More
Eden Roc Inn in Anaheim was good value for money. It was in a great location within easy walking distance just down the road from Disneyland and California Adventure Park. They were still in the process of renovation with their signage not very clear. The...MoreWe would like to thank you for taking a minute out of your busy schedule to provide us with your review. We are happy to hear that you liked our renovations and that our instructions to connect to the Wi-Fi were very helpful. Eden Roc...More
I really liked the Eden Roc and will definitely stay there again! The beds were comfortable and I personally like the wood floors (felt much cleaner than carpet). We didn't have much interaction with the staff, but the few times we did they were always friendly and helpful The location is really convenient too! Close enough to Disney that the... More
First of all the hotel is located within walking distance of Disneyland. The rooms were very clean and spacious. The family suite has plenty of room and the beds are comfortable. The staff were very friendly and helpful. We were even able to stay parked...MoreDear Darin H., Thank you for writing a great review and a 5 star rating. I am thrilled that you felt everything was great -- from a very clean and spacious room to a friendly and helpful staff. I am happy that you enjoyed your...More
The Eden Roc hotel exceeded my expectations as a budget hotel. I knew my family wouldn't be spending a great amount of time in our room, so I just couldn't justify spending Disney Hotel prices. I was so happy I found this little gem. It...MoreWe are happy to read that our newly remodeled property exceeded your expectations. As you might have seen during your stay, we offer all our guest free Wi-Fi and parking. All the rooms come furnished with a flat screen television, a microwave, fridge and personal...More
Great location if you are going to Disneyland. Overall the this hotel is suitable, if your wanting a reasonably priced hotel. Our room showed some wear and tear. Our toilet seat broke the first day and wasn't fixed until two days after, even though the...More5. Yes, location, location, location is what those families who are visiting Disneyland look for when booking a room near such tourist attraction Eden Roc is located in just the perfect distance. It is only a ten minute walk to the main Disneyland entrance, and...More
Clean and modern budget motel. This motor inn is close enough to walk to Disney parks. Parking is free. There are choices for breakfast convent to the motel. Very convenient to the convention center. Great for those on a budget and would rather spend their...MoreThank you for the kind review you have on our newly remodeled property. As you saw all our remodeled rooms come furnished with a flat screen television, a microwave, Iron and Iron board. We are conveniently located to the Convention Center (adjacent to the hotel),...More
We stayed in October 2015 and chose this hotel as it had recently been renovated. We travelled from the UK and were joined by my husband's parents a week into the trip. We emailed before arriving to request rooms next to each other that faced...MoreThank you for the kind review you have on our property. We are glad to hear that the whole family enjoyed their stay at our property, and that we were able to accommodate your request. We hope you were able to take advantage of our...More
We stayed in a newly renovated room, and everything was very nice. The location is great, and the room was a good value. You can hear the fireworks at Disneyland from the room, so that was a little noisy, but usually we were too tired...MoreLet me start by congratulating you on participating on the Disneyland Half Marathon, and thank you for deciding to stay with us on such special occasion. We are glad to hear that you enjoyed our newly remodeled rooms, and that you were even able to...More
This wonderful property is only a short 10 minute walk directly into the heart of Downtown Disney with easy access to either park. Very safe and well lite. Be sure to cut through the Grand Californian Hotel. It saves time. The rooms have been recently...MoreWe are very happy to hear that you and your family really enjoyed your recent visit to our Anaheim property. Thank you for the wonderful comments you have regarding our property and our team members. As you already know, Eden Roc Inn and Suites is...More
Clean comfortable, minimal frills but cost was a driving force for choosing here, staff was responsive, close to Disney but a substantial walk just the same, Parking waasn't as bad as some previous reviews.MoreAs a newly remodeled property, located in the city of Anaheim, just ten minutes (walking distance) away from the main entrance to Disneyland, Eden Roc Inn and Suites is proud to state that we have the most affordable rates around the area, when compared to...More
This is our go to spot when visiting Disneyland. Very affordable modern place to stay that's extremely clean. All rooms have hardwood floors...no disgusting carpets!! The staff is very friendly professional. Great location with a short walk to theme parks.MoreThank you for taking a moment of your time to review our Anaheim hotel. Eden Roc Inn and Suites is in the perfect location for those families who want to explore the wonders that Disneyland has to offer, as we are located just a ten...More
I attend Expo West every year in March with my company from Colorado. We discovered Eden Roc 2 years ago and booked it for the next year through booking.com. Luckily, we decided to double-check the reservations and discovered that there was a mess up and...MoreDear MsTraveler113, Thank you for giving us a four star rating. I am glad that my team, Oscar, was able to assist you in your reservation problem. Yes, Ms.Traveler 113, it is best to book directly with us. (714-663-8700) My team will always take care...More
We stayed here for the Tinker Bell half-marathon weekend. Our plans changed at the last minute, and we were able to find a great room at a great rate at Eden Roc, and you can't beat the location! It is so close to the Disneyland...MoreThank you for the 5 star rating and the great compliments about our hotel and staff. We strive to give the best service and the best rooms to all of our guests. We are very glad you enjoyed your stay and we are looking forward...More
We really enjoy our stay at the Eden Roc. This hotel is our go to when we go to Disneyland. Oscar who we have come to know is always giving us good tips on restaurants. The hotel was recently renovated and the rooms are really...MoreThank you for taking a few minutes out of your busy schedule to provide us with your feedback. We are happy to hear that our guest service representatives shined for your during your stay, and that they are always shinning during your every stay at...More
Great experience at Eden Roc. Staff was very courteous and helpful. An overall awesome experience. Would recommend to anyone staying in the area looking for a more affordable hotel. Rooms were very clean.MoreThank you for taking a few minutes out of your busy schedule to provide us and future guests with your feedback. We are appreciate the great words you have about our newly remodeled property and regarding our team members. As you saw during your stay,...More
Yesterday Sunday March 27, I reserved a one bed room for one night and later I upgraded my reservation for a room with two beds because my daughter was coming with us. Now I have been charged for two rooms! I want you to reimburse me my money!
A group of us went for the weekend to Palm Springs and stayed at the Desert Eclipse. Its a very intimate resort with all the rooms facing the center courtyard that has beautiful central pool and jacuzzi surrounded by beautiful landscaping. The pool was like bath water. The rooms are very spacious and the beds are so comfortable. The owner... More
We found this hotel online with a discount coupon. Checked out the website and everything looked great...it boasts free shuttle service to Disneyland and Knotts and that it is a mile and a half away from Disneyland. Try about 5 miles. Took forever to find it. It was in this wierd, old part of town, off the beaten path, right on the main drag of Brookhurst street. Outside appearance was a little icky. It had an unattractive closed down restaurant as part of the hotel and an old shuttle that was sitting in the front. To our dismay, there were no longer any shuttle services offered. The rooms were old and a little bit dingy. You can hear people in the other rooms taking showers. The beds were not at all comfortable. TV got only a few stations. Definately not what we expected. We thought it was going to be a classy hotel by Disneyland. We felt slightly misled by the website. The perks The rooms had a microwave and little refridgerator. The pool was nice and secluded, very quiet and clean. My nephew and I swam for 2 hours, all alone! We were the only ones out there, it was great! Friendly staff, willing to help. Overall, this wasn't a horrible place to stay, but I will be much more diligent in the future when I do research for hotels.
Stayed one night while traveling summer, 2015. The staff was friendly. Complimentary breakfast was the typical selection. Breakfast area was small. The refrigerator that contained yogurt was a bit obscured. It was on the floor underneath a countertop. I did not notice it until I saw someone squat down to open the door and remove a yogurt.
We had reservations for 5 individual nights in September. Upon arriving late, we had our last full day at Yosemite National Park, for check in we were informed the first 3 nights had been cancelled due to the credit card not going through. We recently had a fraud issue and had been issued a new credit card number. They were... More
Came here with my 5-year-old son for a one night stay. On the bright side, check-in went smoothly and the room was clean. However, this is not a great location for families. It was too windy to use the outdoor pool, but we probably wouldn't have stayed in the pool long anyway because of the car exhaust coming from the... More
My husband and I drove up the coast of California we didn't book any hotel rooms we just Winged It. This hotel is very clean has access to the beach and is within walking distance to whatever you would like to do in Pismo Beach.
I've stayed at the Dolphin Cove three times now. It has the best location of just about any beachfront motel you could find. However, you must come in the right frame of mind. It is not in any way fancy or elegant. It is a bit funky. I like that, but many people would find it too funky. While it's... More
Convenient area to freeway in Culver City. Easy to book thru Booking.com. I chose not to stay after viewing room. Carpet needed vacuuming, mirrors with fingerprints, hair in sink, dusty furniture, poor quality of towels. Called Booking.com who were extremely helpful in talking with manager of motel. We received full refund.
The Hilton Hotel is located very close to all major shopping in the Concord area. The hotel itself is a nice example of a Hilton hotel, and the staff and rooms reflect that level of service. Expect to be taken care of well.
This is our 2nd hotel that we've stayed at on Route 66. The price was very reasonable but with that price comes some sacrifices. One of them being is no breakfast. The rooms are small, quaint and the beds were comfortable. The hotel that we stayed at the night before outside of Sequoia National Forest was twice the price and... More
First of all, it's a miracle that this motel is still standing and mostly functional. It's very authentic for what it was built for, which is to say cheap, one-night lodging for people driving long distance. But this place is not for everyone, at least. The rooms are spartan, in keeping with earlier times, and not very big. Our room... More
I've stayed at Falling Waters Resorts a half dozen times in the last three years. The rooms are clean, the location is great, and the property is located next to the Kern River. Many of the rooms have bbqs, good kitchenettes, and outdoor seating. Kernville proper is just five minutes away, and outdoor access (rafting, hiking, mountain biking) is all... More
To basic of an hotel for 150 bucks a night. Tiny room. Squeaky bed. We couldn't even enjoy being intimate cause they squeaked so much loudy. They dont have bathrooms in the room. It felt like i was in solitary confinment cause the room was so plain. Didnt have any curtain on the window so i had no choice... More
I have stayed at this hotel once or twice a year for quite some time. Its a decent hotel, nothing spectacular, unless you want to get drunk and ride a mechanical bull at the bar really, but other than that its a decent hotel. I recently booked a room online, where I was charged immediately, but there is also now... More
I usually dont write reviews but in this case feel like i need to Warn others... We booked a non smoking room on line. The Place looked nice from outside... but room we got reeked with smell of cigarretts! Complained about it and was told that no rooms to trade was given a can of room deodorizer..Needless to say... More
I recently stayed at this Motel 6 on a trip to the area. The motel had easy access to both Highways, was quite, comfortable, allowed pets for no additional charge, and was a great price to stay. The room was small, but was packed with amenities and had enough room for me to pop up a dog kennel inside. Lots... More
I had never stayed at any Motel 6 before, so my wife and I were a bit apprehensive. It may not actually be located in Big Bear Lake. I believe that it's just over the line in Big Bear City. My GPS couldn't find the address in BBL, so you may want to punch in BBC. The location may be... More
Everything about the OB Hotel is fantastic. The rooms are well-appointed and comfortable. The balcony we had was great and had an awesome view of the ocean, the beach, the end of Newport...the whole scene. The staff was courteous and prompt. We were even able to check in a few hours early. Parking, while a bit tight, is right on site - a welcome feature in OB. What a great spot in a great town! Go and enjoy this wonderful hotel and all the area has to offer...
A simple nice hotel for the money. Nothing fancy, but it will do considering the price and location. I would stay there again. A little street noise, but not nearly as bad as I expected from its location right by the street. Great value.
Very nicely appointed small room, but acceptable lodging for the price when spending the day away from the Motel wine tasting. Very small outdoor swimming pool (probably smallest out door pool have ever seen -- even smaller than indoor pool at Best Western Plus in Albany, Oregon -- another guest had stayed many times at this Motel for business, and commented he had never seen anyone in the pool. But, when there to dine and visit wineries without children, swimming pool irrelevant. But families with children who want to play in the pool, or adults that want to swim some laps be advised that this is not the Motel swimming pool for you. Good, adequate complimentary breakfast (2 choices) with coffee or tea at Denny's next door. Had not experienced this arrangement before, and was certainly nicer and more convenient than the 5.00 credit given by Adelaide Inn in Paso Robles, CA, at expensive for breakfast restaurant located two blocks away from Motel.Thank you for your review. Yes our pool is on the small side, but we have a large area to lounge and soak up the sun. We are glad you enjoyed our arrangement with Denny's for our rewards members.
This little hotel on the outskirts of town is a gem! Clean, comfortable and friendly! The rooms are large, and the staff was very efficient. We would definitely stay here again when we come wine tasting!Thank you for your great review and we are glad you had a fun time! See you on your next trip to the beautiful Napa Valley.
Interestingly, the only vines you will see here are a few sad ones that grow around the edge of the parking lot. The location is ok for doing winery tours as you have access to the major Napa and Sonoma routes. The room was clean but the place was noisy. We had a room with a connecting door to another room and you could hear anything/everything through it from our bathroom. Lots of walking around noises from above as well. If I stayed there again I'd go for the top floor and make sure it wasn't a joined room.
Walked in to the room and was greeted by an overpowering stench of disinfectant. We opened all the windows but it took several days for the smell to disappear. Ceilings are extremely thin and so you hear anyone walking around upstairs well into the late hours of the night. Every morning, we found broken glass in the parking lot, probably from a late night patron of the breakfast joint next door. For 240 bucks per night, I would have expected far less problems. I shared these issues with the front desk and they said they would put us in an upstairs room on our next visit. This is obviously an old motel turned into a Best Western. We won't be back.Thank you for completing the survey regarding your recent stay at our property. On behalf of our entire team, I would like to apologize for not exceeding your expectations. Your satisfaction is important to us and we will be using the feedback you gave us to implement improvements to ensure we offer a better experience for guests in the future. We have always been a Best Western and have just gone through a 100 remodel of our property I hope that you will consider staying with us again so that we can have another chance to provide you with a superior experience.
The room was so noisy we could hear every footstep from the people above, every toilet flush and every shower that they took. Winetasting in the courtyard was very loud and folks stayed after the winetasting drinking until the wee hours of the night . Staff was not willing to quiet them nor even leave the front desk to talk to them. Breakfast items in the morning were not replenished hot water was out replaced with warm water not useful at all . Rumors of free vouchers to Dennys never appeared .This was not a cheap property I do not feel I got my moneys worth I couldve stayed at a motel eight or six for equivalent valueOn behalf of our entire team, I would like to apologize for not exceeding your expectations. Your satisfaction is important to us and we will be using the feedback you gave us to implement improvements to ensure we offer a better experience for guests in the future.
At the southern end of the Village of Napa, it is easy access to Napa and the valley. Very clean, and very comfortable. Quiet pool area. Breakfasts from Denny's is a nice feature. The have winery coupons which allow 2 for 1.Thank you for your review and we are glad you enjoyed your stay!
A huge thank you to Nicole, who was super efficient in finding a group of badly prepared friends, Wineries that stay open after 4pm at 15h50!!!! She was not phased at all, went online and found some AMAZING options within 10 minutes drive from the hotel. This is the hotel you want to stay in if you want to visit wineries that are still open after 4pm. The hotel rooms were huge with loads of space and big beds. More importantly there is a hot tub and pool that closes at 10pm. So after a day in the sun, it is a fantastic option. The hotel has a Denny's attached but also an iHOP within 2 minutes walk across the road. However, the hotel offers a substantial breakfast 'snack' of yogurt, cereal bars, fruit, tea, coffee and juice. Again, thank you Nicole for your professionalism, beautiful smile and calm approach! Thank you for your feedback! We appreciate your business and hope to see you again!
Very nice staff! We used our Best Western Rewards points to obtain a free night's stay. They upgraded us to a two story suite! Very special. Room was spotless and everything was in perfect working order. The entire facility is well maintained and safe. While we were on a busy highway through town, there was no noise in our room. A substantial breakfast is provided at the Denny's adjacent to the hotel. Across the street is ample shopping, and there is a Starbucks nearby. We will stay here again.We are glad you enjoyed your stay and we were able to upgrade you to the suite. The perks of being a BW Rewards member.
Great property! Wonderful beds! Upgraded furnishings in room 309. Good location to everything. Very quiet. Staff was friendy welcoming. I booked this hotel via the 800 and the gentlemen was super friendly and helpful. Rate was 107/night, which for Napa Christmas week was a very good value. If you sign up for the Best Rewards program you get coupons for breakfast at Denny's which was on property. Even it had an upscale feeling to it. No complaints whatsoever about this hotel experience!Thank you for your review of our property. I am glad you had a great time.
The hotel was noisey during the night with people coming and going knocking on doors and people walking around all night long. I could not reccommend staying there. The internet was not working and there was no attempt to get it fixed. Some tall black guy walking around minding everyones business.
While the room itself was clean enough, with newly renovated bathrooms, it stank of Lysol, and since I would not advise leaving the windows open, given the homeless people and drug addicts who wander around the open halls here, the rooms can be quite stuffy. But the problem is less the room, but rather the kinds of people that management allow to stay in the rooms. We stayed next door to Room 29 which is blatantly a brothel with people coming and going all night, and I even got solicited one night for some fun by a prostitute in the parking lot. Random people knocking on our door at 5am, smashing bottles outside the door, people arguing and fighting in the middle of the night. Rows of homeless people sleeping around the sides of the building. While they do have a security guard who wanders around, he does not do very much. The area is not dangerous per se, as we would come back for nights out on the town late at night and no one bothers you walking the streets as long as you mind your business. I could go on, but do yourself a favor, and dig into you pocket, pay a few dollars more, and stay away from this place. That way, you can actually enjoy your stay in SF.
We know people start a motel to make money .... but this is crazy !! The guy who helped us was very nice to us, nothing wrong there ... we got the room via booking.com ( bastards) the room looked okay at first ... pretty clean, a bit old, but okay ... but after our first night we had red little spots on our bodies ...we thought we had mosquito bites, but after another night we knew it were BedBugs ... we looked it up later on .... and we knew it cam from the bed .... what a bummer .... !!
Our window was broken, luckily we were on the third floor but it got very cold, and the heat had only one setting which was 80 so then we got heated out, heard sirens all night and loud cars, and they wouldnt move us to another room. Phone didnt work so each time we had a problem we had to walk all the way over to the office. Needles and homeless people all over the stairways. Elevator smelled of urine so bad we could never take it. No hot water, and very low water pressure. It was in downtown SF in which is another story, of course tons of homeless sleeping everywhere around the hotel. Lobby workers very rude and uncaring.
we booked this hotel and they told us we could cancel our reservation 24 hours before the stay.i read the reviews and saw the hotel was bad. So i canceled. They said there was no cancelation policy. So I canceled my credit card. But then I found out that the charge went through.
We stayed in this hotel with my father, who was coming to SF for a medical appointment. I booked the room online for 2, no charge in advance. It was very hectic and stressful trip for us, so appreciated very friendly and helpful staff. When we were checking in we couldnt get the CC thru, they let us stay with a promise we would take care of it next afternoon after we get off the hospital. We had a booking for 2 days, but we decided to go home after first night since we were alreaady done with our business in SF, they didnt even charge us cancelling fee. The room was ok, I would say it is perfect for people who only need a place to crash out- cant beat it for the price and location.Come on guys, you are in SF there are homeless people EVERYWHERE
The biggest problem of this hotel is the location, the hotel itself is not that bad. It is clean in general, rooms are very tiny, it doesn't have a fridge and microwave. So basically that's a fine place to sleep, have shower and not more than this. So, If you plan just to sleep in that hotel several nights, it is fine. The hotel can't be blamed, that the district is full of homeless, hookers, drug dealers and junk. However, that district it still in historical part of the city and very close to the Market St and the tram lines.
I am so sad I did not see the ratings for this place before I made 2 nights reservation. My family and I rented 3 rooms and what a mistake! One room had dirty sheets and we had to ask twice before they came and changed them. The maids did not seem happy about the ekstra work and for them where sheets with stains are apprently clean sheets no matter what. They even started to argue about it with my husband!The cable tv was not working proberly and the channels we could recieve was not even the same in all 3 room even though they where located right next to each other. Many of the channels kept on freezeing both the picture and the sound.No airconditioner in any of the rooms. The surrounding area seem quite dodgy, particuly at the back of motel. The homepage promise free high speed internet in all the rooms, but ups! That only works in the lobby! The beds are exstreamly small even acording to european standard! There are no refrigeater in the rooms. The window in the bedroom are plainted over with white paint so people can't look in, but several spots are free of paint and there are no curtain.Buttom line: I'm NEVER comming back again to this place!
The hotel room and bathroom were clean. No smoke odor or any other odor. Sheet and towers were clean. Everything work in my room (TV, lights, heater). My room was for one person really. They have bigger room too. For the price this is a nice hotel and close to must of the attractions (walking distant).TV work fine. It only have a table and a chair only, the bed and to night stand.Be careful if you park in the back of the hotel, take anything that will attract the attention. There are lot on homeless etc... but they won't bother you. I was walking late at night (2AM) with no problem. The room with the ice and soda machine was close. But they are around place to buy ice an anything else. Subway restaurant is across the street and lots if Vietnamese restaurants in the block. If you want a fancy hotel, this one if not for you. This is for people that will be out all day and return to take a shower and go sleep and watch tv while relaxing.
Please DO NOT book this place. As soon as I got there, I felt scared. However, I couldn't leave because I couldn't find an affordable place due to a convention going on. I thought that I would spend all day doing tourist stuff, and just come here to sleep, but it was a nightmare! There are a bunch of homeless people, drunk, high, suspicious etc around the area. I'm from a country with the highest crime in the World and I have been in many cities, but I have never felt so scared. There are trash bags in the stairs and they smell like pee. The rooms smell like weed and smoke furthermore, the smell of cleaning chemicals were worst. I didn't see bed bugs however, there were hairs in the sheets. It feels like they never changed them. The shower didn't work. I heard two men next to our bedroom having loud sex. I saw 3 transsexual men in the room downstairs in underwear. People tried to get in our room several times therefore, I put the table against the door. If you have family, don't even think about staying here.
a very average place to stay, but I am a very budget conscious traveler and and dont mind to save on a hotel to spend in other places, such as shopping at nearby downtown San Francisco!With in walking distance from Union Square and all the attractions restaurants and night lifethe city has to offer. NO WIFI in the rooms
Room was super clean, bed was great. Now the not so great stuff. Bathroom was like the inside of a cave. One weak light, barely enough to see what you're doing. Shower needs to be redone as floor was badly chipped and looked super bad....More
This hotel is just spectacular! The staff is friendly and he service is phenomenal. The rooms are spacious with incredible views. Rooms have floor to ceiling windows. Its a small boutique hotel with lots of Meeting space and a great restaurant.
This place it out there in the woods. It is a bit hard to find. The location is very quite. It feels peaceful and secluded. However also maybe a bit creepy for the squeamish hearted. The place is pretty rustic with some hunting trophies on the wall and some dust and grime here and there. Not really sweet romantic getaway... More
Situated right on the Chinatown gates, Astoria is perfectly located. A few blocks from the muni the cable cars, bart within 1 block but the hotel itself is terrible but it's very cheap. The whole place needs a refurb something doing about the smell which lingered in the corridor room.I found the bed comfy but won't be in a rush to go back. We were also lucky to receive complimentary pubes in the bathroom on arrival.
I've stayed here at the Astoria Hotel every time I've visited The City except once and I've been visiting on a regular basis since 1986-1987. I stayed once at the Olympic Hotel on Mason Street near the Hilton and the Marriott off of O'Farrell St. The Olympic was on par with the Astoria but was bought out by the Art Institute for dorm space or whatever so it's been the Astoria ever since. I guess if I was a Hilton, Marriott or Hyatt kind of guy I wouldn't mind throwing away 200-250/night just for a place to sleep. Not to compare the two properties obviously but there are many more ways to spending your hard earned vacation money there in San Francisco as any other expensive locale. But maybe I have it all wrong which is a distinct possibility. What is it they say about real estate: location, location, location... At the corner of Grant and Bush next to the Chinatown gate, you couldn't ask for a more convenient location. And for you Starbucks junkies, there's one across the street. And it's cheap and that's one word you'll never hear associated with San Francisco. I guess when I can book r/t airfare and 7 nights at the luxurious Astoria for much less than 1,000, I shouldn't complain. I never pay full fare and if I think rates are high I just won't go, simple as that. But a few simple amenities wouldn't hurt. Like, for instance maybe a couple of microwaves in the community room on the second floor so the guests can warm up some leftover restaurant food or even warm up a cup of coffee for heaven's sake. Don't know how much it would cost to Wi-Fi each floor but the community room has it but I'm sure most guests would prefer the privacy of their own rooms. The breakfast items served on the second floor daily works for something on the run. And how about some vending machines and ice machines. We're not asking the owners to break the bank here but I've talked to a front desk person there who has mentioned these type of amenities to the owners for years and has had no response.But then again who do you think is going to absorb the costs of these added amenities and renovations. Their loyal customers like myself. Maybe if some of us took our business elsewhere they'd get the message. Probably not. Food for thought Astoria Hotel. Is anybody listening there.. I must give a shout out to the hard working housekeeping staff. They do a heck of a job and at least my room has always been clean, or let's say clean enough. And maybe add a few more channels and upgrade the TV's and make sure all the remotes work. Just saying...
While this place is relatively inexpensive, it isn't worth the savings! As soon as we walked in, we noticed the room smelled like urine. There was no remote for the tiny television, the towels looked worn and unclean, the mattress was as hard as a rock, there is no ventilation (no ac, no fan) in the room and there are no screens on the windows. The worst part was that we were attacked by mosquitoes all night! The tub didn't drain properly (while I was showering, I was standing in several inches of water) and the bath mat for the outside of the tub was a piece of paper! It is a shame because it is obviously a hotel that has been in SF for a long time, and could be charming if the owners took better care of it. We will never stay here again.
we stayed here for 6days,its in a good location,right at the gates of china town and trendy places to eat at,but it is old and the rooms need up dating,
The room was basic but clean, quite old fashioned and needs updating but the bed was comfortable enough and we got a quiet nights sleep where we were on the 7th floor. The room was cleaned each morning and fresh towels given. The free buffet breakfast was good, loads of different kinds of bagels, chocolate muffin/cakes, toast, eggs, cereal, tea and coffee. The bagels were the best i've tasted!! The breakfast room was very small and just a kitchen really but was nice and gave me that travelling vibe whilst i made and ate my toast alongside Germans, French and Dutch fellow travellers. One thing i did not like about the hotel was the lift!!! By the second day i was taking the stairs! All 7 flights of them...! The lift is tiny, very scary and just felt like it was about to go at any second! The hotel is situated right next to the Chinatown gateway which is a great location. 5-10 minute walk to Union Square and the main shopping area. One day we walked to the Coit Tower from the hotel and then kept on walking down to Fishermans Warf, if you look at the map you will see we covered some distance but in my opinion - its the best way to explore around. We even walked all the way back!!I was pleased with our stay, for the low price we paid we got a comfortable bed to sleep in, clean bathroom, free breakfast and it was in walking distance for pretty much everything we needed.
I stayed for over a week. You get what you pay for, but it was fine where I stayed (5th Floor). For 56/night (taxes incl), close to everything, and away from the seedier parts of downtown, it's a pretty good deal.They don't change the sheets every day, but do you change your bed sheets every day at home I believe they change every 3 or 4 days, but you have to ask them.I didn't see any bed bugs. But I took precautions, just in case. I kept things off the floor, and I put a big clear plastic garbage bag around my suitcase. And I brought double-sided tape to use as bug trap if I needed it (which I didn't).The breakfast, if you chose to buy the breakfast tickets for 4, consisted of toast, bagels, milk, juice, boiled eggs, and a chocolate snack (all bought from Costco).There is WiFi, but you have to go into this big room on the second floor to get it - no big deal.If you need some deals or ideas of what to do, in the lobby, you will see a rack full of brochures. Some of those brochures have coupons in it for restaurants or ideas on what to do in SF.Yes, you don't get the quality of service in a 4 or 5 star hotel, but you get what you pay for. It's either a one-star (if you take the shared bathroom) versus the two-star (private bathroom) facility.I would recommend this place to people who aren't fussy and who don't have high expectations.
Pros- Very good location- Newly renovated- Clean rooms and fully equiped baths- Comfortable for business trips- Good internet connectionCons- The smell, I noticed it in many hotels similar to this one (but you get used to it)- If you get a room with the view to the street, it is very noisy (the windows are very old)- You cannot pay online, and if your company pays for you, make sure all the papers are signed in advance- The furniture and the beds are old
Clean comfortable room, accommodating staff, only a few complaints- room a bit cramped for 2 beds, street noise on front side and low water pressure in sink. Other than that, would recommend for overnight or long term stay.
This was a great find. It was in a good location. Everything was in a good distance! We like to walk so it was perfect! Rooms were newly refurbished! Basic but perfectly clean and fine! Comfortable bed. Perfect for us we enjoyed or stay so thank you! Dear Kaylrd,Thank you for staying with us at Greenwich Inn. We are so happy to hear that you enjoyed our convenient location and newly renovated rooms. Please think of us again when booking your next trip to San Francisco!Warmest Regards,Greenwich Inn
Stayed here for 3 nights whilst visiting San Francisco . Great location everything within walking distance. Rooms lovely they have just been re furbished with everything you need coffee facilities/iron/hairdryer etc . Continental breakfast available in reception which you can take back to your room.Free parking but spaces are limited. Reasonably priced for San Francisco would recommend.Hi Kevin, Our location is definitely one of the fantastic things about our hotel. We are so lucky to have a property in the heart of San Francisco, and which is so convenient for so many of the city's attractions. We are delighted that our hotel seems to have been so suitable for your needs, and we hope that you will stay with us again when you are next in town. Best wishes, Hotel Management
Dirty sensation. Carpet full of cigarrettes holes. Very old and used. Very noisy AC. Free parking. Thick walls, you listen your neighbourgs snoring. The are is nice, bacause you have some bars around and the neighbouhood is suitable. Near Fillmore Street (genuine american, San Francisco Street, full of live, no tourists).If your budget is low, and you are not very ambitious with the room, is one the cheapest way to stay in SF. Leave you lugage and go to visit the city.
The hotel is simply horrible, dirty, smelly and noisy beyond belief. The sheets have not been changed when we booked the room and mould and dirt were 'dripping' out of the extractor in the bathroom. Even for 100 a night it was a torture. I stayed in the area a few years ago in the Ramada hotel which is now unfortunately closed, the hotel was simply lovely. While searching for a similar hotel, Greenwich Inn appeared, I don't know what I was thinking booking it..
Easy to walk to various points of interest and neighbourhood felt safe and friendly. Lots of restaurants nearby. Free parking and relatively cheap rates. A good base for a few days in San Fran.
Don't let the outside looks fool you! This might be a motel kinda of place but the owners did a fantastic job renovating it to today's standards. Check-in and check-out was a breeze. As we got there late evening, they helped me locate a parking spot within the property. (review of parking to follow so keep reading)We got a 2 queen room and it was much bigger than I expected. There was plenty of room to roam around without feeling cramped. Everything was clean and well appointed: big flat screen TV, microwave and fridge, coffee maker, iron, closet. Beds and pillows were very comfy. There were also TONS of outlets (including usb) to charge all your electronics. Bathroom was just the the best. It is an open tiled bathroom with the most amazing water pressure ever. It felt like getting a massage in the shower! They offered a light breakfast but we didn't try it. Plenty of really good restaurants less than 5 min walk away with a lot of choices (italian, japanese, brunch, veg/vegan, chinese, mexican, you name it.) Although parking is free at this hotel, the parking lot is limited and a bit tight which can be unnerving if you drive a big truck. We were lucky to get the last parking spot on our first night (it looked like they were sold out and parking lot was full) But did I say it was free :) Just park the car and take the bus. There is a bus stop less than 5 minute walk away. It was a 20 min ride to the Wharf and also 15 mins to Golden Gate Bridge Visitor Center.On the down side, it can get noisy as it is just off the street and you can hear cars pass by. It didn't bother us too much though and we still got a good night sleep. If you are light sleeper, just be aware. What a lovely review! Thank you for taking the time to go into so much detail to demonstrate how happy you were. You had the experience that we want to provide for each and every one of our guests! We are delighted that our property was such a wonderful match for your accommodation requirements, and we hope to welcome you back again soon! Best wishes, Hotel Management
Extremely satisfied with my stay here as we were looking for a place to stay last minute. The room was well worth the price - clean and modern with lots of space. There is free parking available too which is extremely convenient. Ricky at the front desk was very helpful and answered any questions we had. Would definitely stay here again.Thank you for your wonderful feedback - we are thrilled that you had such a wonderful experience with us, and that our hotel was so suitable for your needs and expectations. We appreciate your review, and are delighted that you intend to stay with us again we are very much looking forward to welcoming you back. Best wishes, Hotel Management
Stayed here for 6 days. Location is very good, right in the marina and cow hollow area which has many good restaurants and bars. MUNI stops right around the corner. The hotel and room are pretty run down. Old and and show signs of wear and tear. Tv made a weird noise. No AC, just heater(which also makes noise). Beds are ok. Bathroom is nice. The cleaning staff does daily cleaning of the room. For the kind of price paid, I didn't have high expectations, plus it was just a place to crash at night so overall it worked out. Area can sometimes be noisy due to the fire station being around the corner and bar/restaurant patrons walking the surrounding streets. If you are a light sleeper maybe some earbuds would be good. Overall: it's a budget hotel that shows its age and wear and tear. The location is very good and feels safe. If you are looking for a place to just sleep in, are not too picky about a room and don't have much money to spend in a nicer hotel then this would work for you.
This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Beware of room 20. This is the room with the weird vent on the door. So noisy and cold because you can't close it. Holes in sheets. Grimy, old and dirty. You are desperate if you stay here.
A great location right off Lombard street. They are in the process of of remodeling, so the rates will probably be going up. The rooms have big TVs, tiled showers, hair dryers, very nice beds, everything is new. The rooms do not have refrigerators, ice buckets, or mini-shampoo. Dear Ralph B,Thank you for your four star rating and many compliments. We hope we made such a good impression that you will continue to stay with us whenever you visit the area. We look forward to welcoming you back soon.Thank you,Greenwich Inn
Stayed there on 18/19 September 2004. Rooms are simple but clean. Area has good selection of restaurants and bars and an especially good cafe for breakfast, Home Plate on Lombard opposite the Ihop. It is noisey due to traffic and poor insulation, but was good location for travelling around. Fishermans Wharf is about 15 minutes walk and the no. 30 MUNI can be caught on Chestnut.
Like staying at your grans house but your gran stays on the main bus line to town.That is all you need to know, oh and you don't really like your gran that much.BUT i have to write 200 characters which is a bit silly to be honest so ill just comment on how 200 characters is a bit silly until it accepts that some places only need reviewed with a sentence or two.
Good hotel, really good bed.Hotel is doing work to renew it.Parking is a little small and you are close to the road, so expect to be wake up early.But if are visiting San Francisco it might not be a bad thing.Reception is a little awkward when the hotel is doing the work, its in a room, so you are not sure if its a reception or if its someone room.Thank you for your review. We appreciate your understanding whilst we are finishing our renovations, and we hope that you will return when everything is finished, so that you can experience our wonderful, fresh product. We really hope that we will have the opportunity to welcome you back! Best wishes, Hotel Management
The staff is truly willing to serve and meet your every need. The rooms were probably the cleanest I've stayed in, in any hotel. Conveniently located near the mall, other shopping eateries, freeways and Fresno City College.Dear Happy Guest - Thank you for giving us a perfect rating and for recommending our hotel to other travelers. I'm sure our entire hotel staff enjoyed catering to your needs as much as you enjoyed your stay. Take care!
The room was covered in boxwood beetle bugs, both dead and alive. While I understand there was an infestation in Ridgecrest, I would think the cleaning staff would be sure to vacuum at least the dead ones and attempt to get rid of the live ones. I told the office staff and they were nice, but just repeated that there... More
You can't expect much for 50, however our room was clean, although the furnishing are well worn. The bathroom was large and AC worked. The area attracted homeless folk which may put guests at ill-ease. Doors did triple lock.
In the past, Motel 6 has not been on my hotel radar. I went a couple times when I was a kid and all I remember from those trips is smokey-smelling , musty rooms, with broken and/or outdated furniture and beds I didn't want to put my suitcase on, let alone sleep in. Fast forward to today and a lot... More
I was hesitant because of some of the negative reviews. However, I was pleasantly surprised. Our room was clean and the staff was friendly enough. It was admittedly loud (our room faced Polk St) but bring some earplugs and you should be fine. It's walking distance to Union Square and Polk Street has a bunch of bars if you're into that. The surrounding area is a bit rough but most people won't bother you.
We were in San Francisco for 6 days, and we stayed at the Monarch.They were nice enough to check us in early,but the room had a slight smell and a view of the apartment that was 10 feet away. The bed was clean,but the pillows really really flat,and I am not a pillow person.It was cold in the room so bring warm socks(this was in Aug), warm pajamas and a pillow.The washrooms were clean and the bathtub deep.The safe did not work and if the temp.outside was hot,we would be in trouble,because it the AC was missing knobs.The tv had 15 channels and HBO( a few great movies).The Wi-Fi worked and the morning coffee was good. The biggest problem was that the area was loud at night with the homeless and druggies talking/yelling until 1am.In the morning the homeless were very visable and at night,I would not want to be coming in late if you are on your own. SO the hotel it self is worth the savings,but the area I something to really really consider and I am a city girl.Stay in little Italy or near the Warf,these are the cleaner and safer areas. Enjoy your time in San Francisco!
We booked here for a week months ago. As our cruise dates changed, we emailed our cancellation notice. We received confirmation of the cancellation and was shocked to find out that our Visa was charged the first night despite the fact that we had cancelled a week prior to our arrival.Our Visa company is now trying to recuperate our funds, but no reputable hotel would be so underhanded. ALL attempts to communicate the management/owners of the hotel has been to no avail.Do NOT book here unless you are 100 sure, do not risk it. We're out over 100 US but it's the principle of it that hurts us more than the money! Shysters!
I was a bit skeptical after reading the reviews but I found the Monarch to be very comfortable. The rooms were clean and the linens were fresh. Our room was always cleaned by the maid service prior to 11am. The staff also was very helpful in getting cabs, shuttles, and directions. Also I wanted to let people know that this is a big city neighborhood. There are homeless people in the neighborhood asking for change, but you find the same people at the wharf and union square. So if you have a budget or even if you dont I recommend the Monarch. You can walk to Union Square in 10 minutes, spend 7 bucks on a cab to the wharf, or walk around the corner to Van Ness and shop for a new Land Rover or Mercedes.
This is a well managed, clean hotel with nice enough rooms and a great cleaning staff. Just don't expect to do a lot of walking from your hotel after dark or to be able to leave your windows open at night. We heard people yellow/fighting in the street all night and a lot of dog fighting. I walked to and from the hotel during the day with no problem but at night this is a pretty sketchy location.Bottom line- if you are looking for somewhere clean and affordable, this place is fine, just don't plan to spend time in the few blocks around the hotel.
The hotel is very well located close to Van Ness avenue and close to the main points and attractions in SF.
This hotel is definitely not top notch. If you can book it cheap then it will provide you with a bed and a bathroom and cable TV. One thing that really pissed me off was that the wifi is extremely slow that it's almost impossible to use.So if you can book it cheap, good for you, if not, look for somewhere else.Thank you very much for your feedback, which is much appreciated. We are sorry that you didn't love our hotel, but we trust that you found your room to be clean and comfortable, and suitable for your needs. We are very sorry that you experienced issues with our WiFi, this is something that we are addressing with our provider, in an attempt to provide a better service for our guests. We would love to host you again when you are in the area thank you for your review. Best wishes, Hotel Management
This hotel is simple but clean and with charm. I like the room in the 4th floor. It is big and clean. The bathroom is quite enough and clean after a long stroll around the city. I feel that the bed is new and I saw too that they are delivering new bed mattress to the other rooms. The price I paid for the hotel is just enough for the expectations. Kinda just exact. I didn't have any negative vibes. The ladies staffs are great and helpful. I will come back on this hotel.
the room was horrible with dirty showers. I would agree: that's the worst hotel I have ever been respectively that I left before I slept there as I just couldn't imagine, sleeping there during my holidays! I certainly will not recoomend this place to my friends!Dear Dimitri, we are sorry that you did not have a great stay with us. We aim to provide clean, comfortable and pleasant stay for all our guests so we are disappointed to hear that this was not the case. Our room service team generally does a great job when it comes to preparing the room for upcoming guests, so it is strange that this had happened. Please know we will look into your experience further to ensure this does not happen again. We hope you will give us another try.
How lovely to finally find our hotel and discover the sign reads the NARCH HOTEL!, thankfully it didnt live up to its accidently given name! The reception staff were polite, if a little unapproachable, we had to discover all the facilities of the hotel by roaming around....only after 5 daysof braving the homeless people to use the phone in the street, did we discover the payphone and vending machines. They could really use a map of the hotel, or at least show you the facillities on arrival. Our room was comfy and clean, the bed was a brilliant size and so nice to crawl into after scaling the hills all day!! The maid service was excellent. The down sides were apparent straight away, our room was facing the corner of a busy junction, on the 6th floor....the constant traffic woke us up frequently as did the fire trucks which used their sirens freely and at least twice in the night, every night!!!!! The area is dodgy looking but actually not as bad as we anticipated, true there are homeless people everywhere and the street cleaners dont seem to venture that far, but we never had any trouble ( in fact i encountered more scary situations in the lift with non english speaking leery men who find it 'funny' to wedge you into a corner...) most homeless people were friendly or kept to themselves. Take a right as you come out the hotel, and you'll find a fantastic sandwhich shop QUIZNOS, right again and a cinema,diner and cocktail bar which are all really nice yet not mentioned in our guide. Lovely trip overall!!!
You get what you pay for this is a great deal if you don't mind the area. Staff was very friendly helpful and rooms, bedding bathroom was clean. Here are some tips/info you should know: It is right across the street from a facility where the homeless get services they are always hanging out there. The closest BART station, Civic Center, pops up in the middle of what could be called a homeless tent city. As a woman with 3 children traveling with me, all wheeling airport bags, we were very out of place walking to the hotel the kids were terrified. I felt much safer walking to the hotel from the west side-Van Ness street where there is great access to public transport.I wouldn't rule out going back to the Monarch on another trip if I needed a budget hotel, but I wouldn't bring kids there I'm not sure I'd go alone.Erica H,Thank for such a well-thought out and kind review. We always appreciate when a guest has taken the time to be so thorough. I am glad that you enjoyed stay at our hotel. We aim to provide comfortable, pleasant stay at a very competitive price. Thanks again for your stay and we sincerely hope that you visit us soon again next time you visit San Francisco.
Nice hotel close to downtown and Civic Center and one block from Van Ness. Hotel reminds me of small european hotel with beautiful lobby and elevator. Staff was helpful. Secure building, all rooms are inside secure lobby. Rooms are clean and roomy with windows that open. Coffee and tea in lobby. It is downtown SF so there will be some street noise. Paid parking next to hotel. Good place for the price. Felt secure staying alone.
We arrived in San Francisco on the Friday, did some sight seeing, bought souvenirs, We eventually got to the hotel around 9pm, we parked on the street just minutes away from the hotel, there were a few homeless people in the streets and didn't think too much of it, Next morning we went to our rental vehicle only to see it was broken into and a few of our belongings were stolen, The front desk was helpful in calling the police for us to get things sorted out. The next night we chose to pay for the valet service at 35.00 a night. because once we did more driving around we realized it was a very bad neighbourhood, not child friendly or even adult friendly for that matter . The hotel offered coffee and juice and the morning and this was not very good. Overall was not enjoyable to stay
First the bad - you get what you pay for, the building old and the lifts are rickety - one of those lifts where your not sure if you will make it up to your floor or not! The safe isn't electronic so you need to go to the reception pay 5 and get a key. Slightly worryingly the receptionist told me they only have a certain number of keys for the safes. As mentioned the streets close by are full of homeless, drunks and junkies. That said, there isn't too much the hotel can do about that.The rooms are not too bad, enough space and have a walk-in wardrobe to hang your clobber. Despite my earlier comments the hotel is central enough to get around the main attractions in a short taxi journey. A good place to stay if you aren't planning on spending much time in the hotel.Thank you for taking the time to provide a review of your stay. We are glad that you enjoyed our central location, and found our hotel so convenient for exploring the city. We are sorry that there were some elements of your stay which you did not enjoy. Please rest assured that although our lift is old, it is quite safe. We are sorry that you felt some areas of the hotel need updating but we do appreciate your feedback on this and will take your comments into consideration. Best wishes, Hotel Management
The hotel decor is a bit dated and the rooms slightly neglected. The bathroom wasn't great we did complain about our shower and the did quickly send a housekeeper to take a look at it. The rooms were a moderate size. There is a bit of noise from the streets below however it is a city destination. What I wish we knew beforehand is that it is opposite a night shelter for the homeless therefore there were. Few people on the street corner talking/signing and praying to themselves. Was slightly intimidating walking pass in the evenings. The valet took 20 /30 mins to collect the car when requested during the stay- though the staff were helpful. Rooms don't have a coffee machine either. The lighting in the rooms was dim - little impractical and the plug sockets a bit suspect. Dear SGee2013, We're sorry to hear you had this impression. We do our best to make sure that you're completely happy whenever you stay with us -- our Front Desk team is always there to help make this happen. Hopefully we'll get a second chance to show you our best. All the best, Monarch Hotel Management
Hotel Monarch is old hotel, but furniture was the room is not bad and there was enough for us. There were even hairdrier, iron, iron table in the room. Room was clean enough. At the begining, when we were going to our room, we felt the smell in the corridor (old carpet, corpses) In the room though it was ok. Location is not bad. It's not the center, but we got to most places on foot, that took from 15 to 40 minutes (Chinatown, Academy of Science, Piers). Hotel proposes guests free tee-coffee and WI-FI. Tee and coffee was ok, but WI-FI didn't work in reallity. Our laptop found good connection, but if we opened web-pages, they can't be downloaded. Once we witnessed, how six different people came to reception with the same problem. The staf tried to help, but in vain. But if Internet connection is not important in your trip, it's not bad place to stay.
Hotel staff was awesome during my entire 4 day stay! The hotel however, needs serious updating and plumbing maintenance. Decor is okay, rooms are small, floors/walls are quite thin. I could here the activities and conversations of those in nearby rooms. Insufficient ventilation in bathroom causing serious fog for hours. Area is heavily populated with homeless people with a community centers across the street from hotel. Wifi was horrible. No microwave. Refrig in select rooms. Elevator issues due to being so outdated. No breakfast, but coffee available 24/7 in lobby along with knats. Again front desk guys and housekeeping were very nice. Easy walk to union square, clubs, bars and food. Management really needs to invest in updates to the property's plumbing, wifi, guest accommodations to include refrig/microwaves and the environment immediately around the hotel as much as possible. Some guest room views are an open space shared with the apt complex next door and displays trash and a view into tenants' apts. I paid too much for my experience.We are obviously very pleased with your report of the great service that you received at our hotel. We do occupy an older building most of the buildings in this area are quite old, but we work tirelessly to ensure quality standards are upheld for our guests. We are very sorry to hear that this was not particularly evident to you. We are sorry that our property was not more suitable for your needs. Best wishes, Hotel Management.
Got a nice road facing room, with nice bed. Lot of choices of restaurants available. Quick check in and friendly staff. Nice recommendation for food. Free wi-fiBut poor walls. You can even hear others radio or water running in adjacent room. That's a problem!Hi Ratnangi M, Thank you for choosing the Monarch Hotel for your recent stay. We are happy to hear that you enjoyed many of our amenities and the room, We do have a good location with access to many restaurants close by. We are glad that you enjoyed your stay overall. We are constantly making improvements throughout the hotel, as far as noise is concerned, we we do ask guests to keep the noise level low after certain time and if needed help our guests shift to another room to accommodate their needs. Thanks again for your stay and feedback, hope to be your host again next time you are in San Francisco.
I rarely write reviews but after reading some of the scathing reviews, and wanting to cancel my own reservation after reading them (but had booked a nonrefundable reservation), I wanted to make sure this sweet little hotel receives the credit it deserves. I just stayed one night, prior to a residency interview in SF, so to be fair, was only in the hotel to sleep.First of all, the front desk is incredibly accommodating and efficient. Check in was a breeze. I requested the quietest room, and the nice man at the front desk gave me a room on the top floor away from the supposedly noisy elevator. The lobby is perfectly nice, did not smell, and I was very comfortable sitting there waiting for my ubers. The room was clean, quiet and the bed was comfortable (and I am actually quite picky about springy mattresses). There are some homeless people across the street, but I was never bothered or approached by any of them. Honestly, if it upsets you to see homeless people, SF is probably not the city you want to visit. The only negative was that the hallway did have a mild odor, but my room was fine. Overall, you stay at this hotel to spend less than 100 on a room in a very expensive city. It is not a luxurious experience, but it is a perfectly comfortable place to spend a night and I would recommend it.Thank you so much Lauren for making an exception for us, and taking the time to write such a comprehensive review of your stay with us. We're delighted that you enjoyed your stay so much, and that you found us to be a reasonable, yet clean and comfortable hotel for your short stay. We sincerely hope that your residency interview went well - you might need to recommend somewhere for family and friends to come and visit you! Thank you again for your review, Best Regards, Hotel Management
We wanted to be close to public transportation, the wharf, and attractions. The room was nicely done and we could watch the sunset from our window. We had asked for early check-in but even though they told us we could get in at 2pm they did not have our room ready until the normal 4.00pm check-in. But they did give... More
This is our third time staying at the Chelsea Motor Inn in San Francisco. This hotel is amazing for San Francisco. The price is fair, the rooms are clean, and the staff is great. The parking is free which is very rare in the city. There are plenty of restaurants within walking distance and some neat shops as well. You... More
The experience at this place was amazing. Although we only stayed for one night and didnt get to do everything it must be one of the nicest placed weve ever been. It is for sure better than the Four Seasons in Santa Barbara which we...MoreDear renderfarmer, Thank you so much for your gracious and thoughtful review of Rancho Valencia! We're thrilled to hear that you had an amazing experience from beginning to end and that you enjoyed our in-room amenities. We cannot wait to have you back to visit...More
This maybe one of my new favorite places. I began with a sit down check in with choice of cava or tea. My room wasnt ready so my son enjoyed the pool. The casitas met exceeded all expectations. The fireplace was so cozy at...MoreDear 345rg, Thank you for your feedback about your stay with us at Rancho Valencia. We're thrilled to hear you enjoyed the in-room amenities like the Nespresso, orange juice delivery, and fireplace! We love to make our casitas feel like home away from home. We...More
Not too many choice in this area but this hotel seems like the best choice. We rented one of the cabins. The locations is excellent, they have tall trees everywhere plus chairs and fire pits outside each cabin. Our cabin (and our friends cabin) was a bit worn out. The biggest disappointment was the fireplaces in each cabin did not... More
This hotel has had bad publicity in the passed... However the new owners are making it work.. They are in the middle of renovating the property. I found it to be extremely clean...I would recommend staying here..... And I will be staying there next time I attend the Salinas Rodeo..
Stayed here for a couple of nights it was ok. Its right next to a Shell gas station and the freeway which was a huge plus. Denny's is on the property so breakfast was easy. They do allow pets the guy next door had a dog barking all night so my wife didn't get much sleep. The check-in office smelled like cigarette smoke both days. I had to use the washer and dryers which charge about 6 dollars (all quarters) a load which is crazy and they supplied me with change which was cool. The bed sheets were very thin. They had nice sinks, tv was ok but cable channels were average. Parking was tight. Overall it was ok some good things some bad.
We have stayed on and off at this property for the last 10 years when coming to LA-Always Clean and great service. The recent upgrades to the rooms are very nice and create a modern space. We love Robert and Apu at check-in.327sylvia-Thank you for taking the time to rate and review your recent stay with us. Your feedback is greatly appreciated.
We stayed for seven days, as the basis for a holiday in San Francisco, with several trips around the Bay Area. For our purposes, it was the perfect hotel.It was booked via our travel agent, and when I afterwards saw previous Tripadvisor reviews, I was quite concerned. However, I'm really glad we weren't put off by them.It's clearly quite an old hotel, and we were staying in one of the motel-style rooms in the main part of the hotel. As Brits on holiday for the first time in America, it felt like lovely quaint Americana. The fittings and furniture were clearly new a good few decades ago, but everything was functional and clean. The staff were helpful and polite. The location is great for public transport - just a few minutes' walk to Market Street, and then you're right next to MUNI stops, and the Civic Center BART station, so travel around the city and beyond is very convenient.It's a very limited breakfast (but that's advertised), and a great bonus is that it's right next door to Sightglass - a lovely coffee roastery and coffee bar, if you want a good coffee to start the day. You're also right around the corner from two excellent craft beer bars - City Beer Store, and Cellarmaker.Being in the South of Market area (SOMA), you do feel you need your wits about you if out after dark, but it's the same in any city really.Overall, if you want a stylish hotel with modern fittings, this isn't it. But we wanted a budget hotel in the centre of the city for a holiday, and it was perfect for us.
I agree with all of the other reviews that say this hotel is shabby and run down. Staff are slow and totally not helpful. We had a suite across the street, well OMG, It was like something out of a horror show. We came from Canada and didn't know the city at all. We had picked up a hotel guide along the way and the Knights Inn was the featured hotel so we thought it had to be okay. Who ever put out that guide should be sued. Thank God we were able to find another hotel the next day. The room had bed bugs and when I told the person at the desk she accused me of bringing them with me.I tried to get a hold of Varsha Patel but she never called us back. I see she is quick to respond to bad reviews though. You are better off sleeping on the street instead of staying at this dump!!! Varsha wake up and smell the coffee! Go across the street and sleep in one of your rooms then you will know what everyone is talking about.
We only spent a day and a half in this beautiful city. But I will for sure be returning for further exploration. We stayed at the Limited Edition Ramada Inn on Lombard, down on the wharf. Clean and fairly quite accomodations. The man at the front was extremely nice though.Explored the wharf at night and in the day and thought it was fantastic. Did a trip to Alcatraz. If you haven't been I suggest a trip there. Beautiful and full of so much history. Nice day trip. As I said already didn't get much else in but that. For sure requires more time than we had to commit to..
I booked a room at the Ramada Limited Downtown San Francisco for 4 nights (19-23 May 2007) six months in advance at a room rate of 113 per night plus tax. The advertisement stated that there was free continental breakfast, free wireless internet in the rooms, refurbished large rooms, free coffee makers, etc. Despite having booked well in advance I did not get a room in the hotel but rather in the annex and at the same room rate. The annex was across the street and partway down the block and this was not at all like what was advertised.1 There were no elevators. I had to carry my bags up several fights of stairs to get to the room.2 The room was tiny (9 x 13 feet) and had only a single twin bed. My confirmation was for a queen-sized bed.3 The room was dark because the light bulbs had been removed from the lamps and the overhead light was dim. The carpet was filthy, so perhaps this was deliberate.4 There was no internet access. There might have been access if you walked back across the street and down the block to the main building and then stood in the lobby but I did not try this,5 The continental breakfast was only available to guests in the main building according to Samir, the desk clerk.6 There was no coffee or coffee maker.7 There was no bathtub - only a small shower stall. In any case, it would be ill advised to take a shower because only two thin hand towels were provided for guests making it impossible to dry off.8 The air conditioner was broken. It was running but not cooling and all of the knobs had been removed so it was impossible to adjust any settings. Perhaps for this reason, the room had a foul odor.I returned to the main building, it was now about 3.30 PM, and I asked Samir for a different room - similar to what was advertised when I booked the room. He told me this was impossible. I then told him that I would not be using the room and I would find other accommodations and he told me that my credit card would still be billed the full amount because I had already checked in. I returned to my room down the street and I called Ramada customer service telephone support and a nice fellow named Jason (I believe) agreed that this was a problem but he said that all Ramada properties are independently owned and thus he could do nothing for me. He gave me the name of the manager of this property and suggested that I keep trying to contact him directly.I packed an overnight bag and left my luggage in the room as I did not want to haul it down the stairs and around the city looking for another room and I was going to be charged for the room anyway. I stayed in the Marriott that night and retuned the next day to check out of the Ramada. At the desk was the acting manager, Bobbie, who explained that the manager, Mr. Monday, was in Indonesia. Bobbie had not been told anything about my problem but he quickly found me an acceptable room in the main building and helped me move my bags so I completed my stay at the Ramada. In compensation for my problems and having to take a room at the Marriott the first night he took 12.90 (!) off my total bill of 515.76 (not very impressive).I am extremely dissatisfied by this affair. The property is not as advertised and the price is far in excess for similar rooms in the city. Indeed, the room I was given in the annex was dangerous and uninhabitable. The Ramada staff at the hotel were unwilling to help until I was about to leave early, the telephone support from Ramada was unable to help resolve this problem.
I LOVE San Francisco but this place was not a highlight. We waited for almost an hour just to check in (checkout was not much better) and in that time 3-4 different people made complaints ranging from no hot water to toilets being blocked (2 Toilets), the receptionist handed them a plunger to deal with it themselves!! When we finally got checked in we had to go accross the road and up steep narrow stairs (which I fell on twice) to get to our room which was not much bigger than the queen size bed in there. Their free wi-fi only works in the reception area and the breakfast a danish or muesli bar (only allowed 1) was very lacking!The neighbourhood left A LOT to be desired, I did not feel safe. It is in a bad part of town and is not local to the shopping area.This is one place I will not be going anywhere near EVER again.Dear Guest,You did book the smallest and least expensive room, however, it is very clean and well-appointed and does have a TV/remote, coffee/tea maker with condiment package, iron/board, hairdryer and a closet area however, you are correct, those few rooms do not have good internet connection, thus the lower rates. San Francisco is a very compact city and land is limited and we really can not do anything about that fact. We do have a very clean hotel and we do our level best, and it is clearly indicated that we have two buildings opposite each other, we market our hotel honestly and have done our level best on accuracy. We are also in a quiet street where the main Police department and all the superior courts are located just in a 2 block radius, and 4 blocks to the main cable car station, visitor center, SF Nordstrom/ Bloomingdale shopping center, our area is known for fine restaurants, lounges and cafes - SoMa District. Wishing you all the best.
DISGUSTING DUMP! If this hotel is an example of the Ramada chain the health department should shut them down. This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I shall never visit another Ramada hotel again. The room stinks. I am guessing the carpets have never been cleaned. The room was not cleaned. The bathroom is filthy. The tv gets 4 channels and stopped working the second day. The elevator does not work so all luggage had to be taken up to the top floor by hand. The phone does not work, the sheets are full of holes and the curtains smell. DO NOT STAY AT RAMADA HOTELS. I believe deseases cold be hatching in the rooms. Where is the San Francisco health department to protect the public Health department and tourist bureau start doing your job, SHUT THE DUMP DOWN NOW!.
This is the most perfect and convenient place to stay in SF, SoMa, during various Folsom Street events such as Folsom Street Fair and Up Your Alley. I am very pleased with the rates, the location and the quality of the rooms and will gladly return there in the future.
My wife and I were just staying at the hotel for one night and believe me when I say I didn't expect much to begin with because you get what you pay for, which is fine.I just needed an economical stay for one night - that's all.Well this one night stay turned out to be a nightmare!1) We arrived very late because our flight got delayed into San Fran. When we finally got to the hotel it was after midnight and there was one attendant working the front desk.As he was checking us in, the hotel system went down. The man spent about 30 minutes trying to figure out what to do and could not check us in at all. When he finally had everything back up, it all went down again which led to a much longer wait just to get our room. We finally got our room key well past 1am, which was after more than an hour of waiting.2) This next issue makes the first one seem like nothing.Our room was on the 3rd floor and the next morning I wanted to go move my car closer to our room. I called up the one and only elevator they have in the place and took it down to the main floor. Well just before I got to the first floor the elevator just stopped. I realized It was stuck. It is a very small and old elevator which made me feel so claustrophobic! I pressed all the buttons trying to go back up, open the door, the alarm button and what not. I even knocked on the door and screamed for help.I was in the elevator for about 10 minutes but it seemed like an hour and no one came to my assistance. Finally I kept holding the door open button and the door opened a crack and I pushed it open the rest of the way. It was on the ground floor thankfully so I was able to walk out. I had a did that just happen moment and was in total shock.What was even more shocking was that there was a sign on the first floor noting the the elevator was out of service! That's great but where was the frickin sign on the second and third floors Who was the genius that decided one sign would be enoughI got to the front desk and spoke with the man on duty and explained the situation. All he said was that he's new and he will put signs on the other floors (better late than never) and that the manager wasn't in that day so they would reach out to me.I took the manager's email address just in case. We checked in and got the hell out of there.Well it's been a week now and I haven't heard anything from management at all. In fact I emailed them a few days ago explaining why I had such a horrible situation to give them a chance to address it and I've gotten nothing back.I realize the elevator situation and the system going down might just be bad luck but it's how the staff responded that makes me upset. Absolutely no customer service whatsoever.If you decide to stay here don't expect service you'd get from an average hotel. It's far worse.
The Duchamp is a beautiful hotel with a great location. We loved being in the center of Healdsburg so we could walk to restaurants, shops and tasting rooms. The decor is modern and clean and the units are very spacious. We really liked the huge bathroom with extra large shower. The fireplace is a very nice touch. Breakfast was plentiful... More
The Duchamp is an unusual hotel. There is nothing corporate about it. Instead, it feels like a work of art itself. Every feature, every dimension has been considered to provide perfect comfort and privacy. From the huge bed with premium linens to the long lap pool and relaxing hot tub, everything is the best of its kind. I loved the... More
I am from Bakersfield. I had to Rent A Room For 2 Days Because I had Issues with my Home Some Repairs. What I am told by another Bakersfield Guest And One Of The Staff Members That People From Bakersfield Town Are Put in The Back Of Motel And Never Rent Them The Good Room, Because We Are Only There... More
mirror was damaged no hangers to hang your clothes there were missing tile missing in shower furniture falling apart cockroaches in the room water damage on the walls shower door does not close properly causing water to puddle on the floor. floor falling apart
Very clean. Great amenities, such as coffee of a few different types as well as hot chocolate in the morning. Microwave and refridge in each room which makes it very convenient. Most of all were greeted at the front lobby counter by Ryan she is such a kind helpful person who makes every guest feel welcome and important. A great... More
Thought the outside/area was a little questionable but we were pleasantly surprised inside. Our room was super clean and was updated. Modern furniture, too. Staff was nice. There was free coffee in the lobby in the morning but I didn't try it. Wifi didn't work well when we were there.
Very good hotel, we have stayed here for years and will continue to do so.When staying in Ranch Cucamonga California we never consider any other hotel the Best Western Heritage is the only place to stay. Very close to the malls, restaurants, easy access to freeways it is a very well located Hotel.
Room had a beautiful view and its in a beautiful clean area. Lobby reception area is under renovation but they were still able to service us efficiently. Only one thing was that our non-smoking room did smell like a smoker was there.
We booked our room, through Priceline about a month ago in preparation for a wedding. All of the other hotels that we would've preferred to stay at were booked. We received the confirmation email from Priceline, and called TWO days prior to our check-in date to see if it would be possible to get an early check-in since the wedding... More
Nearly everything was just right about our stay -- comfortable beds, spacious room, mostly thorough housekeeping (although they forgot to replace two of our dirty towels one day and we were left short), decent hot breakfast. My one complaint, and the one reason I may not be back, is the shower. The water pressure is good, but the temperature will... More
Patrick was amazing so helpful and friendly made our experience that much better giving it a 4 because the pull out mattress was dirty ..breakfast was awesome lots of options my kids made their own waffles with help from Patrick ..pool was warm .
Breakfast buffet worthy of a motel 6, showing the chain's true heritage. Most Intercons I've stayed at WW, have a much higher levels of service, training and food quality. This no frills meal served at Luce was a waste of 30.
I should've believed what I read here about the spire elite benefits in this hotel. Basically nothing! Got no upgrade on the room. Dated decor inside the hotel compared to any Intercontinental hotels I have ever been to. So disappointed of the customer service (lobby) and quality of the room (which looks like it is from the Inn. Location is... More
Dined here for an employee breakfast. Service could have been faster, but the food was very good. Presentation lovely.
Had no experience with riff-raff hanging around or rude desk workers. Very dog friendly. Easy in, easy out, plenty of ice. Easy parking, some freeway noise but windows do not open so AC drowned it out. If you are on vacation, it's not luxury, but if you are looking for a safe, clean place to sleep, it's fine.
We had 4 adults and 1 child (age 7). This was our grandchild's first trip away from home. Room 120 is marketed as a suite. It's not. It's a regular hotel room with 2 queen size beds and then a closet with a full size bed inside of it. I kid you not!The grandparents (us) wanted a seperate bedroom so we were stuck in the closet. There was not enough room for 2 adults to walk around in the room. You open the door and there's the bed. There was 6 from the edge of the opened door to the edge of the bed. The bed was up against the wall. There was one tv in the entire suite. That tv was outside of the closet bedroom. There was one side table lamp in the suite and that was not in the closet bedroom. The closet bedroom had a floor lamp on the opposite side of the closet from the bed and a blaring overhead light. There was just enough room in the closet bedroom to open one piece of luggage. There was a very small side table in the closet bedroom where one could put their clothes in...a bit tough if there's 2 adults in the closet bedroom staying 4 nights. What little carpet you were exposed to in the closet bedroom was sticky as though someone had spilled a soft drink by the side table.Had we known this we never would've booked here. Thus the reason for me writing to help other guests.The staff was extremely nice. We had rented a scooter and that was left in the hotel lobby overnight as none of the hotel rooms on the property would be able to accomodate a scooter. We were provided with plenty of clean towels in the one small bathroom in our suite.The pool was very clean.The breakfast consisted of frozen donuts (no microwave is available in the lobby eating area...if you wanted them heated up you had to take it to your room and use your microwave there), powdered scrambled eggs, bagels, small yogurts, a few pieces of fruit, milk, juice and coffee. Cereals were available from the bulk cereal dispenser and there was a waffle maker. The breakfast area was tiny. Since we stayed here from Oct 23 - Oct 27 there weren't a bunch of families to battle with in this breakfast area. I can not even fathom eating in the breakfast area during summer vacation, spring break, or during the holiday season when multiple families are in abundance. The seating consisted of 4 tables...2 tables accomodated 4 people and 2 tables accomodated 2 people (12 people total in the seating area). Of note, since this was something we had never experienced in any other hotels we've stayed in over a 40+ year span, there were two police vehicles parked outside the lobby with officers in the lobby that started one of our mornings off before heading to the Happiest Place on Earth. We didn't want to know what may have happened for their being there but the officers weren't there to partake in the breakfast, if you catch my drift.Parking was adequate and free. The maids like to trash talk about the guests in Spanish. This might be ok for persons who aren't Spanish-fluent, but we are. There's a sand pit playground area in the courtyard. It seemed to be in good repair. Our grandson didn't play in the area. I can't speak for any noise level this may cause in the rooms that surround the courtyard.Don't say you weren't warned. You get what you pay for. And no, we would never stay here again.
This hotel was a very good rate. We stayed here mid-september on a stop over trip to San Fran. The hotelroom had plenty of space for our family of 3 BUT it did smell really really musty. The shower curtain was a bit worn. The water pressure was great! The breakfast provided was very good but the seating area was so incredibly small. The woman at the front desk was a wonderful help with out Disneyland visit. She gave us some tips and helped us order our tickets.Thank you for taking the time to share your review. I apologize for any musty smell that you experienced during your stay. We will schedule extra daily carpet cleaning. I hope you do not let this prevent you from staying with us in the future.
Very affordable given the Area. Close to Disneyland and also the Anaheim Packing District. We stayed here on the 2nd floor. Place was nice and clean, but we found it a little more difficult having to get to the floor by means of elevator as the stairs were a bit farther off. Service was ok and room had all the essentials, but there was one small snafu. Gf noticed a big spider on the ceiling which frightened her and when I mentioned to the front desk morning person, he just shrugged it off. Otherwise, a decent stay.
This is the perfect hotel for Disney! The room was clean. Everything worked. Staff was very friendly and looked for ways to help. The manager is there and eager to assist. Parking was easy. You can walk to Downtown Disney in less than 15 minutes... and it is an easy walk. Another 5-7 minutes and you're at the gate of the Disney Park. Breakfast was decent. I can't imagine a better value for a Disneyland trip.
We stayed here for three nights while visiting Disneyland. We had two rooms, one standard (for the in-laws) and one suite. We booked the suite in order to have a separate sleeping room for the kids. The extra room, however, was very small (just enough room to unfold the bed) and couldn't be used for much more than sleeping (it had no TV). Strangely, the extra room also lacked any heat (it only had a cooling unit). We were in Anaheim during a cold spell in January so this was problematic but didn't ruin our stay.The standard room seemed a bit more updated than the suite but, aside from some peeling paint, both rooms were clean and comfortable. The hot breakfast was perfect (selection included belgian waffles, eggs, sausages, toast, pastries, cold cereal, yogurt, fresh fruit) but, as has been noted by other reviews, the seating area is woefully inadequate. Fortuntately, we weren't there during a busy time so the lack of room was more of a nuisance than anything else.I estimated the walk to Disneyland front gates to be about a mile. For us, it took 15 to 20 minutes, which was what we expected.Service was friendly and attentive. All in, given the price, we thought the value was excellent and would stay here again.Thank you for sharing your thoughts on your recent stay with us. I am checking into the issue you had with no heat in the suites extra room. I am also having the bathrooms repainted as we speak. I will speak to our staff again about reporting any issues about the rooms to me. Thank you for bringing these issues to my attention. I assure you that they will be fixed by your next visit.
I stay here due to the proximity to Disneyland, it's a quick walk to the parks, and because I get the Best Western rewards. If you book enough in advance the prices are in line with the cheaper cost hotels. All BW hotels have decent beds, bathrooms, come with microwave and fridge with a good TV and channels. The housekeeping staff does a good job with the cleaning. They do not offer breakfast, but they do give Denny's breakfast vouchers and they offer a go bag in the morning with an apple, a granola bar, and a small water. I'm usually in too much of a hurry to get to Disneyland to where breakfast doesn't matter anyways. The Stovall's BW is a few hotels closer, but is usually a little more and they charge for parking, but they have a full breakfast. Both are good to stay in. The BW on Ball Rd is nice too, but the walk is further.
My son and I stayed here while we were exhibiting at Natural Products Expo West and we couldn't have been happier with our choice! Even though this is an older properpty, the room was clean and comfortable and the beds were one of the best...More
Family suite was huge and more than enough room for 6 adults and 2 toddlers. Room was very clean. Very close to Disneyland. You walk across the parking lot to the Paradise Pier hotel. Very Economical price compared to hotels at Disney.Thank you for your recent stay with us at the Best Western Plus Pavilions. I am glad you enjoyed your stay and our Family Suite. Our suite is definitely large enough for families and we are thrilled it worked out for you and your family. Thank you again for your stay and we hope to see you again on future trips to the Anaheim area.
My daughter and I usually stay across the street from the Disneyland main gate. This was a last minute trip and Pavillions was the only place available. What a pleasant surprise. Very friendly and helpful staff. We were able to buy to park hoppers at a discount. The room was clean and comfortable. Wifi worked well. The grab and go breakfast snacks were nothing special. The walk to the parks was doable. We cut through the cast member parking lot across the street to Disneyland Hotel and onward to Downtown Disney. Sometimes we used the Monorail. It cut out a lot of the walk. The only downside for me is no in room safe. In the future I will still try to stay on Harbor Blvd. but wouldn't hesitate to stay here if that didn't work out.Thank you for your recent stay with us at the Best Western Plus Pavilions. We are please you enjoyed our hotel and staff and look forward to seeing you on future trips to the Anaheim area. Thank you again.
When we arrived we were greeted and promptly checked in. The rooms were spacious and very clean. Beds were comfortable as well. Our only issues were with the key card which had to be replaced 4 times before it finally worked right. Overall a wonderful...MoreThank you for your recent stay and providing feedback. Your satisfaction is very important to us and we hope you will stay with us again.
If you are going to either Disneyland or coming for business this hotel is situated in an excellent way. Just a 15 min. walk from Disneyland and a 10 min. walk from the Anaheim convention center, thou it is a bit pricey but it is to be expected in an area like this. The rooms are very good and clean and check-in is very fast. Being a European i just don't like the fact that this hotel (like many other in the US) don't have breakfast but a breakfast to go good thing is that there is a dennys 20m away where you can have a decent breakfast, and they even have a small pool and jacuzzi if you want to relax after a days walk in Disneyland. Overall a very recommendable location.Thank you for your recent stay with us at the Best Western Plus Pavilions. We are happy to hear you found our hotel and location helpful to your travels. As you stayed we are just a short walk to the Anaheim Convention Center as well as Disneyland. We hope to see you on future trips to the Anaheim area. Thank you again.
This hotel was the perfect location for us. We were directly across from Disneyland and could either walk or take the bus which had a stop directly in front of the hotel. The room was large and roomy with a refrigerator and microwave. We used the hot tub several nights and could see the fireworks. We also had easy access to the Interstate to sight see in Los Angeles and Santa Monica. I would definitely stay here again.Thank you for your recent visit with us at the Best Western Plus Pavilions. We are pleased to hear you enjoyed our location and the amenities at the hotel. We hope to see you on future trips to the Anaheim area. Thank you again for your stay and review.
Stayed here in July booked with Travelocity. A large part of my disappoint I will blame on Travelocity, I'm pretty sure I was booking a Best Western that was 'right across' from Disneyland and with the inflated price, I was sure of it. When I arrived I of course expressed my concern to the Front Desk and they happily called the other Best Western to see if there was avail, but there was not. They very kind and down to earth front desk clerk checked us in early (9:30AM on a Monday) and we got a 1st floor room very close to the lobby, which I would actually recommend. The room: beds were pretty comfy, bed linens were soft, pillows were plentiful, towels could have been better but did the job. There was a fridge and coffee pot in the room along with a hair dryer. AC unit was a bit loud but when we came back to the room for naps, it didn't bother us one bit. I can't complain much about the room itself --nothing went wrong or was out of place. The location: Here is where I'll get picky. I would not recommend walking to the park with little ones from here. You have to cross a majorly busy intersection, then walk through the Cast Member parking lot (finally found a safe walking area inside). This will bring you to the end of Downtown Disney, from here you can either take the Monorail to Tomorrowland or walk what would be another 'block' to the Main Entrance. I would not do this at night time! Good thing is there is an ART shuttle right in front of the property. I swear by these ART shuttles, 5/day for a shuttle to the front of the parks and runs every 20 mins. Again a positive thing about our room location is that we were able to just open our room door and keep an eye out for the shuttle and then run to it. Long story short, I overpaid on Travelocity, even after considering the location mix up. But the staff is remarkable so it made up for it.
This is a clean and well-located motel. There is ample parking and the breakfast is your choice so 3 items plus a drink from Denny's. Very impressive. We walked across the street and cut through the employee parking to get to Universal Studios which cut 5 minutes off the walk. Great place to stay. They offer park tickets and a shuttle if you don't want to walk.
A friend and I stayed here for the first time over Labor Day weekend, and were impressed. We were running in the Disneyland Half Marathon early Sunday morning, and we requested a 2nd floor room away from the road so we could go to bed early without being disturbed, and that's exactly what we got at check in. The rooms were very nice and clean, and the beds were sooo comfortable. Additionally, they were very accommodating of our weird schedules. On the day we left, my friend had a late flight, and they not only permitted us to check out an hour late, but gave us new key cards with pool-only access so we could swim and sit by the pool until it was time to leave. We will definitely go back, as we've decided that this is the perfect race-weekend hotel.We are so pleased to read you enjoyed your stay. We hope that we see you again next year for the next marathon. We thank you for your patronage.
Excellent staff. Clean room. I am sure they get many visitors asking the same questions over and over again about Disneyland as many are here to visit the park, yet staff is friendly and helpful. Great Italian rest next door.
My daughter and I enjoyed five nights at this hotel which was comfortable and convenient to buses to Disneyland, Universal Studios and also Outlet Mall shopping. Kelly on the front desk provided helpful suggestions for our excursions.It was very much a family-oriented hotel close to the action.There was no continental breakfast available but we were on the go so much that it didn't really matter. I would recommend this as a convenient, comfortable and clean hotel to take your family to with a lovely pool and hot tub. The fireworks from the Disneyland Park could be seen from the hotel poolside each evening.Pleased with our stay.
We stayed for 5 nights with our 2 children, we arrived from australia at 10am and were very grateful to get an early checkin, the motel is a long walk from disneyland and the easiest way to get there is by the art bus which comes every 20 minutes. Our room was clean and services everyday and the kids loved the pool, we did find the room was very hot though and the air conditioning was too noisy to use over night. If we were returning to Anaheim we would chose a hotel directly across from disneyland to make it easier to return to the room during the day.Thank you for your stay with us at the Best Western Pavilions. We are pleased you enjoyed our hotel and look forward to seeing you again on your next trip to the Anaheim area. Thank you again.
The hotel is located on the southeast corner of Walnut and West Katella (opposite of the Disneyland property on the Disneyland hotel side, to the right of the Denny's restaurant). The hotel lobby is located at the front of the property next to the high carport. The lobby looks beautiful, clean, and organized. This is where you get the grab and go breakfast. They do not have a continental breakfast, however you can get a brown paper bag and fill it with granola bars, juice boxes, fruit, yogurt, and pre-packaged pastries. There is also a business center here with two computers and a printer where you can print anything you need for your trip. They also have bathrooms for you to use when you check in. The property also has high-speed free Internet which works very well in the rooms. We stayed in room 204 which is at the back of the property, and our Internet connection was very strong. Check-in time is 3:00 pm and check-out time is 12:00 pm. The hotel is 100 smoke free. If you smoke in the rooms you will be charged 250/night extra. They have free parking and will give you a parking pass for your vehicle when you check-in. Part of the charge when you check-in is a 5/day resort fee. This is a mandatory fee that almost all hotels have. The taxes on the room are 17. The hotel is not pet friendly so don't bring your pet. The property is divided into two buildings the front building is the main building. This is where the laundromat is located on the second floor. The laundromat is open from 9 am-9 pm every day. It costs 2.00 to wash and 2.00 to dry your clothes. The gym is located in the main building next to the laundromat on the second floor. It is open from 8 am-10pm. The main building has an elevator to take you to the second floor. The second building does not have an elevator. The main building has a soda vending machine and ice machine by the elevator on the ground floor. The vending machines here take credit cards and cash as payment. The back building has a soda vending machine, snack vending machine and ice machine in the middle of the building on the ground floor. You can only use cash. Every few doors you will see garbage cans. The property is very neat and clean. There are a lot of plants so it looks lush. The pool is open from 8:00am-10:00pm. The pool is heated and it has a jacuzzi. The pool area is well maintained (cleaned everyday) with a lot of plants around it. It also has a small cabana with a table and chairs and a few umbrella tables with chairs. There is also a vending machine here. Entrances to the rooms are external meaning your door is outside. It's not inside the building. Our room was 204. It is located in the middle of the back building in front of the stairs. It is not a bad room however you can hear the people outside when they are going up the stairs. If you are sensitive to noise, this would not be a good room for you. However, if you're not this room is pretty good since it's located right next to the exit. You can see the Disneyland fireworks from this hotel and the sound they make is loud. So if you have little ones be aware of this. The property is very well lit which can be a problem depending on how you sleep. There is a light right outside our room that is able to shine through the blinds. This took a little getting used. They also have a security officer walking the property at night for your safety. As soon as you walk into the room, you will see a big flat screen HD-TV in front of you atop a 3 drawer dresser. The satellite provider is DirecTV. The pictures crisping clear with very vibrant colors. In front of the TV is the first of the double beds. The bed was nicely set with four very plush pillow's and one body pillow. The bed was firm and very comfortable for me. However depending on how you like your beds depends on how you would like this bed. I slept very comfortably. On the nightstand in between the 2 beds is a small alarm clock and a lamp. In front of the second bed and next to the TV, is a small table/desk. On top of this table is a small data box where you can plug in any of your mobile devices or laptop. It has USB ports and power outlets to charge your devices. On either side of the table, there are plush seats to sit in. They are pretty comfortable. There is also a floor lamp to light up this area. Next to the table and chairs is a small closet that protrudes from the wall. Located inside of this small closet is the ironing board, iron, suitcase stand, and hangers for your clothes. Next to the closet is the countertop where the huge mirror, sink, box of tissue, hand soaps, microwave, single serve coffee maker with packets of tea, coffee, and hot chocolate are located. The mini fridge is located underneath this counter along with an extra towel and the hair dryer. This is now the back wall of the room. The A/C unit is located along this back wall. It is pretty high up on the wall but it has a remote that you can use without having to touch the A/C unit. This is a great feature. The water from the sink takes a good minute to start warming up. There is no safe in the room. Finally the bathroom. The bathroom is small just like in all of the other hotels and it was in good condition. When you flush the toilet, it flushes quick with some strong force. The shower on the other hand has low pressure. To operate it, the handle has 2 knobs. The first knob is round and you rotate it to turn the water on. The second knob has a tab on it and this controls the temperature of the water. Just rotate it to the left or right depending on your comfort level of the water temperature. To get the water to come out of the shower head, pull the little knob that is on the water spout out. They give you towels for 4 people.Thank you for your stay with us at the Best Western Plus Pavilions. We are pleased to know you enjoyed your stay with us. We hope to see you on future trips to the Anaheim area.
If you're vacationing at Disney Land this is one of (out of maybe 25) the best properties you can stay in. if your staying in Anaheim for any other reason, I strongly urge you to find a location further away from Disney Land. The room...MoreWe would like to thank you for your patronage, we hope that when your travels bring you to the resort area in the future we can accommodate you and your family.
This is a clean and well-located motel. There is ample parking and the breakfast is your choice so 3 items plus a drink from Denny's. Very impressive. We walked across the street and cut through the employee parking to get to Universal Studios which cut 5 minutes off the walk. Great place to stay. They offer park tickets and a shuttle if you don't want to walk.
We pick this place to stay in Anaheim, price is what we can afford and it is clean and comfortable. It is a half mile walk to our destination and an easy walk. We don't have to worry about the high parking rate at the Convention Center.Thank you for your recent stay. Thank you for taking the time to provide us with feedback. We look forward to your next visit to Anaheim.
The hotel was clean and the cleaning staff did an excellent job with cleaning our room every day. Great location within easy walking distance to Disneyland. We took the ART shuttle one day and it took much longer than just walking to the parks. Liked...More
Perfect location if going to visit Disneyland. No frills but safe, clean and family appropriate. Breakfast is grab and go but there is a Denny's Restaurant on location. Nice clean pool and separate hot tub. Friendly staff always willing to help and advise. No extra charge for parking. Did not use shuttle, as we simply walked across the street to enter Disneyland via Downtown Disney. Would recommend this hotel to all my friends and family.Thank you for your stay with us at the Best Western Pavilions. We are pleased you enjoyed our hotel and location. We hope to see you again on your next trip to the Anaheim area. Thank you again.
The Best Western PLUS Pavilions located in Anaheim, California, is an outstanding value. The rooms were clean as well as comfortable. The staff was friendly as well as welcoming. Disneyland is just a few blocks away, so you can walk there in a short amount of time.Thank your for being our guest, we do appreciate your business and review.
We had a decent stay here. I booked this hotel for the price and proximity to Disneyland. We were able to either drive, walk or take a shuttle to Disneyland with ease and the price was only about 100-110 a night. For the price, it was a good value. But an older hotel. While the rooms have been refurbished and are clean with nice linens, the A/C was an old swamp cooler in the wall and was very loud. And the only way to keep the room cool in 100 degree heat all weekend, was to run it 24 hours a day. Not great for sleeping. Also, there were small bugs that kept showing up in the bathroom, probably one or two a day. Not sure what they were, just kinda gross. The staff was friendly and efficient. The pool/spa area was very nice. The stay overall was good.Thank you for staying with us at the Best Western Plus Pavilions. We are pleased you enjoyed your stay and look forward to seeing you on future trips to the Anaheim area. Thank you again.
We stayed here to go to California Adventure before our cruise. Pleasant surprise! It's an older place that's being kept up nicely. Room very clean, bed very comfy. Denny's is next door and the shuttle stop is right there too. The only thing that was...More
This hotel is not one I had ever considered when going to Disneyland because it is further out than others. But on this trip I was looking for low cost so I decided to try it out. I'm glad I did! I was pleasantly surprised with how fast and easy it was to get to the park using the shuttle. It was never crowded and often we were t he only people riding. As far as the rooms go they were on par with other places I have stayed in the area. The breakfast vouchers for Denny's worked out great for my party of two. We were in and out in 30 minutes each day and the shuttle stop was right out front. I'm not sure how I would feel about the breakfast if I had been with a larger family with kids, but I did notice you can get pancakes for 2 so maybe it wouldn't be so bad.
Took a trip to Disneyland with 13 family members over the summer. Needed a place that was clean and comfortable but still affordable and this place was perfect. Aside from having clean rooms with comfortable beds and nice bathrooms, the staff is very accommodating (they...MoreThank you for your recent stay. Thank you for taking the time to provide us with feedback. We are glad you enjoyed your stay. We look forward to your next visit to Anaheim.
First off, even with my credit card number, they would not hold the room past 8 PM! Old funky room, fairly clean except for overlayed cigarette stink, cig ashes on the coffee tray, cobwebs in the bathroom, smoke detector removed very little sound proofing between rooms, but that was OK because we had the A/C roaring all night to deal... More
The staff was excellent plenty of parking for a 5th wheel tralor good food close right off the 99 freeway rooms were up to date and clean
When we arrived we were greeted very warmly and treated like family! We had the only unit that didn't have a kitchen but a great comfortable bed, fireplace and place to sit and sip wine while relaxing after dinner. This inn is extremely cozy and affordable for the Santa Barbara area. It is centrally located and within walking distance to... More
Dog human friendly staff. Cute rooms, each includes a quaint kitchenette w. pots/pans, kinves/forks ect included. Also a small (gas/electrict, idk) fireplace. The grounds are small yet very cozy. Common area is a comfortable spot to relax for ppl dogs alike. Beach is a short 2 block walk. State street shopping restaurants are a short 5 minute... More
Adorable little place, 2 blocks from the beach and from the center of town. Nothing fancy, but clean, friendly and they allow dogs! Nice kitchenette's that would make it a great place for an extended stay.
My friend and I got a good rate on this hotel it was clean, quiet and well maintained. The bed could have been a bit softer and the breakfast a little more substantial, but for the price I have no complaints. The location is good and the staff was friendly. Would definitely stay there again.
This is an older hotel but my room was comfortable and clean however the furnishings are old. The best rooms face outside as the pool are can get very noisy ! The breakfast area is very small with a bad selection of items, however there is a diner next door if you want a cooked breakfast !
This motel is fantastic. Staff is very courteous and helpful. Grounds and impeccable. Rooms are so clean and comfortable. The only thing I suggest to the hotel is build a workout/exercise room. They do not have a workout facility or room. The Cozy Diner (Same parking lot) has wonderful food and follows the hotel with regards to cleanliness. An upscale... More
Wow! I was thinking this place was going to be just the ordinary Best Western that is sometimes run down. I was totally impressed. Very clean rooms and friendly people. I could not find one thing to complain about. I even brought my own pillow but ended up using their pillow because they were so much better.
My husband and I stayed here while traveling. It was close to the freeway so was very convenient. There was nothing overly fancy about the room. We had a room with 2 queen beds and found it a bit crowded, but for one night it was fine. The room was clean although the shower showed a little wear and tear.... More
Stayed here recently to celebrate my anniversary. The location is good, all the restaurants and bars are within walking distance. The hotel itself was nice but me and my boyfriend felt a little out of place. We are 25 and were definitely some of the youngest people there. I chose this hotel because there was a balcony option and the view was nice. Valet could use some work, seems like they are understaffed in that department and its also pretty expensive (42 a day). All in all I enjoyed my stay but will consider other places next time Im in SD. Maybe something more age appropriate and lively.
I stayed here for 2 nights before a conference in San Diego while I explored the city on my own. Location is perfection, right in the heart of the Gaslamp district. I got a phenomenal deal on hotels.com, otherwise this would have likely been out of my price range. It was extremely clean, a decent sized room and great location, for a great sale price, what more can you ask for
I stayed at this hotel while in town for a conference. The main conference hotel was fully booked so I used Trip Advisor to look for an alternative, and found the Horton Grand. I wanted something interesting and authentic rather than international-hotel-chain-plastic, and the Horton Grand really delivered. Yes, it's shabby in places and some of the wooden furniture and fitments are chipped and knocked about, but that really didn't matter. Staying here was lovely. With the benefit of reviews from previous guests on TA I asked for and was given a room at the back of the hotel. People coming out of the nightclub opposite still got a bit noisy on a couple of nights (I was there over the Memorial Day weekend) but I'm a light sleeper and it didn't disturb me over-much. There was worse noise from the room upstairs: the floors (although carpeted) are wooden, and there must have been a family of elephants staying up there! It still wasn't enough to put me off though. If you want a quiet hotel, don't stay in the middle of the entertainment quarter!Service was good, my room was clean, and breakfasts were fine.If you want an experience that's a little different from the McDonald's type of hotel, this one is for you :-)
Great staff.. the front desk, bell service, bar tenders and housekeeping all had a little play in our stay. All performed 100. Great room over the courtyard.. a little noisy on Friday night, but that is to be expected. Clean room, extra towels, great directions from the front desk, they were short some people so the front desk guys brought and took our luggage. Talk about location... walk to Petco Park, bars an restaurants are within 50 feet. Mall is appx 5 blocks. Park the car and walk around. Weather was horrible.. 87 degrees and humid (that's horrible for San Diego), felt like 100 degrees, but the room was cool. Will I stay here again EVERY TIME. Room 319 on 08/15 for 2 nights.
I booked a room here as part of a road trip for 1 day. It was an extremely cute little place. Nice people, clean rooms, and comfy. Coronado is a quiet and beautiful town and this little bungalow was exactly as I expected.
stayed here with the kids, was pricey but worth it, they loved it. The headboards on the beds even lit up like fireworks. Only issue was construction noise outside at Downtown Disney prevented afternoon naps.
Disney has recently remodeled the Disneyland Hotel and it is great! The rooms are large, clean and have many great details classic for Disney. The hotel is steps away from Downtown Disney and the Monorail.
We had a good time during our stay. You can have an hour exclusive-to-hotel-guests entrance prior to park opening hours to the Disneyland and California adventure if you stay here. The parks are walking distance from the hotel so time-saving too.
So this place is filthy and gross......not to mention the needle that was found in my room....when management was informed they said they would remove it.....I asked for my money back and was denied anything...I told them I have pictures and video of this needle that I will post online...they said go ahead and call the police while I was... More
Stay at the Lodi Best Western in California was very good. The lady at check in, Maria was outstanding and very helpful - Breakfast was also good - The room was good, and the bed also , Internet was good and fast
We stayed in a standard king room which was more than adequate for our needs. Very spacious, great bed and bathroom. The location was great, very central to many attractions. The staff went above and beyond to ensure we had a pleasant stay. I would definitely recommend to stay at the Orchard Garden.Thanks for the praise! Were always happy to go above and beyond, Suzanne. Give us a call if you're ever visiting San Francisco again, we'd be more than happy to help you with accommodations. Best,Pablo B. General Manager
My wife and I spent lots of time searching for hotels in San Francisco - we were travelling to the city for our 10th wedding anniversay, so we wanted something special. We were really worried by some of the reviews of other hotels (too noisy, poor location, bad smells, poor service, etc.). By chance, we happened upon a review of the Orchard Garden Hotel. It looked good via the website and our initial contact with staff on the booking line was positive. So we took a chance. It helped that the hotel promoted its eco-credentials.When we got there, we were really pleased with our choice. Just steps away from the China Town gate, a few minutes from Union Square and about 10 minutes walk from the nearest BART station - so plenty of bustle if we wanted. However, the road the hotel is on is a relatively quiet one and this is helped by really good double-glazing (as you might expect from an eco-hotel). To be fair, we were staying on the 9th floor. But the room ventilation was quiet and there were no other noises to disturb our sleep - beds are really comfortable, too.The rooms are very nice with a good, clean and light decor. Nicely appointed, too. We ate in the restaurant the first night - the food is very good but, as you might expect from a hotel in SF, quite expensive. We knew it would be and it didn't detract from the experience. We ate breakfast at one of the many cafes in the area - once again, this hotel is in a good location.The staff are friendly and genuinely welcoming with good local knowledge. There is even a little room with a couple of PCs and a printer for Internet access.In conclusion, we are really happy with our choice of hotel and will defintely make this our hotel of choice for our next trip to SF. I thoroughly recommend the Orchard Garden.
This is by far the best hotel in the USA we ever stayed in. Who cares the view on some backyard from the window. Not one sound from the busy Bush Street can be heard. The rooms on front should be sound proof according the hotel staff. The breakfast is basic and rather expensive. Cold hard boiled eggs, bread, coffee or tea and juices from the bottle and of course some cereals. For additionals high priced extras can be ordered. We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights. The dinner food is great, but the choice very limited, so we had to go to the French restaurant Restaurant de la Presse on the opposite of the entrance in Bush Street. One remark about the sound proof quality of our room. At one moment it looked like our neighbours were really inside our room. They had a normal conversation and we could understand every word of it!!! So we were just lucky with quiet neighbours who did not shout or laughed loud or put on the TV set maximum! You better go for a room without connecting doors.The hotel is extremely green and was awarded for this, too. Free WiFi, which works fast all the time.A special compliment to the porters, who proved to be very helpful with good tips.
This hotel is really great, the location is near to everything: Union Sqare shopping, Cablecar, Financial district and Downtown, etc...Hotel itself is clean and nice and not noisy at all (in comparison to other hotels). We enjoyed our week long stay and would definitely return here the next time around!BTW: go and check the terrace with a great view that let's you relax for a bit during the content-packed days.
Great location in the city next to the Dragon Gate of Chinatown. Nicely sized rooms with comfy beds and lots of pillows. The staff were all friendly and helpful, with an extra shout out to Anthony and Andrew!I'll be sure to pass along your compliments to Anthony and Andrew -- I'm sure they'll really appreciate that! Thank you so much for taking the time to pass along the kind word as well -- I'm thrilled you enjoyed your stay so much. Hope to see you on your next trip to San Francisco!Best,Collins C., Front Office Manager
If you want a luxurious sleep - outstanding service and a reasonable - well for San Francisco - downright bargain - price -- The Orchard Garden Inn is hard to beat -- beautiful all green hotel -- outstanding 5 star hotel like service -- right at the gate of Chinatown - easy walking distance to virtually everywhere on the bay bridge side of the city. The rooms are cozy - modern - clean - the beds are amazing - so comfortable you don't want to get up. Would highly recommend this gem.
Location is great, right on the edge of Chinatown with Union Square and Columbus Avenue both within easy walking distance. We didn't try the food always went out - plenty of restaurants (breakfast cafes) within easy walking distance. Rooms are small but well equipped - the bathroom was as big as the bedroom.
The service was wonderful. Always cheerful and very helpful. This is quite important to me. The hotel is nice, but the tv had a very bad picture. It was an off brand. I'm not usually in the room much, so not hat big of a deal to me. If coffee is important in your room, you may want to bring your own or head out, as it's quite awful. Starbucks is almost across the street :) I also had a very difficult time with wifi reception in my room. I did accidentally lock my belongings in the safe without my code entered and they responded almost immediately to assist. Take note, the safe functions completely differently than any others I've ever used. Our friends did the same thing in their room. Valet is quite expensive, 40 per nt., but I'm sure parking is at a premium. We didn't need our car at all during our stay, as so much is within walking distance and there is a good bit of public transportation. Located right outside of the entrance to China Town.The bed was quite comfortable and we would choose this hotel again.
We stayed at this hotel over St. Patrick's day. The experience was fantastic! The staff were polite and helpful. The rooms were exceptionally clean and comfortable. I also liked some of the environmentally friendly features that are built in. The rooftop patio was quite enjoyable. I will definitely stay there again.I'm happy you all decided to stay with us over St. Patrick's Day, and it's great to hear that you thought our staff and rooms were impressive. It means a lot that you'll stay with us again. We can't wait!Warm regards,Pablo B. General Manager
The room is clean and nice. Service is good too. The hotel is right next to the Chinatown, convenient to get Chinese food, and of course many other foods in downtown. There are convenient stores such as 7-11 nearby.Earning your stamp of approval means more than you know, Liwei! Anytime you're visiting San Francisco, I hope we'll be lucky enough to be your hotel of choice. All the best, Collins C., Front Office Manager
I really enjoyed this little hotel. The staff was great, the place was clean, the location was convenient and best of all, it was quiet. I would recommend this hotel and if planning to visit SF again, would definitely book with them.
Check in at this beautiful hotel was effortless, professional and helpful. I asked for two restaurant recommendations and both were winners! We stayed four nights in room 804 which at first glance appeared smaller than expected, but, as it turned out, was just the right size for our two overhead sized suitcases to place on the luggage racks. The room includes a desk with chair, a refrigerator, a small three drawer chest, two night tables, a nice sized closet with lots of hangers, room safe, and a most comfortable bed. Water pressure in the shower was not so good. Wake-up call service did not happen on one of the two mornings that we had requested. Our room was immaculate, linens were great, lighting, both natural and artificial was really good and the location was absolutely perfect!! Within walking distance to many attractions and less than a two minute walk to China Town! Breakfast was included with our room. The restaurant is beautiful and relaxing and the server, Worem, is exceptionally welcoming, warm, and most attentive. Breakfast was a hit and miss, one day perfect and the remaining days, sadly, off. Highly recommend visiting Alcatraz, Golden Gate Fortune Cookie Factory at 56 Ross Alley in China Town and of course, walking around China Town.It's fantastic to hear you had an effortless stay! We're always so happy to give any recommendations, and we're glad they ended up working out for you. Please keep us in mind the next time you're in San Francisco. It would be great to see you back. Sincerely,Pablo B. General Manager
Very nice hotel, quiet, good service and clean rooms. Yes it is expensive but location is fantastic, service is very good so don t complain , you know price in advance and you are in Center of San Francisco.We are so pleased to read you had such an enjoyable visit. True parts of the year are pricier than others, but we do our best to ensure the same good service all year round. Our housekeeping team works thoroughly to make certain rooms are clean and tidy while the front office shares their knowledge of the city and gets folks pointed in the right direction. All of us here hope to see you again in the near future.Kind regardsQuinn McEnteeFront Office Manager
My husband, and I just visited San Francisco last weekend. We stayed two nights at The Orchard Garden Hotel, and we were very pleased with our stay. The hotel was clean, roomy, comphy beds, and the staff was very friendly, and very helpful directing us to different locations. I would definitely stay here again!!!Hearing that you'd definitely stay with us again has put a smile on my face. I'm thrilled that everything form the service to the room were well enjoyed by you and your husband! I certainly hope that we'll be seeing you back again soon.Safe travels,Collins C., Front Office Manager
I thought this was an above average hotel in a fantastic location.Room: Modern, clean, very comfortable and quiet rooms. They are slightly small but this is typical for hotels I have stayed in in SF. The discreet in-room recycling bins were a nice touch.Hotel Facilities: Not much. There is a very small fitness room and 'business centre'. We didn't use the restaurant - there are excellent dinning options very near by. The staff were helpful. Location: Great location near Union Square and Chinatown. SF is a very easy city to explore - tip: buy a MUNI pass and use it hop on and off the regular busses and the cable cars, too!
Right on the doorstep of Chinatown, good walk to the wharf area. Very easy to stop outside and drop bags off. We got rid of our car otherwise parking is 55 per night so beware if you are driving here. All staff were brilliant, room was clean and ready to go. Fitness room just about served its purpose, but only 3 machines, could be a problem at rush hour. We're happy you had such a nice stay with us, Ikorel! It sounds like you enjoyed everything from our rooms to our staff. Stop back in again soon. We'd love to have you.Best,Pablo B. General Manager
Only small glitch was the breakfast in hotel. Ordered egg which was warm not hotel. Going back there soon so will eat at cafe next door! Hotel quiet and clean. Staff extremely pleasant and helpful. wifi in room great
First time staying at this hotel, last minute booking. Usually stay at the Parc 55 Hotel or the Westin, this boutique hotel is hands down a much better experience from the friendly staff and easy check in to the comfy bed and nice clean and spacious room. Great location next to the gateway into China Town yet still fairly quiet even on the 3rd floor.Dear Irma,Thank you for your compliments. I am grateful that you chose the Orchard Garden hotel. It is nice to know that you enjoyed our accommodations and our entire team. We love our location as it is only a few blocks away from a lot of the attractions in the city.When you are visiting San Francisco in the future we hope to see you at the Orchard Garden hotel.Sincerely,Bruce PinckneyFront Office ManagerOrchard Garden Hotel
It's not the swankiest hotel in San Francisco but it's in a good location and reasonably priced in the area (compared to other 400+/night). It's right down the street from Chinatown gate so you can easily grab some dim sum for brunch, close to cable car line that takes you to Fisherman Wharf, and close to Union Square shopping. Service was great- I arrived much earlier than normal check-in 11am fortunately they had a room available to check in to which was much appreciated. Room was very clean and comfortable. We also received 10 free minibar which was a nice bonus. Overall a nice stay for our one night in San Francisco.
My husband and I go to San Francisco frequently to visit our son. This was the first time that we stayed at the Orchard Garden. The room was nice, the friendliness and service was even better. We always enjoy a walk through China Town which made to location of the hotel very convenient for us.I'm so pleased that you and your husband finally got a chance to stay with us, Terry! I couldn't agree more that a walk through China Town is a must while visiting San Francisco, so I'm glad that you enjoyed our proximity to the gate. I hope we'll have the pleasure of seeing you the next time you're in town!All the best,Collins C., Front Office Manager
What a great boutique hotel, just outside the entrance to ChinaTown. Just can't beat the location, which is walking distance to everything. Really nice rooms and service. No realy separate bar area, and I didn't eat there. But, you can walk everywhere from here, so no matter. Recommend the rooms and location.Thank you for the great review. I am so pleased to read that you stay was a good one. I could not agree more about the location. Many points of interest are an easy walk from the hotel. The others are a simple bus or cable car ride away. We truly appreciate you sharing your experience and recommending our hotel. CheersQuinn McEnteeFront Office Manager
Steps away from the Dragon Gate entrance into Chinatown, this modern, environmentally friendly hotel was a great place to stay. The staff at the front desk, the bellman, and the waitstaff were helpful, friendly, and courteous. The rooms were very quiet on the ninth floor. Bedding was comfortable and shower facilities acceptable. Requests were prompt. Breakfast downstairs seemed pricey until you realized it came with juice, fruit, and coffee. Not one complaint on the quality or service. The location is close to Union Square, Chinatown, and the Financial District. I would highly recommend this hotel.Dear guest Emmacakes,Your comment is well appreciated and will be shared with all team members so they read the great feedback from our guests. Breakfast is an experience in itself and well worth the value considering all the extra additions we provide.Looking forward to welcoming you back soon, Pablo B. General Manager
Stayed here for business so unsure what the normal rate is but this was pretty cheap compared to others so it was a good value. Room was clean and bed was comfortable. Bathroom is average with average shower. I liked the slippers and robe. Lobby is small and service was fine. My main complaint is the fitness center is very small with only three cardio machines and know weights. They offer passes at another gym for 15. Good location near china town and financial district. Overall pretty decent hotel. I'm glad that you enjoyed your stay with us, Aditya! Our staff is here to make your stay better, so don't hesitate to ask them if you have any questions or concerns. As for the fitness center, I apologize that it wasn't quite big enough for you. As you mentioned, we have discounted passes to a local gym. However, space is tight, so we're limited in our ability to expand it. If there's anything else we can do to make your next experience a five-star one, please don't hesitate to reach out. All the best,Collins C., Front Office Manager
Very friendly and knowledgeable staff. Place has a very nice vibe with many different kinds of guests. We have stayed here for years. Easy walk down to ferry building and bay. We now have young relatives living nearby.Thank you for your years of support, Lewin -- we're delighted you've counted on us for so many stays! Moreso, it's fantastic that you have family to visit now when you come to town. We can't wait to welcome you back next time.Wishing you all the best,The Orchard Garden Hotel
What a great surprise. Had to book a hotel at the last (LAST) minute and selected Orchard. The hotel is fantastic. Very clean and modern with well appointed rooms. The bed was incredibly comfortable and the rooms and bathroom had plenty of space and I never felt crowded.Most of all, the doorman and staff were the friendliest I ever encountered. I stayed three nights and the staff was fantastic every night.Next time I am out in SF, I will be seeking out this hotel. It is definitely on my go-to list.We're glad you could find a cozy room here in a pinch, Anthony! Furthermore, it's fantastic that our service staff and doorman made you feel right at home. We'd love to welcome you back the next time you visit San Francisco.Wishing you all the best,The Orchard Garden Hotel
Clean, comfortable beds, nice enough bathroom. Will stay here again next time. Good restaurants nearby. A bar accross the street. Chipottle one block away. EO restaurant two blocks away. Chinatown around the corner. 2 Starbucks one block away. Rent-a-car 7 blocks away. Walking distance to cool places like the Apple store, Market street, etc. This was my first time in San Francisco.I'm thrilled to know you had such a great time during your first visit to San Francisco, Odi! I'm honored to know we were your hotel of choice, and I'd love nothing more than the chance to host you again. Here's hoping we'll be seeing you back again sooner than later!Safe travels,Collins C., Front Office Manager
The staff at the Orchard Garden Hotel is very interested in getting to know their guests. Finding out where they have traveled and why they are visiting San Francisco. The staff does make a lot of suggestions for sites and things to do, all very welcomed. I did wish the hotel provided free bottle water in the room. Breakfast was reasonably priced for being in a big city, the staff is very attentive.I'm thrilled that you found our staff so helpful and welcoming, Batrik -- that's exactly as it should be! As for the bottled water, we believe that providing these would go against our green initiative goals. That being said, I'm so pleased that the rest of your stay was enjoyable! Safe travels home, and we look forward to welcoming you back to San Francisco.Best,Collins C., Front Office Manager
Excellent location. Walking distance Embarcadero, Union square, trollies. Beside entrance to China town. Quaint rooftop patio. Check in and check out went smooth. Parking expensive, 55, but norm for central San Francisco. Smart TV's, can log in for Netflix etc. Esteban, having access to all your favorite shows is a must for those days you want to lay in bed a little longer, but it sounds like you did a lot of exploring during your trip. Thanks for the great review. We'd love to see you back for a stay soon. Until next time,Pablo B. General Manager
I wish I had the opportunity to rate my experience at this hotel, but I never got the chance to even book my reservation.I had done a lot of resarch on hotels for my upcoming visit to San Francisco in two months, and was very pleased to find the Orchard Garden Hotel. When I did more research, I discovered in the specials section of their website that they offer a discounted rate of 149 for a superior king room when you book three consecutive nights (San Francisco Triple Play special valid through 8/31). When I clicked on this special and attempted to book my stay, however, it only offered me the room at the regular rate of 213 a night, 64 more a night!Assuming this was just an error with the website, I called the reservations desk. They couldn't explain why I couldn't book at that rate either so they transferred me directly to the hotel. The hotel staff politely explained that this rate has blackouts, and that I must have been trying to book during the blackout. The special didn't mention blackouts, and I pointed this out. The special is worded plainly and said that if space was available, the offer was valid through 8/31. No fine print, etc.- I was very careful to pay attention.Long story short, they admitted that this is used to entice customers during times of low vacancy and that the rate is only available arbitrarily, i.e., there may only be one room available at this rate on a particular date. I'm upset because it is extremely deceptive to say that a promotion is available until a certain date if space is available (which it was), and then not honor it. I asked if they would honor their special, but they said that they weren't willing to and that the higher, regular rate is the best they could do. Bottom line is that they advertise specials to interest you, then try to charge way more. As a result, I'll go elsewhere...don't waste your time trying to use one of their specials or discounts. I'm very disappointed.
Clean,tidy friendly staff,cleaners are all Asian and can barely speak English but still friendly. Street noise is normal for a big city, cable cars stop at 12 pm. Close to a very nice Italian restaurant and 10 min walk to union square.Clean coin laundry two minute walk up the street. Mini bar had enough food and drink to feed a small family.Highly recommend.
Nice hotel. Chinatown 10metres away. rooms clean and tidy. comfortable. Reception really obliging and polite an friendly. Only concern was a sign that was in an obscure place stating it was a health hazard staying at this hotel and that it could cause cancer. upon asking receptionist what this was about - she didnt know!! We found this on checking out - so a little advice to the Orchard Garden Hotel - if there is not health hazard - remove that bloody sign - if there is - then we should know about it BEFORE we book so we can make an informed decision.Thank you so much for sharing your experience with the Orchard Garden Hotel. Although I am delighted to read the property was to your liking, I am so very sorry regarding the confusion behind the warning sign. I will make sure everyone at the front desk knows where the pamphlets are explaining the details.In 1986 California voters approved an initiative (proposition 65) to address their growing concerns about exposure to toxic chemicals. The Office of Environmental Hazard Assessment requires all businesses to notify patrons of such toxins. They have put together a list that contains a wide range of naturally occurring and synthetic chemicals that can harm people. Some of the chemicals listed are additives or ingredients in pesticides, common household products, food, drugs, dyes or solvents. Listed chemicals may be used in manufacturing and construction, or they may be byproducts of chemical processes, such as motor vehicle exhaust.As a LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) certified hotel we really dont use many chemicals at all, but we still have the sign to be compliant. We pride ourselves as a smoke free hotel. Our housekeepers use green seal certified cleaning products, which are just as effective as harsh traditional cleaners. Rooms and halls are fitted with 2 recycled carpeting that sets off a low V.O.C (volatile organic compound) and 100 recycled padding under the carpet. All fabrics are made with recycled polyester and other textiles without chemicals and are machine-washed to avoid the chemicals that come with dry cleaning. Although the food provided in the restaurant is organic from local farms, needless to say the liquor served at the bar can be harmful to someone pregnant. I hope you find comfort in this brief explanation. If you like I would be more than happy to send you more information regarding OEHHA and Proposition 65. All of us here would be elated to have you stay with us again hopefully you can choose us without hesitation.Kind regards,Quinn McEnteeFront Office Manager
This was my first trip to San Francisco, and this hotel was one of the cheaper ones I could find. What a surprise it was, probably the most high end hotel I've been to. Nim and Phil were amazing people to talk to and were very helpful in telling me how to get around the town. The room was amazing and the bed was better than the one I have at home. It's about 80ft from the entrance to China town and very close to union square. I couldn't imagine picking a better place to stay in San Francisco.Thank you very much for your comments. We are glad that you found us to exceed all of your expectations. Nim and Phil are great team members and you were in great hands with them during your stay. I am sure you will agree, but many of our guests comment about our beds and their comfort. Please make sure to visit us on your next trip to San Francisco.Best,Bruce PFront Office Manager
I was looking for a nice, clean hotel in a safe area that is affordable and I found it at the Orchard Garden! I'm so pleased. My room was a nice size, the service was excellent and the breakfast is a huge perk! I will be staying here every time I come to SF to visit my daughter. The location is perfect, you can walk everywhere. I highly recommend.It's wonderful that you enjoyed your room and our location. I'm glad you got to explore the area a bit. It means a lot that you'll be staying with us whenever you come to visit your daughter -- can't wait!All the best,Pablo B. General Manager
I routinely stay here when on business in SF. The rooms are clean, the staff are friendly, and it is relatively quiet, especially if you get a room away from the street. The mattresses are excellent for a good night's sleep.Thank you kindly for sharing your experiences with the Orchard Garden Hotel. We are thrilled to hear we are your preferred hotel in San Francisco. I know the comfort that comes from having a home away from home and I am pleased to read you have found that here. All of us look forward to upcoming visits.RegardsQuinn McEnteeFront Office Manager
Great staff, great location and great hotel. Right on the edge of Chinatown and the Financial District - it's convenient to everywhere. The room was clean and comfortable and the staff was super responsive, helpful and cheerful. Andrew on the overnight shift was awesome!I'm delighted that you were able to visit so much of the surrounding area during your stay! I'll be sure to let Andrew know how much you appreciated his work as well. Looking forward to welcoming you back soon! Best, Collins C., Front Office Manager
this hotel has a modest, modern decor but pleasantly well kept. the service is what escalated it to highest possible ranking. I have stayed in many hotels, but have never before experienced more perfect service. from the front desk, to the personal service staff, to the restaurant, everyone was so professional, kind, and pleasant. Being my synical self, i can usually find something to complain about, but this time...not possible. i wish i had ten thumbs so i could put them all up. just be careful about parking there..VERY expensive!!
My girlfriend and I stayed this weekend and had a wonderful experience. The hotel staff was helpful and very friendly, the hotel was very clean and new. We had a room with a king bed it was nicely appointed and quiet. It seemed very new. Great location and value. We have nothing negative to say about Orchard Gardens. I've recommended it to several others in the last day.
Great place right next to China Town and Union Square. Lots of eco-features, quiet room with view of the financial district on 10th floor. The room was very clean - both spouse and I are suffering from dustmite allergy and had no problems here.Thank you so much for taking time to write about your experience while staying with us. As an eco-friendly hotel we only use green seal certified cleaning products for dusting and cleaning. We are very happy to able to accommodate people with sensitive allergies. We hope that you decide to stay with us again.Kind regards,Quinn McEntee
Stayed for 4 nights on a first trip to San Francisco. A pleasant hotel and an enjoyable stay.A clean, good sized twin room. Bathroom had no lock on its ill fitting sliding door and shower was a bit puny compared to most American hotels. However the room was very acceptable. As a British tourist I would have loved a kettle in the room, but when in Rome etc.Service was generally excellent from the staff with one exception, which was that housekeeping twice let herself into the room during late afternoon (even though the room had long since been cleaned) then turned around with no explanation when she saw we were there. We used the do not disturb sign during the rest of the stay but what she was doing still remains a mystery.WiFi was excellent.We never did locate the stairs which was a shame given we had to use the lift to travel just one floor.Breakfast was good, but pricey for what it was.The hotel is very well situated, pretty much in the middle of the city.Richard, it's an honor to have been part of your American experience. Excellent service is our priority, and I will talk to the staff about any miscommunication there might have been with our housekeeping team during your visit. I hope to see you back in the states soon! Warm wishes,Pablo B. General Manager
We spent 4 nights in the Orchard Garden in June and can highly recommend it. When we arrived our booking (made in April via Orbitz) was not on the system, however, this did not impact our checkin and once I produced the booking confirmation from Orbitz we were checked in within minutes. We found the staff to be friendly, helpful and efficient.The rooms are very comfortable and we thought them to be a good size. As mentioned previously the beds are very comfortable and the room is kept spotlessly clean.Breakfast is included and the homemade scones are not to be missed. Free internet access is also available which is another bonus.The hotel is in an excellent location and I would definitely stay there again.
For the price, location, comfort, and friendly staff, you can't beat the Orchard Garden Hotel. The location is in a safe and central location -- we walked to Union Square, SFMOMA, Chinatown, and the wharf. The room was a little small, but quiet and had everything we needed. The staff was always friendly and helpful. Would recommend and stay again!Deborah, you really go those steps in walking around the city! It's our pleasure to make sure our guests have everything they need and more. We can't wait to have you back for your next trip.Until next time,Pablo B. General Manager
Our family loved the Orchard Garden Hotel. Starting with Joe's warm welcome at the door, we knew we going to be looked after, and weren't disappointed the whole stay. Our room was spacious and absolutely immaculate. The hotel's location is great for a walk to Chinatown or Union Square. Basic breakfast options, but top-notch freshness and quality. All of the staff were friendly and professional, and they even ensured our bedding was arranged the way we liked it. We appreciated getting helpful tips on getting around SF via the Muni, as well as restaurant suggestions. This hotel is one of the best we've visited in CA, but extraordinarily good value for SF in the location.Wow, Bernard -- hearing that you felt so welcomed and well taken care of within minutes of walking through our doors is incredibly gratifying! I'm so thrilled to know you had a blast while staying with us and enjoying this lovely city we call home. Whenever you're traveling back to San Francisco, I hope we'll be lucky enough to host you again!Take care,Collins C., Front Office Manager
We spent two nights at Orchard Garden. Excellent location and helpful staff. Room was well appointed and very comfortable. Ricky at concierge is very friendly and extremely knowledgeable. Tai was also great. Be sure to ask for them. Looking forward to our return!!!Our number one priority is the satisfaction of our customers, so I'll be sure to pass along your compliments to Ricky and Tai -- I know they'll appreciate hearing them! As for the room, it's great that you felt your room was a comfortable place to come back to after a day out in the city. Looking forward to welcoming you back again soon!Safe traves home,Collins C., Front Office Manager
Wonderful hotel in a great location. Staff is excellent. Our room with a terrace was outstanding with a big bathroom, bath, and shower. Our room included breakfast with great choices and excellent quality. It is at the gates of Chinatown and we walked to North Beach which is always fun and interesting. Across the street are wonderful restaurants.It's wonderful to read that you not only appreciated your stay but also our green initiatives. However, saving water doesn't mean having to skimp on a luxurious bathroom. I'm glad your accommodations and tasty breakfast left you refreshed for a day in the beautiful city of San Francisco. Safe travels home, and we look forward to having you back again soon!Warmly,Collins C., Front Office Manager
Stayed here for a week with my husband and two teenage sons, I choose this hotel because of the reviews and location.Check in and out was very efficient carried out by friendly and helpful staff, Concierge Staff were equally as helpful and professional through out the week.Our room, and indeed the whole hotel, was very clean and tastefully decorated.There was enough space for all of us and we each found the beds to be very soft and comfortable. Only downside was, although it was great to have a small coffee machine, it wasn't big enough nor did we have enough tea or coffee, or even cups for four people. I did ask on several occasions for more, but I did get fed up asking. This also went for the towels, having asked, again on several occasions, we only received three bath towels! We were there 7 days and I had paid for four adults so I am a bit of a loss why this kept happening. It was a bit irritating and slightly lacking on such a good hotel. I hope this will be rectified for future patrons.There is a small gym and a business centre with two computers and a printer, very handy for checking in to your airline and printing out boarding passes.The terrace garden is small but it was lovely to have a picnic alfresco in the city.I can't comment on the food here as we ate out all the time as there are loads of places to choose from locally. Walgreens Supermarket just up the street and left on Powell. Union Square just a little further down.In my book a clean hotel and location is key for me and the location of this hotel was spot on, easy access to all forms of transport, BART from the airport, trams, buses, muni metro and streetcar. Right next to the Chinatown Gate and easy access to all the tourist spots.We all really enjoyed our stay at this hotel and in San Francisco in general, lots to see and do and the people are really friendly and welcoming where ever we went, and to cap it all off the Giants won the World Series and we were treated to a Homecoming Parade in their honour.....awesome.This hotel has good Eco friendly practices and will plant a tree for every review posted.Thank you for your great review, and as promised, we will definitely plant a tree for you for leaving a review on TripAdvisor! As you know we do this for all reviews, but are happier when it is done for a positive review. I'm so sorry to hear that your requests for tea, coffee and towels were never appropriately met. Although it sounds like you enjoyed your stay overall, I will make sure to work with the team so that going forward they can improve their performance. I'm happy that you were able to take full advantage of the public transportation and enjoyed all the sights this beautiful city has to offer! If you ever find yourself traveling back, we would certainly love to host you again!And we agree a clean hotel and location are vital to a great staySincerely,Bruce P.Front Office Manager
Stayed there for a week. Friendly staff, clean rooms and bathrooms they clean twice a day.I could say it is located in the heart of SF. Right next to Chinatown Gate, few blocks from Union Square, and Market Street, and Embarcadero.Nice and quiet at night, for good sleep.We sincerely appreciate you recommending us and for sharing your experience. I am thrilled to read you enjoyed your one week visit. It sounds like you took advantage of the location and ventured out to see San Francisco. I am also pleased to hear the staff and rooms were to your liking. Our housekeeping team works diligently to insure rooms are spic-n-span during and in between visits. We look forward to the next time you come to the West Coast.Kind regardsQuinn McEnteeFront Office Manager
Didn't stay here because my meeting was postponed a week but they charged me for 1 night's stay anyway--440--because I cancelled 20 hours ahead rather than 24 which is their policy. Did they rent the room anyway Would a reputable hotel do this Shouldn't the 1 night's stay cancellation fee have been waived They refused to be reasonable. Avoid this place.Dear 699 Traveler, After reading your comment on Trip Advisor I did want to take time to reply to your questions and concerns. Most reputable hotels have a cancellation policy that they adhere to in which case you are correct in stating that our cancellation policy is 24 hours prior to arrival. Orchard Garden Hotel is pleased to offer this cancellation policy as other hotels have a 72 hour cancellation policy. Please feel free to contact me at your convenience to discuss using your cancellation fee toward a future deposit during your next visit at our beautiful hotel. You may contact me directly at 415-399-9807. Thank you for your comment and I look forward to hearing from you soon,Bruce Pinckney Front Office ManagerOrchard Garden Hotel
Couldn't have asked for more from a city centre hotel - ten paces from China Town - opposite is a good Irish pub - hop on hop off bus stop across the road - French restaurant over the street.Realy GREAT staff - super value- valet parking at 42 per day - nice rooms Thank you for the great review we truly appreciate you taking the time to share your experience. I am happy to hear you enjoyed the property and location. I enjoy the Irish Bank as well, for a warm shepherds pie and a cool beverage after work. The hop on hop off bus is an excellent way to tour the city. It is nice to be able to get off in the neighborhoods you would like to explore more thoroughly. I am glad to read you were able to take advantage of this feature during your San Francisco expedition.Cheers,Quinn McEnteeFront Office Manager
I have only great things to say about Orchard Garden Hotel. The location is ideal and the room was spotless (it's not very often I feel comfortable taking a bath in a hotel but I did there every day). The staff was helpful and very friendly, made me feel very much at home. Wifi worked well. I would stay there again.We're delighted you were able to relax with some cozy bath time, Denise! Vacation is all about feeling calm and comfortable while you explore a new place. We'd love to have you back someday!Wishing you all the best,The Orchard Garden Hotel
- The Location is very good, great bed ( pillow good as well), good room and nice amenities. The staff on the reception desk and the bell mens are kindly and willing to help.-Shower is weak, can hear people talking on the other room. As it is a small hotel not a big chain doesn't have room service except for breakfast... For people who have small children it's nice to have a room with a microwave just to warm food for the baby whoever the staff was great and warmed the food for me in their backroom.It's wonderful to hear that you felt well taken care of by our staff, Miguel! I'm glad our amenities and the room was to your liking. Our entire hotel is built to meet certain eco-friendly goals, so that is the reason for the lower water pressure. If you have any questions at all or concerns about your room, please don't hesitate to let us know! Safe travels home, and we hope to see you on your next trip to San Francisco.Best,Collins C., Front Office Manager
I found the Orchard Garden an excellent boutique hotel in San Francisco. The only reason why it doesn't get a 5.0 rating is the ambience, which I found a little sterile.It is a LEED-certified hotel, which means it follows environmentally-friendly practices in its energy management and overall business practices. If this is important to you you should stay here. You will not be disappointed by the quality of the experience.The rooftop garden is very nice although I wish it had a bar. You can bring your own up there and we did and enjoyed it. I'm surprised more people weren't up there. The location is excellent, northeast of Union Square makes it even more walkable to North Beach and the waterfront as well as Chinatown (next door).The room was very clean, excellent and very comfortable bed. Didn't eat in the restaurant so I can't comment on it. Breakfast was included in the rate and was good if not spectacular. The modern decor and light colored woods I thought were just a little sterile looking. That's my only complaint. I'd certainly recommend it, however.
The Orchard Garden is terrific hotel in a fantastic location. Walking distance to the top of Nob Hill, while also an easy walk to the Ferry Building. Nice people, excellent service. Very comfortable beds and quiet, spacious room. Reasonable price under 200 over the weekend, too. I didn't visit the restaurant, nor use the fitness equipment. Spent time in the city instead. I would only recommend one thing: the rooftop terrace could benefit from some improvement. In my opinion, if you do a rooftop space, it should make guests feel comfortable and be an oasis within the city. See Hotel Vitale in SF or Hotel Giraffe in NY. Great rooftops. When we visited the Orchard Garden's rooftop at night, the lighting didn't work. It also didn't have much landscaping and wasn't very inviting overall. It didn't even really fit with the the atmosphere for the rest of the hotel. But, I really like this hotel overall and it will get my first call for my next visit. Everything else was great and price and location are hard to beat.
The hotel is located in an excellent location, central for walking everywhere. The front desk staff were pleasant, although not terribly knowledgable and we had to ask for information regarding the hotel rather than being offered information about internet access, gym, etc. The rooms are not the biggest, but they are clean and decently appointed. The bathrooms are spacious. The bed is very comfortable with fluffy duvet and plenty of pillows. We've stayed here once before and would definitely stay at this hotel again. It's not fancy but it's clean, comfortable, and a great deal for the price.
I was traveling solo and had a wonderful experience at the Orchard Garden. As others have stated, the property is new, very clean, and has a calm and serene atmosphere. The roof garden is wonderful on a clear day and the overall emphasis on the environment throughout the hotel is very inspiring. The location is perfect - you can walk to Union Square, the Ferry Market and other key locations - and the trolley/cable cars and the Muni are very close to the hotel so transportation options are plentiful. My hotel rate did not include the complementary breakfast and so I had an excellent breakfast each morning across the street at a nice French cafe - less money than I would have paid at the OGH.As far as I am concerned, there are not enough properties like this anymore in the heart of our great urban areas. The OGH is a gem! Try it when you go to SF! PS - I requested car service to SFO on my last morning. The driver was on time and the rate was exactly what I was quoted the day before.
Great location right next to China town entrance, only a few blocks away from BART (take Montgomery exit as others have stated) and Union Square. Staff were friendly and helpful when asking for directions, recommendations. Room was very nice and beds comfortable. Only issue I had were the showers kept fluctuating pressure wise, no fan to help dissipate the steam, and kinda noisy at times in the morning (room was near the back/alleyway of the hotel).Thank you so much for sharing your experience, we truly appreciate your feedback. I am very happy to read that visit was an enjoyable one. I sincerely apologize for the issues you encountered during your stay. The fluctuating water pressure, sounds like a constricted filter screen in the shower head that could be easily replaced. As for the noise pollution, its difficult to escape in the city. Even with the double panned windows some noise gets through. Sometimes a higher floor can help eliminate the sound of traffic. We would be absolutely delighted to have you stay with us again in the future we will do our best to find you a quieter room. Kind regardsQuinn McEnteeFront Office Manager
I stayed at the Orchard Garden last month, as business took me to San Francisco and there were literally no other hotel rooms available downtown between 75 and 450 per night some huge conference was going on and there was NO hotel availability. So I chose this hotel out of necessity (as I really had no choice), but was pleasantly surprised during my stay. The hotel is green, which I appreciate. Biodegradable bath product packaging (although the products themselves are still full of chemicals, boo), room key controlled lighting (very European), etc. The bathroom floor was heated (huge bonus in the morning) and the room was spacious enough. My view was of another close building, so that left a bit to be desired, and my room smelled of old lady perfume a little. I wasn't able to check out the rooftop garden but heard from a colleague that it's a great spot when the weather is nice. This hotel probably isn't my first choice for future trips to SF, as it was farther from my office than I'd like and I have other favorite hotels in the city, but it's definitely doable and I would stay here again if need be.Thank you for sharing your experience during your recent visit to San Francisco and our Hotel. Im thrilled you were pleasantly surprised during your stay and truly appreciate your feedback. Although it seems you enjoyed a majority of your stay, I am sincerely sorry about the lingering smell of the perfume. All of us here at the Orchard Garden Hotel would love if you decided to stay with us again. Thanks again Quinn McEntee Front Office Manager
The reviews of hotel are what led us to stay here. The staff was friendly and very helpful.As with everything in San Francisco it was expensive but the hotel lived up to its good reviews and was close enough to walk or ride cable car or F train to most destinations. We used shuttle from airport to hotel and never needed a car. The location is right in front of China town so very easy access and a coffee and bagel shop on every corner so quick breakfast is no problem. We stayed here on the tail end of a Maui vacation and wished we had just stayed in Maui. But this is no fault of hotel just personal preference on more relaxing vacation in Maui as compared to having to rush from point to point in San Francisco. Also Maui much more affordable that San Francisco, never would have thought that. Hotel great if this is the type vacation you desire. Great staffDear Mark,Thank you for choosing to stay with the Orchard Garden Hotel. I am pleased to find that you found our team very friendly and helpful. Our location is positioned perfectly to walk to a lot of the attractions. China Town being one since we are located right at the gates, and Union Square where there are lots of shops and restaurants in walking distance. Being in our prime location does help save on the extra expense of transportation one might occur if staying at a different property.Overall, Mark it seems you did enjoy the hotel and the service provided. If you are ever back in San Francisco we do hope you choose Orchard Garden Hotel.Thanks again,Bruce PinckneyFront Office ManagerOrchard Garden Hotel
What a find! The orchard Garden is well located - not far from Union Square and almost next door to China Gate. We were welcomed warmly and given a lovely room on the 7th floor overlooking the Bush Street. The staff were so friendly and helpful, nothing was too much trouble. We had breakfast there every day over our 3 day stay and it was plentiful. freshly cooked and good value for money. Our room was spacious, clean and the bed really comfy. Housekeeping did an excellent job in looking after us. The only minor wrinkle was low water pressure in the shower. We would definitely recommend the Orchard Garden without hesitation. Thank you all for a wonderful stay.What a wonderful dose of encouragement, Sue! I'm so happy to hear that you felt very welcome and well taken care of with us. I hope that anytime you're traveling back to San Francisco, we'll be lucky enough to host you again!Take care, Collins C., Front Office Manager
I have stayed at this and its sister hotel the Orchard Hotel, also in Bush Street, a number of times and keep going back because of its location close to Union Square and the central business area of SF. The rooms are comfortable, clean and very spacious, Bathrooms are modern and well laid out. Concierge, reception and housekeeping staff very friendly and efficient. I will make one request for my next visit, please provide chair for desk that can be adjusted for working at the desk.We appreciate your kind review and your continued business, Chris! We will take your feedback about the chair into consideration. Hope you'll be in again soon! Best,Pablo B. General Manager
Nice, clean, modern rooms right next to Chinatown and easy walking distance to Union Square. Weve stayed in several San Francisco hotels and this is one of our favorites. Very courteous, helpful hotel staff.We're happy you're happy! Thanks for taking the time to leave a review. It's cool to hear you enjoyed everything from our staff to our walk-able neighborhood. Hope you stay with us again soon! Best, Pablo B. General Manager
The hotel is nice and great location especially if you like Chinese (as China Town is literally next door). Also 5 Min to Union Square. Nice staff very friendly and attentive. Bed is very comfy. We did not have breakfast so I cannot say anything about that. I'm glad your stay left you with a great impression! When you're not out exploring the city, we always want you to feel comfortable in your room and accommodated by our friendly team. If you plan to visit San Francisco again, keep us in mind!All the best,Collins C., Front Office Manager
My husband was here on business, whilst I was here for pleasure. It was a very comfortable stay right in the heart of San Francisco. Easy walking distances to various places of interest, with no steep climb! A big plus here in SF! Enjoyed A feel good stay (environmentally-friendly) as this hotel do practice energy conservation, ie: energy-saving light bulbs, lights activated by inserting card key only, housekeeping really abiding by sign: ''re-using towels, bed-linen. Loved the smell of its cosy bedding. The room with its amenities is very pleasant, tastefully decorated, quiet and offered me a very good sound sleep! I like the spacious bathroom and room lightings (non-glaring).
Spent four nights at the Orchard Garden this week with my wife and daughter and can't say enough good things about the experience. From my initial phone call , a follow-up email and then one back from the hotel asking if we needed anything before arrival, it was the best dealings we have had with any hotel. They honored my request for extra towels and a high room away from elevators and ice machines. We overlooked Bush Street and heard very little noise and slept well on comfy beds. Hotel is well located, clean and does things right. Doormen, front desk staff and housekeeping were excellent. Our double superior room was bright, clean and larger than we expected. Do yourself a favor and consider the Orchard Garden in your travel plans to San Francisco. Don't know what previous reviews are complaining about concerning transportation from the airport. Our cab from SFO was 49.50 (before tip) and the hotel arranged a Lincoln town car for us back to the airport for 50 (before tip). Really can't beat that considering the cost of hotel parking in the city.Dear TwoRetiredOshawans,We are excited to read that you loved our hotel and found your accommodations pleasing for your stay. Our team always tries to meet the expectation of our guests. Whether it be simply more towels in the guest room or a quiet room away from the elevator we are here to make your stay the best stay possible.I really appreciate your comments about our beautiful hotel and we hope to see you back at the Orchard Garden Hotel in the near future.Thank you,Bruce PinckneyFront Office Manager
Spacious and Quiet! I was in SF for business and was relieved to have such a pleasant place to rest my head. I had a room facing Bush st. and never heard any noise for the 6 nites I was there. The mattress is amazingly comfortable. The fact that this is a eco-friendly hotel makes high marks too. The location is great for exploring Chinatown. The staff is very friendly and accomodating. The only suggestion I would have for them is to offer more TV channels.
Good, clean rooms. Small-medium sized but the room amenities were complete and nothing to complain about.Excellent service and very friendly/accomodating staff.Environment-friendly. We like that they commit to plant trees for every trip advisor review.Thank you so much for the kind review and for commending us on our eco-conscious efforts. We opened in 2006 as a LEED (Leadership in Energy Environmental Design) certified Hotel and since then we have been thinking of ways to be even greener. With suggestions from staff and guests, we have made a number of changes that will reflect in the next LEED certification renewal. I do not want to spoil the big news to come, but we are very excited. We are also thrilled to be affiliated with a campaign such as Plant a Billion Tees. With the help of our guests we have planted 200 trees this last quarter in an effort to restore the Atlantic Rain Forrest, which is only 12 percent of its original size. Trees store an enormous amount of carbon dioxide and in return releases oxygen, something we think is valuable, especially in the travel industry.Thanks again for choosing to stay with us and we hope to see you again soon.Kind regardsQuinn McEnteeFront Office Manager
The hotel is in a great location walking distance to most areas, a good choice of restaurants close by, the staff were very helpful my room as very comfortable and clean and the bathroom was big enough I would defiantly stay here again in my next tripI'm so pleased that you enjoyed your time with us! Isn't it lovely walking around and checking out some of the local attractions After a long day of sight seeing it's great to hear that you enjoyed coming back to relax in your room. Hope we'll get the pleasure of seeing you again on your next trip to the city!All the best,Collins C., Front Office Manager
Gorgeous room, friendly and welcoming staff, immaculately clean, great value, and joyous attention to detail are just a few of the attributes that come to mind about the Orchard Garden Hotel. Our first interaction with the staff started when we popped out of the Montgomery BART Station but were unsure which direction to start walking to get to the hotel. A quick phone call to the front desk put us in touch with a genuinely caring and competent ambassador for the hotel who stayed on the line with us until we were clearly on the right path. Once we arrived (seven hours too early for check in), two friendly and helpful front desk attendants went into action to serve us. They carefully listened to our room preferences and put their play into motion. There were no rooms immediately available, but they credibly assured us they could match us with the perfect room for us. They gave us several great ideas for sights to take in before our room was ready (fantastic suggestions that caused the time to evaporate). When we we returned, WE WERE NOT DISAPPOINTED!Our room exactly matched the criteria we discussed. The room was a contemporary design that was sparkling clean! The sofa was a comfortable place to plop down after eight glorious hours of sightseeing (on foot). San Francisco's sights, vistas, and hills were captivating. The room had so many things that demonstrated careful attention to detail. Examples included: illuminated light switches that are easy to find in the dark, a clock-radio with a built-in iPhone connector AND USB port for charging a headset or watch, and an automatic light that comes on inside the closet when the closet door is opened. We have stayed in several beautiful San Francisco hotels over the years for business. But from here forward, the Orchard Garden Hotel will be our FIRST CHOICE when visiting San Francisco! Thanks to the staff and management for an awesome experience. You have made us customers for life!I'm thrilled that our staff were able to take such good care of you. We know that traveling can be tiring, so we take care of everything for you down to the smallest detail -- I'm glad you appreciated those built in iPhone connectors! We look forward to receiving you and your traveling companions again on your next trip to San Francisco. Safe travels,Collins C., Front Office Manager
I stayed here one night and it was really nice. Rooms were clean and the bed was super. Location is great just by the china town gates.The negativesBad sound proofing between rooms (we could here neighbors talking) No view (from our room at least)Gym was closet size and 3 different walking machines.But overall a nice stay at a great location.
My husband and stayed at this hotel last weekend for one night. We were greeted by a friendly desk clerk, our room was very clean and the bed was extremeley comfortable. The location was perfect for SF - walking distance of Union Square, China Town, cable cars!I would highly recommend this hotel for a business trip or a couples retreat!!!Bring a bottle of wine to enjoy on the roof top garden overlooking San Francisco!!We are so happy you and your husband enjoyed your quick getaway. Our rooftop terrace is a pleasant retreat after exploring the city, so Im glad you were able to advantage with a bottle of wine. Thank you very much for the kind review and we look forward to seeing you both again soon.CheersQuinn McEnteeFront Office Manager
Excellent rooms, excellent service, nice people, great location, Parking is cheap for SF with in and out privileges. Beautiful public places, fine breakfast. 50 feet from China town, 5 blocks from the north end, three blocks from Union Square, not far from museums and Mosconi center. Powell Street cable car to Fisherman's Wharf is 3 blocks. It doesn't get any better than this.Thank you Bruce G for a fantastic review!We truly appreciate your comment of being a real gem and that it doesn't get any better than this which is what we aim to be.Looking forward to welcoming you back soon, Pablo B. General Manager
We loved this hotel. *location, room, service, it has it all... almost.The location is walking distance to The Financial District, Union Square and Chinatown and a few blocks from the cable car which will take you to the Wharf. The room, we had a suite, was spacious and comfortable. Only drawback was lack of a view (we looked into another building... creepy) We felt like we were in a hole with no windows because we couldn't open our curtains due to feeling like we were constantly being watched.The service was top notch... Oliver felt like a personal friend. He was genuinely helpful and anticipated our needs before we knew we needed him. He suggested wonderful restaurants, parking tips, sightseeing info... the list goes on and on. The front desk was pleasant and the bartender made wonderful drinks.Loved the roof top patio... a little difficult to find but worth the walk up the stairs from the 10th fl.We will definitely stay at the Orchard Garden the next time we visit SF!Thank you so much for the stellar review. Although I am very pleased to read you enjoyed your stay, I apologize the view was less than desirable. Our property was built in 2006 on a vacant lot next to some tall neighboring buildings. I am thrilled Oliver and the front desk team we were able to make your stay more pleasurable. I am extremely fortunate to work with such an enthusiastic team.All of us here look forward to your next San Francisco visit.All the best,Quinn McEnteeFront Office Manager
We stayed at the Orchard Garden Hotel for three nights during our California vacation and had a wonderful experience. The hotel is located just outside the gates to Chinatown and we were able to walk to the Embarcadero, Pier 39, Coit tower, Golden Gate state park, etc. The rooms are a little smaller than other hotel rooms we've stayed in however the bathroom was quite spacious. I am very particular about cleanliness and this hotel was clean, new, and well run. Comfortable beds and pillows, free movie rentals! The only thing missing would be a nice hot tub on the roof! I would definitely recommend this hotel if you are staying in San Francisco!
Staff was friendly, great location and the hotel was clean and comfy. We were there for a large convention and it was close to Moscone, Yerba and the SF MOMa. Breakfast available and plenty of restaurants nearbyWe appreciate your kind words! It's cool to hear you enjoyed everything from our breakfast to our comfy rooms. Hope you'll stay with us again soon! Best, Pablo B. General Manager
The building is well located next to Union Square in San Francisco, 2 steps from Cable Car station. a Theatre occupies the first floors of the building.At the reception the staff is very standard, nothing more.Room I was given (and I was upgraded on last floor) is so old that no other word come to my mind than dirty. No Air conditioner, a fan is at your disposal on the ceiling, above the bed, and you can open the window.Bathroom is small, and especially needs to be renovated.For the same price you can leave in a much better Hotel in San Francisco.Dear Matthieu L,Thank you very much for taking your time to share your comment with us on TripAdvisor. I am so sorry to hear our hotel didn't meet your expectation. Our hotel offers different style of rooms and I wish we could offer you a different room if we have known this during your stay with us. Our hotel just recently updated all the guest rooms furniture such headboard, dressers, night stands and mini fridges. All the guest's floor hallway carpets are renewed and as well as lobby furniture. We are going to renew the guest's room carpet very soon, and also working on minor renovation in each guest's room. I hope you would give us a second chance for your next visit in San Francisco. Thank you again for staying with us.
I stayed here during Oracle OpenWorld, which if you know of it is a massive event in San Francisco. Rates were great, and we booked several rooms here due to its close location to the Moscone Centre.Location - excellent just a half block away from Union Square! Convenient to walk anywhere downtown, or hop on a cable car, although not in walking distance to Fishermans Warf. Also just a few blocks from the metro station, with dozens of restaurants nearby.The lobby is elegant - you can feel the history when you enter, and their sherry in the evenings is an interesting feature.I lucked out with a room on the top floor facing Post Street. I wouldnt say there are any good views here, being San Francisco with skyscrapers surrounding it. I say lucked out as there was no-one above us, so we didnt have any foot noise above us, which others experienced.Rooms are tiny - think of European style with limited room if you have two double beds. Very limited space to use the desk, and if youre sharing, youll have to stack your luggage somewhere to be able to walk around. Same applies to the bathrooms, with some limited space.For summer, there is NO air conditioning. The only way we survived was to keep the window open and deal with the street noise - although there was a ceiling fan. However, it only moved hot air, unless you opened the window.Rooms have modern conveniences - flatscreen TV, fridge, etc., but I was told by the front desk staff that they wouldnt drink the water themselves. Meaning bring lots of bottled water, as the in-room Smart Water is quite pricey.There is no gym in the hotel, but apparently one close by - not sure about it, as I just elected to run outside.Hotel staff are friendly, the location is great, and Im sure its a nice location for a romantic trip - but not the best for business, or sharing a room.
What's best about this hotel is its location right on Union Square. Its in the safe neighbourhood of Nob Hill but is quite close to the notorious Tenderloin district, so easy to stray into it. Its close to everything including the tour busses and if you need to get to the airport, the BART station is also within walking distance and the bart drops you right inside the airport.The staff are friendly and efficient and the hotel offers free wifi. The rooms are fine clean and well furnished but the hotel doesn't offer breakfast. We ate one morning in the Golden Gate Grill, which I wouldn't recommend but if you walk further up Post Street there is a great place called Honey, Honey Cafe.
We recommend this hotel, it's old fashion but in a nice way. everything is clean. There is no breakfast served at the hotel so we tried different caf (best was Starbucks). There is no gym (as there was in the information). A good room.Dear Traveler,Thank you for choosing Kensington Park Hotel. We appreciate the recommendation and apologize for the confusion regarding the gym. We no longer have access to the offsite gym. Would you be willing to share where you saw that so we can change it right away Thanks again for staying with us!Megan BrandtGuest Relations
Be aware - the hotel has no air conditioning -- something they bury deep in their website and something you'd probably never think to ask. It was in the mid-70's when I was there and the temperature in my room was fine. They do have very large and very effective ceiling fans and the windows do open about a foot to let the air in. But... c'mon -- no A/C in a downtown hotel Otherwise, the hotel is just OK - it's clean and the rooms are a decent size, but it obviously hasn't been renovated in 20-30 years and it shows around the edges. There is free wifi, though, so you'll save 15 over a name brand hotel there...Dear Guest,Thank you for posting a review about our hotel on trip advisor. We really appreciate your feedback. I am sorry if our hotel did not meet your expectations. Please note it is fairly uncommon for a hotel in San Francisco to have air conditioning as the weather here is usually on the cooler side. Nevertheless we hope this did not affect any future visits and we hope you give us a second chance. Thank you for your time. Lennin B. Ledesma Assistant General Manager
I travel for a work a lot. I've stayed at three of the four Personality Hotels in SF, but Kensington Park is my favorite. The location is perfect, even though it's a 15-minute walk to work I'd rather walk because it gives me option in my (limited) free time. Right there in the heart of Union Square. The staff at Kensington are incredible, the best in the business. The rooms are comfortable and well appointed. They aren't the biggest rooms but they're pretty standard for SF. Great location, great staff, great value and nice accommodations. You can't beat that.Dear Laura M, Thank you for taking the time to post your review on TripAdvisor. Thank you for allowing us the opportunity to host you during your stay at Kensington Park. We are humbled to have received such thoughtful comments, for there is no greater satisfaction than receiving kind words. We appreciate your comments for our well-appointed guests room and amenities. When the occasion arises please contact me and I will personally assists you with your reservation to visit the 4th Personality Hotels. Your business is much appreciated and we will do our very best to continue to meet your expectations. We look forward to welcoming you back soon. Best regards, Lilia Calvario
This hotel is a little gem. It is situated right next to Union square - literally a 50m walk at most! This is it's biggest selling point!Union square in all reality, is the best place to stay in San Francisco. Being close to Powell St as well, you are very close to a couple of cable car stops as well (essential for getting to Fishermans Wharf and great fun to ride).There is a Walgreens just around the corner (supermarket) which is also handy. As you walk out the doors of the hotel, to your right are 2 little sandwich / delis (both before you get to the street corner). Both are fantastic for breakfast, lunch or a meal. Highly recommend them. Well priced and very tasty food. They are small places, but are great. Sears is also just around the corner on Powell St which is an institution in SFran. We were told the breakfast was great, but only ended up going to dinner there. Quite a decent more home cooked American style meal that won't break the bank.The hotel itself is quaint. It is an old style hotel but still looks in good condition. The check in staff are very friendly and the concierge (Ron) is brilliant! The hotel has an ATM in the foyer - was not expecting this for a boutique hotel. There are also major bank ATMs just around the corner on Powell as well.There are no in-room safes (bit of a negative as the closets are big enough to have one) - so on check in make sure you ask for a check in desk safe as they can run out. Also, no small fridge (seriously, all hotels should have one for the convenience of their customers and not have to pay extra for it - in Australia and Asia, I have yet been to a hotel that does not have one!).Wifi is free - which is great! We found in too many hotels in US that we had to pay for Wifi (The room is compact but not like the tiny European hotel rooms. For a week stay, it was comfortable. The bed was good. The bathroom - needs renovation. It does not have to be massive, but the taps and shower heads need to be replaced - as they are getting old.The restaurant next door (the Farallon) - don't bother. It is overpriced and the service is (well at least what we experienced), very poor.If I were to come to San Francisco again, I would definitely stay here. Location is perfect and the hotel is very good and not expensive.
This hotel is a great value if you're looking for somewhere to stay near Union Square without breaking the bank. It's a quick walk to the Square, 10-15 minutes to Chinatown or Market Street, and another 25-30 minutes to the Piers. The rooms were comfortable and well furnished. The lobby also provided ice water and tea 24 hours a day, which is a nice touch when you're coming in from a day of sightseeing and need a quick refreshment.The complaints I had:1. The valet service took longer than expected - expect about 30 minutes for your car to arrive from when you request it.2. We stayed in a room that was directly adjacent to another room, and the doors can slam quite loudly. Late at night/early morning this was a disturbance.
Set 2 mins walk from Union Square, this hotel is central to everywhere... parking can be a little difficult however we found an easily accessible garage just around the corner for approx 30 for 24hrs. The staff were friendly, the hotel was clean and well maintained, the rooms were of a good size and the pillows were gorgeously plush!! Very comfortable!
The Kensington Park Hotel is only a block away from Union Square which is so convenient for shopping, dining, and sightseeing activities! We always stay at the hotel because of the friendly staff, efficient service, and affordable rates. The rooms are very spacious and allows a lot for storage after a busy day of shopping. They are also clean and have good amenities that make our stay so comfortable and feels like a home away from home.We have been staying at the Kensington Park Hotel for over 15 years whenever we visit San Francisco...the best kept secret in Union Square!
I've had to go to San Francisco a lot for business recently and I've been trying many hotels around Union Square.Kensington Park Hotel was the best value for the time I was staying this time.Upon arrival, I realised that this was an old hotel. It wasn't poorly but it was just dated. The lady behind the counter was nice and I checked in relatively quickly.I was on the 6th floor and the room was surprisingly nice. The bed was big and comfortable and a big TV with three big windows. The bathroom was your typical white tile bathroom but it was tasteful also. Even though I was right by the elevators, it was very quiet.I didn't try the food or the theatre so I cannot comment.One problem was that you really had to slam the door shut. The latch was quite stiff so trying to let it shut on its own was not going to happen. For the first night, I returned to find my door ajar as I didn't close it hard enough.For another couple of days, the elevator was out of action so I walked up to my room. An unusual eclectic mix of carpets!Overall, it was comfortable. Given the location, it's good value and well maintained if nothing to shout about.Dear Valued Guest,Thank you for sharing your experience. We are glad you enjoyed your stay with us. I will bring the issue to our engineer department in regards the door. We hope you will choose Kensington Park Hotel for your next stay in San Francisco. Warm regards,
A lovely old finished hotel with great staff who upgraded our room after booking.com cancelled our reservation without notifying us. We ended up in a huge suite with a beautiful big comfortable king bed and a kitchenette and separate living area. We also had three toilets. Our adult sons unfortunately had to share a king bed between them in their own room but they were happy. Good location, in the middle of a great spot in town. No breakfast available there and no pool or gym unfortunately. Dear erica6634,Thank you so much for taking your time to share your comment with us on TripAdvisor and giving us a 5 stars ranking. I am so happy to hear you enjoyed your stay with us in our Royal Suite after a little incident with your booking, and I am glad we were able to make up the situation. We hope you will see you again during your next visit in San Francisco. Thank you for staying with us.
My girlfriend and I decided to go to San Francisco, and after some investigation into the matter, we settled upon the Kensington Park. We tend to stay at hotels that are fairly priced for their location, such as Bill's in Vegas. I'm not a fan of super splurging on hotels, but then again, I'm not going to save a few bucks if it puts us in a rather unpleasant area. After our stay, I have to say it is 99.9 positive with only a few minor issues.Located just off the main intersection of Powell and Post, Kensington Park is in a great location. If you're a fan of The Cheesecake Factory, as my girlfriend is, you will absolutely adore this area of town, as the restaurant is on top of a Macy's building no more than 5 minutes walk away. There are many other restaurants within that area, and there is little doubt that if you do not find anything within the immediate area, you can find something just a few blocks away. The hotel is also a few minutes walk from many posh boutiques, Chinatown, the Financial District, as well as the famous Cable Cars. Public transit is also very accessible from this location, with Geary and Market St within walking distance as well, and was a very good base of operations for the time we spent in San Francisco, as we were mainly focusing on the Northern areas of the city (Bay/Golden Gate Bridge, Golden Gate Park, Ocean Beach, Chinatown, Japantown, Legion of Honor, Fisherman's Wharf, and Alcatraz).Getting to the hotel was a breeze. We simply (well, simply after finding the station) hopped on the BART, got off at Powell, and headed North to Post St. Due to the popularity of the area however, actually navigating Powell and making it up the hill with luggage in tow can be a bit of a challenge. I can't even begin to imagine the difficulties one would encounter should they have children along with them as well. It should also be noted that there are several homeless people along this route. However, they do not do anything that would cause a nuisance or disturb the peace.Once we arrived at the hotel, we were greeted by a very luxurious, old school classy, dark coloured lobby, completed with a piano, and several comfortable couches. Once check in was completed, we went to our room which was furnished with your typical hotel items, minus a fridge and cooking implements. Most important of all, the room was clean, which is something that is of importance to most people. In terms of the bed, it's difficult to quantify the level of comfort, as this is a person to person thing. I will say that the bed is a bit on the soft side, which may or may not be to your liking.Naturally, being in such a great city, we didn't spend much time in the hotel room, other than to sleep at night. Each time we came back, the rooms were tidied professionally, with any minor messes we made taken care of. The front desk staff were equally friendly and approachable, and were accommodating to the strange requests that I made of them. One final item of note is that light sleepers may want a room away from Post St, or perhaps consider a hotel not in this area at all. As luck would have it, Post is a one-way street, and just up the street is a San Francisco Fire Department depot, and because of our room, we could hear/see the trucks whiz by every single night. Despite being 7 floors up, there is still quite a lot of noise. Similarly, I'm guessing there is a Police Department or something in the area, as we heard those noises every night as well.All this boils down to the bottom line: would I stay here againIf the rating didn't quite spell it out for you, the answer is yes, assuming I'm doing stuff in this part of town, and I don't want to rent a car. Given the prices of all the other hotels in this area, Kensington Park offers one of the best combinations of location and price around.
My wife and I celebrated our 23rd anniversary this past month and decided to stay at the Kensington Park Hotel. The entire staff were extremely accomodating and welcoming. From check-in to check-out we wanted for nothing. The front desk and concierge were very informative on local restaurants and making our reservations. Oh yes, the complimentary bottle of champagne awaiting us in our room with a hand written note from the general manager was a professional touch! If you are looking for a great hotel in the union square area near everything, The Kensington is the place to be!
I've been coming to this hotel for years and keep coming back, as I've always had a great experience. My most recent trip was no exception. I was in town for one night for a funeral, so it was a stressful time. The staff went above and beyond and were very accommodating - Vincent, Tevin, Mario Jojit were exceptional, as was everyone else. This is always my go to hotel in San Francisco, as they never disappoint.Dear gregr0y,Thank you for staying with us at Kensington Park Hotel again. We are very happy to hear that you had a great experience and enjoyed your stay even during a stressful time. I will share your kind words with my team. We can't wait to see you again during your future visits to San Francisco. Thank you for sharing your experience with us!
Ocean Park Inn is right on the beach. There is access that exits to the boardwalk and from there is beach access. Our room was ocean front. Our 3rd floor room had a balcony that looked down on the boardwalk and beach. We sat in the room because it was chilly out and watched the sunset. How great to open the door and hear the roar of the waves. Our room was nice. A little old but clean and quiet. The one negative is that the room was dark when the sun went down. There is breakfast daily. Underground parking that cost 15 a day. There are plenty restaurants with walking distance.
Nice old hotel in a busy location with lots of stuff to do in the area. Parking cost 15 a night which was ok and worth it. Small rooms. Hardly any guests in December when we were there. There is a no alcohol policy at the pool/hot tub which left us not using it. The 250 total cost per night seemed excessive but for the area is probably the norm. View of the ocean was great once you get over the homeless people openly using drugs on the boardwalk. All in all it was an ok place.Thank you for sharing your previous experience with us. We aimed to provide a 5 stars experience for all of our guests and we apologize for fallen short during stay. We appreciate you bringing your concerns to our attention because we are always looking for ways to improve. In regards to the homeless situation...the boardwalk is city property, so there's a limit on what we can do. It frustrate us as much if not more than you because we know that can impact a negative experience for our guests. Rest assure that we are taking necessary measure to address this. Thank you for choosing Ocean Park Inn. We hope on the opportunity to provide you with a better experience the next time around.
This hotel was everything we wanted it to be, and the price reflected that. We paid 448 per night for our room, which I have never done before-HOWEVER this was my sister's birthday treat and we wanted to do it right. Plus it included breakfast for 4, so you can take about 60 bucks off right there. I felt welcomed and like the staff truly enjoyed having us there. What a nice place, even for one night. Not sure if they can do anything about this, but there are a lot of vagrants/homeless that camp out right on the grass in front of the pool. Just was a little awkward, but it might not be the hotel's property.We are so glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us, happy birthday to your sister! We hope to welcome you back again soon.
Can't be much closer to the ocean, listening to the waves as you sleep. Price is right, clean rooms with great parking. Only real flaw, new carpeting is needed. When booking request the quiet side or next time we would preferably book the rooms right on the boardwalk, worth the extra money. Great location for a lot less cost. Patrick was very friendly when we checked in. Went the extra for making our stay as great as possible.We are one of the few properties in San Diego that gives guests the ability to listen to the ocean waves from their rooms! Many guests also report seeing dolphins from their balconies. Were happy you could enjoy this.Also, the next time you stay with us every room on the property will have new carpet! This process is currently underway and will conclude by the end of February.Thank you for the kind words about our staff, your compliments will be passed along. Thanks for staying with us!
Great Location and clean rooms. I'll likely stay here again. As other's have mentioned, construction was going on and it was noisy during the day but quite at night so it really wasn't a problem especially considering the rate. The pool area is great with direct access to the board-walk and beach.Thank you for the review! We're glad you enjoyed your first stay with us. I would highly recommend signing up for our monthly newsletter to receive hotel updates and specials for your next vacation with us! See you again soon.
We have been coming to the Ocean Park Inn for years. We usually book several rooms for our extended family and friends. The is right for our budget and you dont have to leave the hotel to get breakfast in the morning they have a self serve cafe in house. The staff has always been great no complaints....Thank you for the kind review! We're glad you've become such loyal guests of ours! If you're not already, I would highly recommend signing up for our newsletter for special past guest promotions for next time! We look forward to seeing you again.
Great location. Near everything. Nice pool and hot tub. Breakfast was ok. Coffee was not good but there is a seven eleven across the street. Don't be put off by the occasional homeless person on the boardwalk as they keep to themselves and leave during the day. All in all a very good place. Thank you for taking the time to write Ocean Park Inn a review. We appreciate your feedback and tips on our property to future guests as I'm sure they will find this helpful. We are so happy to hear that you will be returning back to us. We're looking forward to providing you with another great trip whenever you're in the area.
I stayed on the 3rd floor in an oceanfront room on the end, which gave me additional ocean views on the side. The only little thing that could have been different was the bed. It was rather thin and not really comfortable. It wasn't much of a problem, but definitely could have been better. If it wasn't for the bed, the stay would have been a perfect 10 - excellent! The staff was really helpful and friendly, the room was clean, the shower felt great, and I had everything that I needed was there. It's convenient to restaurants and shops, and right on the boardwalk. I felt very safe and secure in this area (boardwalk, hotel, and surrounding community).It was a great stay, and I would definitely consider staying here again and recommending to others!We are so glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay and that our team took such great care of you! We do appreciate your feedback on the bed, if you could please let us know which room you stayed in we will get it fixed immediately. We look forward to welcoming you back again on your next trip to San Diego!
We stayed for 2 nights in a queen oceanfront view and it was amazing. Location was great only a view steps to the beach. The rooms that we got was not that big for what I've expected since I thought I booked a room with a kitchenette, they provided a microwave for me and my family. The staff were all friendly. Great location. I was just surprised for there was a 15 a day charge for the parking.
If its a beach stay in San Diego stay here. We reserved a partial view room with 2 queen beds( mum, dad and 2 girls 6/5) and wow they delivered. Our room was huge, bathroom a great size and a cute little balcony where we sat out and watched the sun set over the ocean. We were not over looking the pool which I was grateful as in the afternoon it was very busy.The hotel is located right on the boardwalk, and a few minute walk to the pier. It is surrounded by lots of bars and restaurants and only a short drive to Sea World ( 8 mins).Breakfast was included in the price too which included waffle maker, toaster, cereals, muffins, fresh fruit, juices and a coffee machine. There is a tv in the breakfast room which was nice to be to catch up on some news. After breakfast we had a short play at the beach before returning to the heated pool. At this hour ( 9.30 ) we were the only ones there. We met a very helpful young man who was placing the towels on the pool lounges. He was full of information about the local area.We really wish we could have stayed a few more days, we felt relaxed and at home at Ocean Park Inn , we will be back for sureIt sounds like you had a wonderful vacation! Our location is quite ideal for families, as we are very centrally located in both Pacific Beach and greater San Diego - great for easy drives to SeaWorld, San Diego Zoo, Safari Park, and Legoland! We're happy you took advantage of our complimentary amenities, and thank you for taking the time to write such a wonderful review.
What s not to like Ocean front, Boardwalk below, great food, shopping, grocery stores close by. Hotel has been recently remodeled which has taken it up to a new level. Very clean with the most polite and friendly staff you will find anywhere. I tried it year ago and now stay there as often as I can. Everyone at the front desk calls me by my name and welcomes me back. The manager comes out to say hello and there's nothing I need that they won't try to get for me. I work when I'm there so the recent upgrade in Internet has been a huge plus.Excellent review! We greatly appreciate all the kind words about both our staff and our hotel. We take a lot of pride in our customer service and it is very rewarding to hear that it made your stay that much more enjoyable. As for the hotel itself we are glad to hear that you were able to take advantage of our location and proximity to many fantastic local restaurants, shops, and even a grocery store and pharmacy. Thank you again for the helpful review and we look forward to seeing again you soon!
Location could not be more perfect than this hotel. In the middle of Pacific Beach on the boardwalk, right on the beach. Rooms are good, clean and great customer service. Plus for pool and hot tub which is great for the kids. Highly recommend.Thank you for taking the time to write us a short, but very sweet review. We are delighted that you enjoyed our property and our prime location. We hope to welcome you back in the near future.
I do a good share of traveling and stayed here as a last minute situation. With the 405 night gouge, they really like taking advantage of weary travelers. The don't accept AAA or any other type of discount. The best part of the room was the view of the boardwalk, but everything else was very average or below average for hotel accommodations.Thank you for your feedback. Our prices are not meant to take advantage of weary travelers by any means. In fact, our rates are priced very strategically so we are neither the most expensive, nor the most affordable, property here in Pacific Beach. We set our rates so that we can confidently say that we offer the most value in town - no other property offers as many complimentary amenities and/or as affordable amenities as we do.That being said, room prices on the beach are generally higher than elsewhere because our location is simply unbeatable. Not only is our location unbeatable in San Diego, but there are very few properties situated like ours in all of Southern California.Lastly, prices during peak seasons, like spring break, will always be higher with the higher demand. We're disappointed you didn't find value in your stay with us, but you may find what you're looking for if you try again during the off-season when our rates go as low as 109!Thanks again.
The staff is great - very friendly and helpful. I paid 370 per night for my room (reservations directly with the hotel), so based on the price and other reviews, I expected a pretty nice room. I thought it was pretty dumpy. There was obvious prior water damage on the walls and ceiling, which was poorly repaired. The carpet was old and felt dirty. I made sure to wear flip flops or socks in the room. The bed was extremely hard, so I did not sleep well and woke with a sore back. The whole room, including the bathroom, was painted a dark blue-green. I did enjoy the balcony. Not sure whether to give the hotel a 2 or 3.I did not partake in much of the breakfast which consisted of a waffle station, hard boiled eggs, pastries and cereal. They did have amazing apples, oranges, peaches and plums.The location of the hotel is excellent. I really enjoy P.B. Just wish my hotel room had been better.Thank you for taking the time to write a review, Josh! We are unaware of any rooms with water damage, so we would be grateful if you would contact us and let us know which room you stayed in. Further, we're surprised with your comments regarding our carpet, as it barely a year old and constantly washed! We will look into these matters further. You will also be happy to know that this winter we will continue our renovations with all new bathrooms in every guestroom!Thank you for the compliments regarding our staff and location - we do hope you give us another shot next year!
great hotel right on the ocean with a nice balcony to watch the waves......clean and bright and underground parking......nice part of the beach......can walk to fun restauarants......safe area to walk without fearThank you for the helpful review, Judy! Glad to hear that you were able to enjoy Pacific Beach without the hassle of driving anywhere. We hope to see you again on your next visit to San Diego.
Our family had a front row seat at the Ocean Park Inn Hotel on San Diego's Pacific Beach. The rooms and service are comfortable, clean and friendly and the location can't be beat. You're right in the middle of great beaches, boardwalk, restaurants, night-life. I'd stay there again, for sure! Steve from Sammamish, WAThank you for taking the time to write us a review, Steve! We're so happy to hear your family enjoyed their San Diego beach vacation with us. If you start missing us and can't get back down here, check out our Facebook page for local pictures, events, and hotel updates! Thanks again.
We booked a Partial View room, and requested a particular room number, and this exact room number was reserved for us. The room is very spacious, the view of the ocean is perfect. There is a large bathroom very new and modern, a comfortable king bed with lots of pillows, a pull out bed in an adjacent loveseat, a refrigerator, desk, and safe. There is complimentary Keurig Coffee and a coffee maker in the room. The Continental Breakfast was very well stocked, and super good. There are 2 large fish tanks near the breakfast area to enjoy. The staff are very friendly and knowledgeable. This hotel is centrally located on the boardwalk, and there are many places within walking distance to eat and drink. The beach is just steps away from the hotel. You can not do better that this hotel for the area. AAAA++++++
Perfect location. I would clearly stay there again. No doubt.A little bit expensive given the category of the services.The breakfast is very much complimentary...Very warm personnel, except for the lady that attends the breakfast.The younger staff in the front desk appear to be not too informed about local tourism details.Thank you for taking the time to provide us with your feedback! You'll be happy to know that we are continuously training our newest staff members not only on hotel procedures, but local tourism details as well - by your next stay, they'll have it down! Thanks again, we look forward to seeing you again.
Ocean Park Inn is in a great location in Pacific Beach, with plenty to do in the immediate area. It seems to be one of the few hotels right on the beach, and it was just a few steps from our room to the sand. Its a very clean hotel, and the staff is very attentive and friendly. We definitely plan on being back.Thanks for leaving such a nice review! We are happy to hear you enjoyed your stay with us and all of our amenities and found our staff members helpful and resourceful. We hope to have you back soon! Thanks for staying at the Ocean Park Inn.
Ocean Park Inn was the only hotel in Pacific Beach that was willing to help us pull off our wedding, exactly the way we envisioned.We traveled to San Diego to scout a location on Pacific Beach to host our wedding. We had a very specific plan in mind. We wanted all of our guests to stay at a beach side hotel, we wanted to get married in the sand, then host our reception at the courtyard of the hotel. We wanted to serve tacos from a roadside taco stand, Two Buck Chuck (2 Wine from Trader Joe's), and beer from a keg.We quickly found out that this type of wedding does not happen in Pacific Beach. First of all, the City of San Diego doesn't allow weddings in the sand at Pacific Beach. Next, we inquired with every hotel along the beach that had a courtyard. Not one of the hotels was willing to accommodate us according to our specific plans. We checked Best Western (not willing to host the reception), The Surfer (not willing to consider any of it), The Cottages (respectfully unwilling to disrupt their elderly guests), Crystal Pier (a simple lack of willingness to try something innovative), Tower 23 (wanted a monstrous minimum for the courtyard and would not allow us to bring the taco stand), and Pacific Terrace (unwilling to host the reception).Ocean Park Inn was the only hotel that was completely willing to fully accommodate our requests. Only they know the secret to convincing the City of San Diego into giving us a permit for a Pacific Beach wedding. They offered an amazing group discount. They helped us organize discounts from local businesses to share with our guests. They worked with us every step of the way through a planning process that lasted 10 months.Quite simply, OPI tried something innovative and they knocked it out of the park!Everyone here at the Ocean Park Inn was so happy to see your wedding day go off without a hitch! It was an absolute thrill working with you, from the early planning to cleanup, and we all wish you both a very happy marriage! Thank you again for choosing the Ocean Park Inn, and please let us know if you're ever in town again!
The location is fabulous! I looked at many of the hotels in the area right on the beach and most were about the same price as this one. I stayed with my family and the room was a great size especially after the hotel we came from in Santa Monica the previous night. I loved that we received breakfast so you have that option for something quick. The front desk service was great though the housekeeping was mediocre. The housekeeper tried getting in our room at 4:30 in the afternoon when my daughter was returning from the beach. The towels that they offer you for the beach and the pool are a joke, just a bit bigger than a hand towel. I would recommend bringing your own beach towels or you will need to purchase them when you get to the beach. They do offer you to use 2 beach towels that you can use but if you have a family you need more than that.Awesome feedback Heather! We are glad you chose to stay with us during your recent trip to San Diego. Youre right about most of the hotels in the area being about the same price. What sets us apart from the rest is our location as well as the fact that we offer a hearty complimentary continental breakfast and we offer the lowest price for secured parking in the area. We know that there are many options when staying in the area, but we strongly believe that we offer the best value for the price. Our housekeepers are usually cleaning rooms until 5:30 pm and we do try to get to our in house guests as quickly as we can. As for the beach towels you will be glad to hear that we recently upgraded to bigger, thicker towels for our guests to use at the pool and the beach. Thank you again for your feedback and we hope to see you again soon.
Was hesitant about this hotel after reading some of the reviews and my fears came to life as soon as we checked in. We had a room on the first floor with a kitchenette which smelled awful - evidently a souvenier from the last meal cooked there. The hotel is very outdated. I was told by the very nice desk clerk (who took me around the hotel attempting to find us another room) that they are in the process of updating Not to sure about that. Hotel is right on the strand. There is no A/C in the hallways and it appears that windows are usually kept open. We were supposed to stay two nights but left after one. Probably a great place for families on a budget with small children. Oh yeah, continental breakfast is juice boxes and poptarts basically. It is a good location though.
My daughter won a charity silent auction for 2 nights at the Ocean Park Inn, and she gave it to me as a Christmas present. The guy at the counter was very personable, and check-in went smoothly. Parking is underground with elevators that took us to the 3rd floor. The room was modern, immaculate, and had a great view of the boardwalk and ocean. The included breakfast was good, especially the waffles. I was impressed by the friendliness of the staff....lobby, maids, breakfast assistant etc. The location is certainly the best in the Ocean Beach area. Great restaurants along the beach. If you have the , this is the place to stay.Thank you for the awesome feedback, and for participating in the charity event! We are glad you were able to come spend some time with us in Pacific Beach. Thank you for highlighting the many amenities we offer, and we hope to see you back soon.
We searched and searched online to find accommodation that was right on the beach (because thats where you want to be in California!), was near all the attractions we wanted to see, and would provide us with a separate bedroom and a kitchenette. Ocean Park Inn delivers on that, and more. We were in the One King Bedroom Suite, and it was everything we could have wished for - lots of living space for a 5 night stay, a kitchen to take care of our own meals (Ralphs grocery is literally across the street), a balcony with an ocean view, and a separate bedroom that was enourmous. Just off of Grand Avenue, and right on the boardwalk for Pacific Beach, you are literally steps from the sand. Beach gear was available for guest use, and we had a wonderful time sitting on the beach, swimming, boogie boarding, and walking. The pier just down the boardwalk is a wonderful spot for watching the sunset, but also makes a fantastic backdrop for an evening stroll. The pool at the Inn is on the small side, but the lounge chairs are many, and the pool is a great spot for kids to play. Breakfast was a simple continental breakfast, but had a good selection of pastries, waffles, cereal, fruit, yogurt, and hard boiled eggs. We would load up a plate and enjoy in our room, or on the balcony. The staff were so friendly and kind - we had a call after we settled in asking how our room was, and everyone was very helpful when it came to trying to fix the TV in the living room or providing a corkscrew for some California wine. Always a greeting when you entered the lobby, with a smile! On the Grand Avenue side, the Inn is flanked by restaurants. Friday through Sunday night were busy, and there was lots of music and bar noise, however, the sliding patio doors are some crazy industrial strength, and with the door closed, a lot of the noise was reduced. Running the air conditioning was enough to drown out the noise, and we had great sleeps each night. Traveling to other sites was easy, as Grand Avenue is a main road that connects to the interstate. Parking at the Inn was awesome, as parking is hard to come by in this area - parking spots are definitely on the smaller side, but there were all kinds of vehicles who managed to park safely. Smaller cars are certainly going to be easier to park in this underground lot, but you cant beat having parking on-site. The location, views, people-watching, and friendly staff make this the place to stay in San Diego!
Our first time staying at the Ocean Park Inn. We have walked by this nice hotel many times while visiting our son in Ca. We usually stay at a resort up the street but decided that since we were only going to be in town for one night let's try and stay on the ocean. What a wonderful surprise! Room was clean and comfortable. Bathroom appeared to be newly remodeled and quiet nice. Front desk clerks that checked us in and out went out of their way to make us feel very welcome. Loved the fresh fruit upon checking in. The parking garage under the hotel was a plus! Can't wait to return in the fall for a longer stay.Thank you for your kind words, we are so glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us at the Ocean Park Inn! We are looking forward to welcoming you back in the fall!
1. Front desk crew courteous but very young.2. Continental breakfast is OK. At times you had difficulty getting a table mid morning. 3. Exterior of hotel needs painting and maintenance. 4. Air conditioner in room is weak. 5. This is not a Marriott or Starwoods hotel. 6. Location to beach is very nice. 7. Parking in garage is very tight. I damaged my right side driver mirror trying to park our Yukon XL last night. The parking garage is setup for compact cars. Not everyone drives a compact car. 8. Hotel maintenance staff is very courteouse and responsive. It is my guess that hotel ownership is tight with capital dollars for improvements if they can fill the hotel without too much trouble at the rates they charge. 9. The empty building across from the hotel should be torn down. It detracts from the area. 10. The fire department is one (1) building over. This is good if you have a fire and from a security perspective but bad if they are out on calls and sound the sirens. 11. Only saw a few street people. The SD PD made two (2) arrests of street people when we were there. They were very proactive in this area. 12. The location of the SD Life Guard station is very positive. The beach are by the hotel is monitored heavily. The life guard staff on the beach were very proactive on currents in the ocean. 13. The beach needs to cleaned daily from the seaweed. 14. We walked 3 miles up and down the beach and most of the folks seemed to be tourists that were on the beach. 15. You have many restaurant options within walking distance. 16. Hotel has onsite security in the evenings and after hours.
Upon arrival, we were greeted by David. He helped get us settled in our room and even suggested a mexican restaurant within walking distance of the hotel (which was wonderful). We had a room on the 2nd level with full ocean view... which was GORGEOUS.On our final night, Sachin gave us several suggestions of things to do and places to see. We barely scratched the surface and plan to return and stay OPI... They really made us feel welcome.Thank you for the kind review! Your review will be taken into consideration for the aforementioned employees during the next performance review. We're looking forward to seeing you again!
We stayed here in August 2012 - clean rooms, right on the beach, comfortable bed. We were upgraded on arrival and had a great room facing the ocean. Location is excellent, walking distance to many restaurants, beach, shopping, and grocery store. Small fridge in the room was a bonus. Staff were very friendly. Beach was great right out front of the hotel, with life guard startion right there. Pool was great to have and protected from wind. Breakfast is one of the best hotel breakfasts we had on our 2 week trip and even has a waffle maker!We definitely recommend this hotel and would stay there again. Some reviewers complain about the noise, but that is because there are a number of restaurants and pubs nearby - we were not bothered by their proximity.Thank you for the kind review! We're happy to hear you enjoyed the property and our location. Being within walking distance of the beach and restaurants/shopping really has its advantages! We hope to see you again in the future!
I will combine 2 stays into one review. My family I stayed at the OPI in an Ocean front room and 2 weeks later my 3 year old son and I came back for a dudes week together. The hotel continues to live up to expectations in every way and I think we have now stayed here 5 times with each one being a great experience.The location is amazing and the views from the OF rooms are awesome. The pool area is great for the kids to play in, the continental breakfast is good and the recently updated bathrooms are a nice touch. But the real reason we keep coming back is the staff and how were are made to feel like home here. The staff (especially Benny these two stays) are so helpful and pleasant that it feels like we are coming home each time we check in and that attitude helps the relaxation start when we walk into the lobby. I would write more but now I am going to check their availability for a return visit....Thank you so much for your wonderful recognition of our amenities and service! It is our pleasure to continue welcoming you back and we are so glad to be your second home here at The Ocean Park Inn!
We stayed at Ocean Park for 3 nights. We got a partial oceanview room and enjoyed our view. The property is on the beach (once you cross the boardwalk), so the location can't be beat and we are glad we stayed on-site so to speak as parking was hard to come by.The staff is very friendly and the pool area was very nice. Our room was comfortable and clean. The breakfast could have been a little better. Not too many choices and one day, they ran out of milk and juice. The boardwalk has a selection of restaurants and shops. We ate at Waterbar and it was good. Sandbox Pizza is good too and they will deliver. The hotel is in the Pacific Beach area which can get a little rowdy at night. We had no problems of things being loud and people were very respectful. The actual beach itself can be an issue. Make sure to find a place that doesn't have a lot of kelp or seaweed. That was a problem and then flies joined in. Be selective on where you set up shop. The water was chilly at first, but beautiful, we enjoyed our time there! Walk a few blocks to the Baked Bear ice cream shop - they make custom ice cream sandwiches. You won't be disappointed!
My wive I stayed for one night while visiting in San Diego in one of their Suites with an ocean view. Gotta tell you, we were impressed. Great View, Clean Room, had everything we needed for a very comfortable beach front stay. The Suite with an Ocean view is a Must if you stay. You won't be disappointed!!Thank you so much for the great TA review! It is great to hear you had a good time during your stay and enjoyed your suite and all the amenities.We hope to have you and your spouse back soon. Thanks for spending time at Ocean Park Inn.
Loved this hotel, great view, great location, great pool. great staff. Next to tons of restaurants and a bike ride to the amusement park. Had a blast! The front desk even checked us in online for our flight! Also the free breakfast has lots of options. Would definately stay at this privately owned property again!Thanks for leaving such a nice review! We are happy to hear you enjoyed your stay and found our staff resourceful and helpful. We are happy to hear you enjoyed all of our amenities as well as all of the restaurants nearby. We hope to have you back soon! Thanks for staying at the Ocean Park Inn.
Our family traveled to San Diego for a family wedding, we all stayed at the Ocean Park Inn. Overall it was a nice place to stay, rooms were clean and it was conveniently located right by the ocean. Enjoyed walking down the boardwalk every morning and the complimentary breakfast was nice too. Restaurants pubs were in walking distance to the hotel, so that made it nice for a quick bite to eat. We are so glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us at the Ocean Park Inn. Thank you for your wonderful feedback on the amenities that we offer, We do hope to welcome you back the next time you visit San Diego!
The OPI is not a luxury hotel, but it is one of my all-time favorites. We have stayed twice in the past two years, and can't say enough good things about it. The location is absolutely perfect- right on the beach and walking distance to almost anywhere in Pacific or Mission Beach. Both times we have booked partial ocean view rooms, which look out on the pool and actually seem to be full ocean views. The rooms themselves are clean and relatively modern, with fridges and small balconies (and amazing views). The free breakfast is not exactly gourmet, but is generous and includes fruit, yogurt, cereal, and a waffle bar. We found the staff to be quite friendly and helpful. The hairdryer in our room stopped working as I was getting ready for a wedding- I panicked, but the maintenance man came within 10 minutes to replace it, which I very much appreciated. Overall, I can't recommend this place enough if you are looking for a reasonably priced and centrally located beach hotel. I've stayed in a few other hotels in the area, but none come close to the OPI.Fantastic review Olivia! We are thrilled to hear you once again enjoyed your stay with us, and were honored to be your go-to property for your visits to PB. Make sure youre friends with us on Facebook to read about local events, see some beautiful pictures, and maybe even use a special for your next trip out! See you then!
Perfect location on Pacific Beach. The Strand, the pier, restaurants and shops are all right there or within a block or two. Walking was a pleasure in San Diegos fantastic weather, especially at this hotels location on the coast. I found two car rental companies nearby with hotel pick-up but we didnt need them. Instead, we took advantage of the bus stops one or two blocks away for travel to attractions around town.The room was clean and comfortable. The desk and free wi-fi were handy when I used the public transportation Trip Planner on the SDMTS website. We slept with the balcony door open to get the ocean breeze and the soft soothing sound of the waves. The complimentary breakfast has ample choices. I recommend trying the self-serve waffle maker. We remedied the lack of fruit with a two-block walk to the local supermarket, storing the perishables in our hotel rooms refrigerator. The staff at the desk were always there and ready to be helpful, a plus since this was my first time in San Diego. Their three-day-advance cancellation policy took some improvising since our arrival date was uncertain.
I recently stayed here while vacationing with my significant and was pleasantly surprised by the experience. We had a room with an excellent view overlooking the boardwalk and beach. It was great to sit out on the balcony and be able to enjoy the view and action down below. The hotel and room were clean and up-to-date. The bed was extremely comfortable with quality linens. The location was decent, located along the boardwalk with a number of restaurants, shops, and other hotels. Once we were there, we didn't have to drive anywhere since there was enough to keep us entertained close by.The only downside was that it was a bit noisy at night. There were a few people from the nearby bars yelling on the sidewalk, but fortunately it was brief and not late enough to wake us up. Also, the waves were much louder than we'd expected while trying to sleep, but that wasn't the fault of the hotel. Might be something to keep in mind if you are looking for a beach-front hotel. However, overall it was a fabulous experience!Thank you so much for the great TA review! It is great to hear you had a good time in Pacific Beach and enjoyed your room.On your next visit, if you'd like to be placed in the more quiet area of the hotel, please include it in your notes sections when booking your stay, we apologize for the unwanted noise level.We hope to have you back soon! Thanks for spending time at Ocean Park Inn.
My husband was having surgery and we wanted to stay on the beach while he recovered. Since he needed to stay in the room all day and night, the right hotel was crucial. We picked this hotel based on the reviews and we couldn't have been happier!!! We were there in October, had a room in the front with a balcony on the second floor to view the boardwalk and ocean. The hotel's location is convenient to pretty much everything - whether a major grocery store chain one block behind it, or all the restaurants, and amenities of staying on the beach right at your fingertips. The room was clean and comfortable. We were extremely happy with the price, especially after shopping around first. But best of all, the staff was exceptional! Very personal and caring. Felt as if we had been staying there for years. We expect to be back in San Diego a few more times. This hotel would be our choice of where to stay - and don't feel the need to check out any other place.We are thrilled to know we provided the perfect recovery hotel for your husband! You're absolutely correct - once you've parked the car, everything you could ever need is within walking distance. Customer service is extremely important to us, so we are all elated to know we could make your trip that much more enjoyable. For your next stay, make sure you're signed up for our monthly newsletter to receive special returning guest discounts! Thank you for the review, we look forward to seeing you again.
I stayed at Ocean Park Inn in 2008 and 2009. I walked up and down the boardwalk and I don't feel there is a better place to stay. I was on the 3rd floor with an ocean view each time. It is breathtaking at sunset.The hotel was in the process of upgrades during my last stay. My room had not been updated yet - it was in dire need of new bedding I will admit. The bed was quite uncomfortable. The TV was out dated - they were replacing them with wall mounted flat screens however. They were also painting all of the hallways - I see someone mentioned the hallways were not air conditioned - I don't spend time in the hallway, so I don't see why this would matter - I never noticed the hallways being uncomfortable.I used the pool area quite a bit to tan, and was usually the only one there. Pool area is great.I have read some reviews stating that the management and staff were rude, that the area is noisy, and there are people hanging around the hotel. I had absolutely no problems with any of the staff on either of my stays. Each one was consistently helpful, courteous - almost to a fault!, and friendly. Jay, Chanel, Patrick, Sachin and Karelia - made my stay all the more enjoyable. The hotel is on the Pacific Beach boardwalk - there is noise. There are people on the boardwalk, rollerblading, skateboarding, biking, walking and jogging from early morning to evening. The beach is also immediately off the boardwalk - what do people expect! For there to be no one on the beach and no one on the boardwalk If you want quiet and solitude, stay on an island. It's Pacific Beach, it's a beach community - it is what it is. I never found the noise to be over-whelming and slept with my slider open every nite.Yes, there are a number of homeless that stay directly in front of the hotel on the boardwalk - they keep to themselves and don't bother anyone. I never saw them approach anyone at any time. They are gone by early evening. Traveling alone, I never felt afraid to be near them at any time-in fact I talked to some of them. They are harmless. T The continental breakfast changed last year and didn't offer as much as it did the year before (there were waffle makers the year before). However, there were several varieties of fresh bagels, packaged pastries, toast, butter, jelly's, cream cheese, fresh fruits, cereals, coffee, juice and milk. Just like any other continental breakfast FOR FREE. I'm just not sure what people expect. It was quite adequate. I would rather not have a full breakfast offered in lieu of keeping costs down.Again, having walked up and down the boardwalk, there are some really trashy places to stay - including the Best Western that are old, outdated, filthy and run down. Yes, there are a few nicer places like Tower 23 but the cost is also considerably higher. For the money, location, rooms and staff, I can't think of a better place to stay while in Pacific Beach or the San Diego area.
The staff at the Ocean Park Inn is great, and do a wonderful job making you feel welcome. The hotel is very nice, very clean, and is conveniently located to lots of attractions. Get a room facing the ocean.Thank you for providing us with this wonderful feedback, we are so glad that you enjoyed your stay with us and that our team took such great care of you. We look forward to welcoming you back soon!
hello! i am a mother of a 19month old boy and me and my husband are both nurses with very stressful job demands and this place was very relaxing for us. we stayed from may 6,2012 up to may 11, 2012 and my heart was broken when we left. i am very picky in regards to finding a perfect place for us wherein both me and my husband can relax and my son can have fun as well.. this place is perfect! they gave us what we wanted, a room with an ocean front balcony with fully working microwave and fridge, we couldn't ask for more! the staff were really nice and accommodating, and the place is very clean..I did enjoy my morning walks along the beach and people are very friendly as they walk by as well. the place is near sea world which is very convenient also near garnett st where there was a lot of restaurants you can eat.. we would definitely recommend this place to our family and friends and we'll surely be back for a longer stay next year!!!We're thrilled to hear you found and enjoyed the perfect place to unwind on your vacation with your family! Many of our regular guests bring their families back to our property year after year, and it's always a pleasure to see the kids growing up. One year we're handing out a bucket and shovel to play in the sand, then before we know it we're handing out boogie boards and describing the best spots to catch waves to the same child! Thank you for all the wonderful compliments - we can't wait to see you and the family again!
Very good, in-fact excellent location. hardly few steps from the actual ocean beach. Rooms are very clean and well maintained. They have hotel car parking (might be charged based on your vacation package). CVS stores, Pizza places and other entertainment at very close by distance.
My DH and I recently stayed here for our anniversary. We are a local couple who just needed to get away for a night. The staff of this hotel was one of the best parts. I cannot remember the name of the front desk attendent when we checked in - maybe Michael But he was great - very helpful on where to dine and drink. He also told us all about the breakfast offered at the hotel and all the other nice ammenities (free breakfast, one of the NICEST pool areas in all of PB!). The room was clean, the bed comfortable and the view was SPECTACULAR! The otel is small which we prefer. It is quiet right on the boardwalk close to great food and nightlife. In the morning we drank our coffee on our balcony and watched the waves roll in. It was an amazing anniversary and one that will not soon be forgotten thank to Ocean Park Inn's great hospitality. We will be visiting again when we can get a night away fron real life!We're elated to hear our hospitality made your anniversary trip so enjoyable and memorable! The staff is also very happy to know you noticed how clean the pool and surrounding area is - our head engineer treats the pool like his own and is very proud of it. We look forward to seeing you for many future anniversary trips!
We had a great stay at the hotel. The staff was very helpful. The rooms were clean, the pool was warm. It was a great location right on the beach. I definitely recommend staying here.Thank you for the kind review! Our pool is kept at a warm 82 degrees rain or shine year round, and the hot tub is perfect for warming up after a swim in the Pacific. We're glad you were able to take advantage of the amenities. See you next time!
Had a nice comfortable stay here. Great location right on the beach and close to tons of shops and restaurants in the Pacific Beach neighborhood. Also offers easy access by car to anywhere else you want to go. The garage beneath the hotel was never full. Rooms are clean and comfortable. Pool area is nice. Super friendly staff. Would definitely stay here again if we are lucky enough to get back to the San Diego area.Thank you for taking the time to write such a nice review! If you do make it back to San Diego, make sure you're signed up for our newsletter and you're friends with us on Facebook - we frequently post specials in both places! We hope to see you again.
I come back every year for a week to this amazing place. Could not be more pleased. The rooms are large, clean and who can argue with the free morning food. The location is idea just next to the pier and there are places to walk, bike, or eat.The kind review is much appreciated Harry! If you'll be returning, make sure you sign up for our newsletter for returning guest specials! See you next time, take care.
I come to San Diego several times a year. This time wanted to try 2 different hotels. Stayed June 21, 2016, Room 319. The check in and check out was a breeze. Everyone I came in contact was very professional and helpful. This stay was a partial ocean view, 2 QN room. I highly recommend if you could afford it, stay in a full ocean view. The partial ocean view means you will be assigned a room on either side of the hotel. From the patio you do get a slight view if you turn one of the chairs and put it right in the corner. If sitting on the other chair you will not be able to see the ocean. Again, did I say it is just a slight ocean view. Being on the side of the hotel it was harder to hear the ocean waves. I would bet that the full ocean view rooms you would definitely hear the waves as these rooms face the boardwalk and beyond that the beach. The patio has 2 chairs and a small end table. It is nice to be able to hang up wet clothes. You can leave your patio door open to feel the nice ocean breeze. I would highly recommend the higher floors so that you can leave your patio door open all night and be secure. As others have commented, this facility is no resort but it is not a motel either. It is perfect for a get away to the beach. The room is modern enough, the beds were comfortable, and a really nice big tiled bathroom. The vanity is inside the bathroom. The shower didn't have the best pressure but it was decent. The shower is big and enclosed in glass. The bathroom has huge thick beach towels to use. Yes the decor in the hallways and the carpet is very outdated but not old or shaggy. The carpet in the room was ok. There is a small fridge to put drinks in. All in all, the room is very comfortable. There is a continental breakfast. (Standard waffle making, oatmeal, cereals, muffins, danishes, yogurts, fruit, hard boiled eggs, and drinks.) There is plenty of room to sit at a table. It was great for us, all the food constantly being restocked. The pool and hot tub were heated and great. Nice relaxing area with lots of pool chairs. What I liked as well is that you can go out the back of the hotel straight to the beach access. In fact, it's just across the boardwalk. There is a life guard station right there. After you day on the sand you can wash off at an outside shower at the hotel. This is so perfectly convenient to wash off the sand from your feet, clothes, and beach toys. Having a room/hotel so close is so convenient for potty breaks if you have kids. You don't have to walk a long distance to find a bathroom. It's just right up to your room. The underground parking was nice as this whole area is always crowded and parking hard to find. There is a price for the parking which all San Diego hotels seem to charge. It is underground and didn't have any problems finding space. You are close to the elevator and can lug all your suitcases easily. There is a Ralph's grocery store and lots of restaurants (fast food and fine dining) within walking distance. So everything is close by. You will need a car if going to Balboa Park, Old Town, etc. I love how practical this place was to bring kids and just had a good time. I will be coning again. Just wished it wasn't so expensive.We really appreciate you taking the time to provide us with this all of this feedback. We are happy to hear that you enjoyed the view and overall had a good time with your stay. Thank you for letting us know some areas of opportunity for us to work on, we are always striving to do better and we will take these suggestions very seriously. We hope to welcome you back again soon!
We thoroughly enjoyed our stay! The location is great, right on the beach and boardwalk. It was awesome to sit on our balcony and enjoy the ocean and people watch at the same time. I will mention that there are homeless people around but they are very unobtrusive and leave you alone. I never had one ask me for anything. The room was clean and the bed was comfy. There are boogie boards and sand toys that you can borrow which is nice so you don't have to waste your money and buying something you're going to have to leave. A couple suggestions for the hotel: 1. Breakfast...it would be nice if you offered gluten free muffins or cereal. Yogurt and hard boiled eggs get old fast. 2. Towel racks...More towel racks in the bathroom would be helpful. Drying swimsuits/towels and such would be much easier. Plus it would free up counter space to have the towels off of the counter.Thank you for taking the time to provide us with some helpful feedback! We greatly appreciate the helpful suggestions and will take them in to consideration. We are glad you enjoyed your stay with us and we hope to see you again soon.
I would have to say it is pretty difficult picking out a place to stay from the internet. I found Ocean Park Inn from a San Diego travel website and could not have been happier with my find. I was nervous for what to expect, but was so thrilled when I arrived. Wonderful location with beautiful views!...perfect walking distance to stores, restaurants, and most importantly the beach! Also great location for driving to popular attractions. This hotel had an amazing beach front view. We first at the 1st floor ocean view room, did not like it due to it having a joined balcony with the other guests. Alexandra at the front desk did not hesitate and never asked questions about changing our room to the 2nd floor with the ocean view to have a private balcony. Both rooms were very clean as well as the whole hotel! All staff was very friendly and never hesitated to help in any way. Breakfast was very enjoyable with the area always kept clean. Pool and hot tub were great, especially with the palm tree and gorgeous sky view! Weekends around the hotel seem to attract a very large and lively college age group to the bars and surrounding area, however it all calms down the next day and week day nights. My husband and I felt very comfortable and safe there which was extremely important to us, that is why we recommend it to all the people we know and cannot wait to come back!!!...especially that the front desk staff was very accommodating when my husband surprised me by shipping our wedding cake topper to the hotel on dry ice to celebrate our 1 year wedding anniversary. It was a wonderful surprise and I thank them very much for allowing that which made our stay more memorable!
Great place to stay!After 7 trip to San Diego beach area it was the best hotel. And the area is wonderful with great restaurants and bar. The room is perfect, and the pool and hottub were very clean and very beautiful. I reccomand to all people that are visiting San Diego. The boardwalk is just in front of the hotel, and for sure you will feel the life on the beach like people of San Diego.Thank you for giving OPI such an great review.Glad to hear you had a good time during your stay and enjoyed the amenities.Thanks for spending time at Ocean Park Inn. Hope to have you back soon.
I was pleasantly pleased with our stay at the Ocean Park Inn. I booked at this Inn primarily due to its location. We were there for Pacific Beach's annual Holiday Parade (there were also Santa Run marathons) and we wanted a hotel that we could easily walk to and from the Parade Route that took place on Garnet Ave.The price seemed reasonable. I booked a King room with Partial View for 2 nights. The room choice was honored when I checked in, and readily available for me.I was greeted by a friendly staff at the front desk. The check in process was quick, but thorough... everything was explained to me: key card use, parking garage, breakfast hours, etc etc. The lobby had two very nice salt water fish aquariums that gave the atmosphere a cozy tropical beach feel even in December. The parking garage is underground, entrance is just to the right of the main lobby driveway. It's a tight entrance and exit, but the parking garage seems secured, and well-lit. The elevator back up to the lobby and room floors are right dead-center of the parking garage, so every spot is nice. But the way there is only one elevator on the property, but it never ever seemed too crowded or long of a wait any time we needed to use it. Getting off the elevator and then roaming the halls (3rd floor) that's when you realize how old the building is. You can tell that there are newer remodeling features such as the flooring and crown molding. There are plenty of windows all along the hallways, so it felt bright and fresh, unlike some hotels that have dark, no-window hallways. The curtains were simple and plain. We found our King room (313) to be very spacious. Dresser, desk, sofa, king bed. Patio had a table and 2 chairs to sit down and enjoy the view of the pool below and ocean straight ahead.The bathroom was fresh and remodeled (definitely new compared to the rest of the inn. It was also fairly roomy and had a big shower- and good for very tall people as I saw the shower head was very high. Plenty of bath towels in a basket, as well as 2 blue beach towels which remained unused during this December visit.The closet is almost hidden as the door for it is actually a nice full size mirror. Once you pull the mirror door open, you'll find two of the most luxurious, double-layer terry cloth bath robes hanging for you (These robes are so comfy that we bought some to take home!!! The staff was kind to bring brand new ones for me to purchase).The bed was fairly comfortable... Firm (which is best for your back), but not rock hard. The white sheets and duvet were clean, fresh, and cozy. I fell asleep very easily. It remained quiet through the night, so either we had very quiet neighbors or decent thickness walls. -- A/C unit worked well... too well. Brrrr. Cooled the room down quickly then kept off. I could imagine it would be wonderful for summer.Things to note:-- Overnight parking is 15/day (compared to the other public parking lots available in this beach community, this was a good deal) and is in a gated underground lot. -- The entire property has a No-smoking policy, even outside on the patios. So if you are a smoker... this could be a deal breaker.-- Beach is literally steps away. You are right there.-- Continental breakfast includes a fancy Waffle maker... actually very good results and yummy even if you don't know how to cook. Everything else is your typical continental breakfast: bagels, toast, cereal, fruit, yogurt, coffee, juices. Breakfast ends at 10am.-- I was surprised to find that you could get room service at this little Inn! Room Service is provided by the neighboring restaurant Firehouse. We didn't get to partake, but the menu looked wonderful. Because it comes from an actual restaurant conveniently next door, the options were plentiful and prices reasonable compared to most big hotel in-house room service.-- You are walking distance from so many restaurants, bars, convenient stores, market, and even a CVS pharmacy. Overall, we had a wonderful stay at Ocean Park Inn. Pacific Beach is a neat little beach community. We got to experience it when the city was hosting a Santa Run marathon and a parade, so the activity was pretty ramped up. But even so, if anyone wanted to have a nice trip to the beach where you can just enjoy yourself at anytime of the year, I would recommend this place for sure.Thank you for taking the time to write a review for Ocean Park Inn.We are so pleased to read that we were able to provide you with an incredible experience. We are very fortunate for our one of a kind location and amazing staff. Your detail review painted a wonderful picture of what travelers can expect from Ocean Park Inn. As I'm sure, many future travelers would find your review to be very helpful. I love that you enjoyed our comfortable bath robes and even purchase some to take home with you. Next time you are looking to make another trip down to San Diego, I am so pleased to hear that you will return to us and would recommend us. We are all looking forward to providing you with another memorable experience.
OPI's actually encouraging people via email to write TripAdvisor evaluations even though they're undergoing renovation of their bathrooms. I'm a little surprised since I can't really rate this stay as high as I have in the past, due to ongoing construction. Anyway, I stayed here 4 nights at their 99 construction rate. Can't beat the rate, though you will have to tolerate workmen pounding away on things all day long, including Saturday and Sunday. However, they didn't start too early in the morning. And there's a fair amount of dust and sharing of the (slow) elevator with construction dudes rolling away carts of material to dump. I had a side room for the first time - not as nice as the ones that look out over the pool to the beach, but it put me farther away from the construction noise so I didn't really mind on this trip. As always, P.B. can be a wild place on the weekends -- good or bad, depending on what you're looking for -- but be prepared.Thank you again for another review! We're happy you've become such a loyal guest of ours - and although this year you had to deal with some extra noise and dust, the goal of our renovation and updates is to give you even more value for your next stay with us. As always, we look forward to seeing you again!
The staff was very friendly and truly made my stay great. Great, family owned business!
This hotel is right on the boardwalk. You couldn't get any closer to the beach. I had a balcony overlooking the ocean and it was so great. Talk about people watching!! The hotel is not a 5-star hotel, but I couldn't be happier with this place. It also has a pool and hot tub and free breakfast in the morning. Parking was very convenient, right under the hotel.Thank you for your wonderful feedback, we are so glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay! We look forward to welcoming you back again soon!
From the minute we checked in we were very happy with our choice to stay at the Ocean Park Inn. Dexter checked us in and did a great job informing us of everything the area has to offer. The rooms are updated and very clean. The breakfast was also very good. If we ever have the chance to get back to San Diego we will certainly stay here again.
The location is superb. I had a 3rd floor ocean view room which had a terrific view. My disappointment was in the 3 hairs I found, one obvious by the sink and two when i pulled back the sheets. Also, the furnishings are a bit outdated and shoddy. The staff was friendly.Thank you for taking the time to provide us with your feedback.As you can tell by reading countless other reviews online, cleanliness is one of our biggest fortes here at the Ocean Park Inn. Although this is the first I am hearing about your issue, I can assure you this is not at all common and there are measures in place to prevent issues like this one. On behalf of management and our housekeeping staff, I apologize for this inconvenience.You'll also be happy to know that we are continuously renovating and updating the property. We are currently in year three of our plan, and have already renovated the lobby, breakfast area, and pool area. Additionally, the entire hotel has new carpet and paint, sofas, and our energy efficient GreenStar thermostat system. Later this spring we will continue the process with new bedding and window treatments, in addition to new lighting throughout the property.We do hope you enjoyed the rest of your time in Pacific Beach. Thank you again.
We got very lucky to find this wonderful hotel. The location is perfect, the rooms are spacious and clean, the staff is friendly and helpful, the breakfast is good! The hotel is moderately priced for the location and offers parking, a nice pool, walking distance to excellent restaurants (World Famous, Green Flash), and short walk to beach and walking path. Some people complained about noise from the Firehouse Bar, but treat yourself to an ocean view or partial view and you won't have to worry about noise. As you can tell, I really liked this hotel and hope to visit again someday!Thanks for leaving such a nice review! We are happy to hear you enjoyed your stay with us and all of our amenities , and found our staff members helpful and resourceful. We hope to have you back soon! Thanks for staying at the Ocean Park Inn.
We loved our stay at the Ocean Park Inn. We had an ocean front room, and the beach was a few short steps off the boardwalk that ran behind the Inn. Great views of the beach and the ocean. Many amazing restaurants were within walking distance on the boardwalk. We were a little hesitant about staying here based on some of the reviews, but could not have been happier. The staff was so helpful, giving many recommendations for great places to eat, and things to do while we were staying in San Diego. Pat was especially helpful at check-in and throughout our stay. The carpet was a little worn, but the hotel was very, very clean. The bathrooms have been remolded, and were great. Breakfast had a lot of options, and we never went away hungry. There were folks sleeping on the grounds and around the boardwalk, but not one of them approached us, or bothered us in any way. We felt completely safe out walking, even late at night. There is a bar/restaurant on the front side of the Inn, which was loud at night, but we could not hear any of that noise from our room. There was some noise at night from the boardwalk, (skateboarders, people talking) but the location outweighed any nighttime noise. Definitely request an ocean front room. We moved into the city for the last two days of our stay to be nearer the stadium. We missed the OPI and wished we had not moved to the other hotel (which was a great place, just not the OPI). When we return to San Diego, we will definitely stay at the OPI!Thank you so much for all of your wonderful feedback! We are so glad that you enjoyed breakfast and those wonderful ocean views. We also appreciate your kind recognition of our hard working employees. We are so glad to hear that you will be returning to stay with us, we look forward to welcoming you back!
The location is amazing...on the beach, can walk to dozens of bars and restaurants, and near a bunch of cute shops. The hotel is decent, the common areas seem a little dated and dirty, but they are okay. The room was clean and nice. The staff was super friendly and helpful. The parking fees were some of the cheapest we have seen.
After spending a previous spring break at the Hilton Resort on Mission Bay, we decided to find a place on the ocean. The Ocean Park Inn was the perfect place for our family to stay. Based on reading other's reviews, we requested an upper floor ocean front room. The view from our room was fantastic and we even found enough space on the small balcony to enjoy a cold drink and watch the sunset. The best part is the location. Being right on the boardwalk meant we barely used our rental car the entire trip. We walked north on the beach and explored the tide pools, we walked to lunch, we walked to dinner and were never bored walking south from the hotel.If we are ever in San Diego again, Pacific Beach and the OPI is where we will stay.We're happy to hear you and the family enjoyed spring break with us! You're absolutely right about our location - there is so much to do within walking distance, but at the end of the day it's also nice just to enjoy the breeze and sunset from your balcony! Thanks for uploading some great pics as well - we'll see you next time.
The adults enjoyed early am coffee and breakfast poolside. The teens enjoyed late comp breakfast. Staff knows the local restaurants well and recommends those to match requests. All of us appreciated the bin of borrow ready beach chairs,towels,buckets.Thank you for the feedback Linda! We're glad you and the entire family were able to take advantage of the amenities on the property too. We look forward to seeing you next time.
The location of this hotel is great. The view from our room was wonderful. The staff at this place is great. Patrick was a great resource and helped with directions, recommendations for eateries, and where to find cheap bike rentals. I would definately stay here again. The continental breakfast was more than I expected with waffles, pastries and a fresh assortment of fruit and cereal. I would recommend this place to anyone traveling to San Diego that wants a beach front hotel. I would say that the only downfall was the small underground parking spots. It was a tight squeeze even for a compact vehicle. Other than that i would say an exceptional hotel.Glad to hear you had a good time during your stay and enjoyed the amenities.Thank you for giving OPI such an great review.Thanks for spending time at Ocean Park Inn.
I just returned from my 3rd stay at the Ocean Park Inn. After reading some of the negative reviews, I had wondered if maybe a change in staff had resulted in some bad service. Happily, this was not the case. My friend and I were greeted with smiles upon our early check in and every encounter with the staff after that was pleasant and helpful. The location of this hotel can not be beat. The view is perfect and it's within easy walking distance of a million things to do. I think that the bad reviews sprinkled through this hotels listing must be from people expecting an ocean front Ritz Carlton for the price of Motel 6. Stay at this hotel with an open mind and you will NOT be disappointed!
Great location, right on the boardwalk. While not the newest place, Mat, who runs it is very accommodating and nice. Rooms are well sized, comfortable beds, and clean. Underground parking- at a daily charge- is very convenientThank you for the terrific review! We are glad you enjoyed your time with us and we greatly appreciate the kind words about our staff. We hope to see you again soon.
Would we come back to Ocean Park Inn...YOU BET! As in previous years the staff was extremely accomadating...especially David. We loved the fresh bagels, sweet rolls, etc. in the morning. Felt secure having our car in a garage, loved only being steps from the sand. Thanks everyone!
Two reasons I didn't get 5 stars. 1. On the day of check out at 11:02am, the maid was knocking on the door for us to vacate. I understand check out is 11am, but we were packing everything up and we told her we would be out in 5 minutes. 2 minutes later, we received a call from the front desk telling us to vacate. When checking in, our room was not ready and we were told they would text us when the room was ready. We walked down to get something to eat and was never contacted. At 4pm, we walked over to check if the room was ready and it was. They failed to notify us as we were trying to hang out and wait before we could bring our things in and change for the beach. 2. Ice machine not near the room. The ice was near the front desk and there were several homeless people laying on the grass by the entrance from the beach. Four Stars were given because the room was clean, the location was the best to the beach, parking was free, and the free breakfast was just perfect. Although the cost of the room was very very high for a room with no ocean view.
The hotel was perfect! Very laid back, yet professional. Everyone at the desk was friendly and helpful. How many places gladly give you quarters for the vending machines and then say if you have any problem with the machines please let us know. The pool area was immaculate. The beach access is perfect and the beach was clean. Breakfast was good and the setting was pleasant. I thought I left my glasses in the room and the hotel even called me later to let me know whether they found them. Stayed with children and they loved it. Hotel rooms were very quiet. Beds were comfortable and the linens were good quality. Could not hear neighbors. Wi-fi worked perfectly. Parking was very convenient underground. Walking to everything around easy. Loved it.Thank you for the wonderful review and compliments! We're so happy to hear you enjoyed your vacation with us, and we hope to see you again in the future!
We stayed here for a weekend with some family and had a great time. The hotel was lovely, and the rooms were spacious and clean. They provide towels for both the pool and the beach- a nice treat. The hotel is literally steps to the ocean, and there are plenty of bars and restaurants in walking distance. The pool area has very comfortable lounge chairs and plenty of umbrellas to provide a break from the hot California sun. The front desk staff was extremely courteous and helpful. Highly recommend it!Sarah, thank you for the great review! We are pleased to hear that you enjoyed your recent stay-cation with us. We appreciate you taking the time to highlight some of our amenities and the kind words about our staff. Thanks again for the review and we hope to see you back soon.
Stayed here because I attended a seminar at the Catamaran hotel, a 10-15 min walk on the boardwalk. Hotel is right on the beach walking distance to many restaurants. Hotel and room is your typical older hotel in a beach town. Nothing special, but you are paying for proximity to the beach. The boardwalk is safe even in the early morning. Highly recommend CBW restaurant which is a healthy fast food place for salads bowls and wraps. Within a block of the hotel. Note: parking is extra. They have their own underground parking. Thank you for taking the time to provide us with your feedback. You may be happy to know this winter we are continuing our renovation efforts, which include but are not limited to: new window treatments, bedding, and furniture in all the rooms. Hopefully the updates will create a more positive impression if you decide to stay with us again. Thanks again!
We stayed four four nights in July on a mini vacation. The room was clean and in good shape however it was a bit dated. I got the feeling that the clientele may have been suspect in the past as there were signs informing you that you'll be charged if this or that is missing form the room. The AC controls require you to put a room key in a slot next to the door which is odd and our room the AC was out on night one. Maintenance quickly fixed this which ended up bypassing this key card interlock so it was a non issue. The wifi in the room was unusable due to low signal. Not sure if it is better by the pool as I never tried but that was disappointing. The location is excellent for beach access although at night it's not exactly family friendly on the street side of the hotel. The staff was very friendly and responsive to our needs. The common areas were very nice and clean. They had beach toys for use and showers with hot water at the entrance form the beach so you can wash off the beach in comfort. The pool and hot tub worked as they should albeit a bit out dated and the poo was in need of repair. No big deal but the water line tile is in need of replacement. That said the pool clean and clear and maintained daily. The hotel supplies towels for the both the pool and the beach which is a really nice feature just make sure the beach towels come back as if they are missing they are 50 each. Overall the hotel was nice, the staff was excellent, and the location very good. Updated rooms with better (read quieter) AC units and useable wifi would garner an excellent review. That said we will look to this property again next year on our annual beat the heat of Phoenix trip to San Diego.Thank you for the review! We're sorry to hear about the WiFi - someone regularly checks the signals, so we'll go back and make sure something wasn't missed. And rest assured, charging guests who take home our nice beach towels or bath robes is standard in the industry - it has nothing to do with the type of clientele here at the hotel!It sounds like you had a very enjoyable vacation here in San Diego. You'll also be happy to know this fall we will continue renovations of our rooms, so when you're ready to escape the scorching desert temperatures next year, check us out again! See you soon!
This was our 2nd time staying at Ocean Park Inn. Again, we stayed in a 2nd floor ocean front room. Great location, right on Pacific Beach. Very comfortable, fabulous ocean and beach views, balcony with small table and chairs overlook the beach. Unlike last visit, this time the wireless internet was completely useless in our room. I mean like non-existent. I had to go to the lobby to use wifi. Pretty inconvenient. They likely need to install few more routers. This reminded me of the state of things 10 years ago,when you'd wander around a hotel with your laptop, trying to find where you could actually get a wifi signal.. Spacious bathroom was renovated since last visit: bathtub removed and replaced with very spacious shower stall. Lots of drawers, decent closet -easy to keep organized. Pool, hot tub and patio area were great: impeccably clean: Staff were often out there picking up towels and tidying up. We swam in the ocean everyday, used the pool and hot tub every day. Very friendly staff. Location is as good as it gets: right on the beach, and walking distance to dozens of restaurants, bike rentals, coffee shops, and beach-and-souvenir shops. A Ralph's supermarket is a 3 minute walk away -great for lunch fixings, fresh fruit or a quick dinner from the deli counter. Free breakfast on site was good:: kids like to make their own waffles, good selection of yogurt, bagels, cream cheese, hard-boiled eggs, fresh fruit, toast, jams and cereals, coffee, juice, milk. Never used the air-conditioner: enjoyed sleeping with sliding doors open, fresh sea breeze and the soothing sound of ocean all night. Not a luxury hotel, but it has everything you need, except useful wifi, is very quite and clean, has friendly staff and location couldn't be better. Teenage kids would like to return a 3rd time, maybe next year.Thank you for all of your positive feedback, we are so glad that we had the opportunity to welcome you back!I have wonderful news, we are currently working on upgrading our Internet. On your next visit to the Ocean Park Inn it will be running much quicker so you will have more time to enjoy relaxing out on your ocean view patio!
If you want to be at the beach this is the place to go! Located near bars and restaurants in a nicer section of Pacific Beach. Good family atmosphere. Quiet area. Continental breakfast is a nice bonus.We are so glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us, we love being on the beach as well! We hope to welcome you back again soon.
I have never been to this hotel before and it was so great. The rooms were nice and the beds were very comfortable. We were pleasantly surprised and the staff was A+. Definitely going to go back and enjoy it again.Thank you for such a kind review! I would highly recommend signing up for our newsletter to receive news and specials for your next stay to Pacific Beach. We look forward to seeing you again.
It was our first visit to San Diego and after some extended searches looking for the perfect places to stay, we hit a home run with the Ocean Park Inn. Its located right next to Pacific Beach and walking distance to many places to eat and drink. The staff was welcoming and friendly. Our room was very clean comfortable, with a great view the ocean. Though we made reservations for a partial view, I believe we received a slight upgrade...as our view was wonderful. We were lucky to have Pat and Jasmine working the front desk when we checked-in, they were very accommodating in taking time to provide us an orientation of the area and attractions. We can't wait to make a return trip!!
This hotel was lovely , super clean with amazing rooms. Sea view rooms are to die for. The downside not of this hotel, but the area is that there are so many tramps in the area. Being situated right on the sea front the tramps congregate round the public toilets which are right outside the hotel. They do not hassle anyone though which is ok. There are a lot of homeless people in San Diego due to the weather ( as a local told us) , it was a bit of a shock to see so wish I'd been informed b4 we went there , hens I thought I'd put it on here. If you are in this area , please make use of the Bike Ride that you can do around the area , a great way to see the area. We are so glad that you enjoyed your stay, your room, and the ocean views! Thank you for taking the time to provide us with this feedback. We look forward to welcoming you back on your next trip to San Diego!
the hotel is right in the place to be at PB !board walk, people watching, sunset, beach, pier ! rooms are wide with a recently renewed bathroom Room decor should be renewed.the continental breakfast included in the room rate is convenient even if not particularly reach garage is convenient and not too expensivestaff is kind and helpfulwifi is not always working properly overall a pleasant stayThank you so much for all of your feedback, we are glad that you enjoyed your stay! We are working on some upgrades in our guest rooms throughout the year, we look forward to you experiencing them on your next stay. We appreciate hearing about the internet, we did an upgrade this year for Fiber and it should always be extremely fast, we will look into that and get it fixed. We look forward to welcoming you back soon!
If you're looking for a vacation on the beach, I recommend this hotel. Gated underground parking (10/day), friendly front desk staff, 1 minute walk from your room to the beach. Right on the boardwalk, so whether you're looking for ice cream and a hotdog or a sit-down dinner after a day at the beach, it's all within walking distance. Forgot sunscreen, sunglasses, etc There are shops right on the board walk for that. Forgot toiletries, etc There's a CVS right behind the hotel. While the decor wasn't fancy, the hotel was always clean. The bathrooms were updated: walk-in, glass-doored, tiled showers and very large vanities, plenty of room for a family to spread out. Beds were so-so soft but not the most comfortable. If you're willing to pay premium, stay in the ocean-front rooms. We loved sitting on the balcony at night, people-watching and listening to the waves. You can hear the waves from the rooms with the sliding glass doors or windows open, but it's actually very quiet with them closed. We did stay on the north-end of the hotel, so I can't speak for the south-end where there are some restaurants/bars right next door that get loud at night/on weekends.You can also walk pretty much anywhere in Pacific Beach from here shopping, restaurants, etc. I recommend The Mission (in Mission Beach) and Leilani's Cafe for breakfast. Each is about a 15-20 mins walk from the hotel.Overall, happy with our stay, and we would stay again!Thank you for taking the time to provide our prospective guests with some great tips. We are glad to hear you had an enjoyable stay with us at the OPI. Thank you for highlighting our location, as we strongly believe that our location cannot be beat! As you mentioned we are centrally located and anything you could possibly need is within walking distance. We look forward to seeing you again soon.
When I go to San Diego I want to stay on the beach. This is my favorite beach Motel. The people at the desk are very helpful. There is a free continental breakfast. The rooms were quiet and comfortable. Our view of the ocean was great. There is a small pool and a little hot tub also. Parking only 10.00 night. The toiletries are nice. Across the street from Ralphs . Perfect for a few days just to chill at the beach. Many restaurants and bars walking distance. I have been there before and will continue to go there. Pat at the desk is very nice.We are so glad to be your hotel of choice when you come to stay on the beach in San Diego! We look forward to having you back soon!
Stayed at the OPI during Spring Break March '15. This hotel is right on Pacific Beach and is in the heart of all the action. LOts of close by restaurants and drinking available within walking distance. The rooms could use some updating and the hallways definitely need some sprucing up. Our room had a nicely updated bathroom with large walk in shower. The exterior of the hotel is very nice and updated along with a new pool/hot tub area. All new sun loungers around the pool with umbrellas for some shade. They also have a large wicker trunk of beach toys available for kids to take to the beach so no need to buy any.The breakfast items were limited but very handy before heading out for a day full off activity. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. They had great recommendations for restaurants and local activities.Overall a great place to stay while in San Diego.Walter, thank you for taking the time to provide us with a helpful review. We are very pleased to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us. furthermore, we are glad that you were able to enjoy some of the great attractions that Pacific Beach has to offer. From excellent local restaurants, to craft beers at nearby bars, to spending the day at the beach, there is something for the whole family to enjoy. Thank you for acknowledging our recently renovated bath rooms and pool furniture, we make a conscious effort to upgrade various parts of the hotel throughout the year and we hope to see you back again soon so you can see some of our newer renovations.
My husband I went for a quick beach getaway. Friendly staff, clean room (although small), beautiful ocean view from balcony easy beach/shopping/restaurant access. Woke up to the sound of the ocean as we kept our balcony door open. We stayed on 2nd floor, it is a bit noisy from the boardwalk traffic down below. It did quiet down as the night went on. Other than that, we had a great stay.
We loved the hotel. We had a large partial ocean view. Our room set back 20 feet from the strand. The whole ocean views are right on the strand which might be a little too close. They offer toys and chairs to take to the beach. Also underground locked parking. In ocean beach it is almost impossible to locate on street parking. The staff are wonderful. The hot tub and pool are just the right temperatures. We also loved the balcony. You can really hear the ocean from there as well as just sitting on your very private balcony. You really don't need to rent a car. Everything is within walking distance. We will definitely stay there again. Thank you for taking the time to share your experience and what the hotel have to offer to the TripAdvisor community. As I'm sure many will find this information very helpful. We are delighted to hear that you will be staying with us again, hopefully sometime soon!
This hotel is located directly on the Promenade on Pacific Beach, which means you just need to step out of your room to be on the beach. We had a room with partial ocean view - strongly recommended! We had the swimming pool below our room, and then the ocean at a (short) distance. The room was pretty large and comfy. Breakfast and Internet access was included. The staff was also very helpful in assisting us with our trip planning. Overall, our stay at this hotel was a highly positive experience!
This was our 2nd stay at PACIFIC SHORES INN. Last January we visited and booked again this year because we were so delighted with the property. Travelling with two small dogs can be difficult and staying here made it quite easy. There is a reasonable fee of course, but everyone was kind and open to their presence. We had 3 adults staying in a ground floor room with two queen beds. There was plenty of room, the room was clean, there was a frig, coffee maker and micro wave. Great place to travel with young children. Front desk staff was friendly and helpful, housekeeping staff was cheerful and available to help with extra towels, etc. What more could you want from a beach front hotel with the most beautiful winter sunsets off the San Diego coast We wil be back soon!!First, I would like to thank you for taking the time to write this review. I am also glad you enjoyed your stay with us, and of course, your pets are always welcome here. We are one of the few properties that do accept pets and we know many by their names. You also mentioned the sunsets, where everyday is a unique experience!!!! That never gets old, and is one of the perks of managing this property!!
We stayed over fall break to take advantage of San Diego's pay for an adult/ child in free. They had remodeled the rooms since we were last there. The bathroom was very nice and so was the bedroom. It came with a mini fridge and microwave plus table to allow us to eat breakfast daily in our room. I hope that they will eventually have a breakfast for their guests because that would make it a perfect location with it walking distance to the beach. We are very pleased that you came back to stay with us. I hope you will come back again soon!
Okish hotel. Some things have been updated but the interiors could do with a revamp. Shower painfully slow even after prompt attention from the maintenance man. Brilliant place for surfers I would imagine.
We had originally booked at the PB Surf Beachside Inn, but the afternoon prior to our arrival I received a call from the front desk informing me we were being moved to the sister property a block away. I was not thrilled with the change as I had spent many hours pondering, looking at pictures, maps, and reviews on the internet before making the selection. When we arrived and saw the room, it was nice enough, but you could tell it was only halfway remodeled. There we obvious upgrades, nice BIG new TV, nice little fridge and microwave, however the old curtains were still up, and the floor was carpeted, not tiled. The bathroom was upgraded, but also unfinished, as the shower grout and chalking was not finished around the bottom....which allowed water flow out the shower, under the wall and into the carpet in the room. We discovered this as our socks got soaked as we walked into the bathroom across the soggy carpet.Front desk was very helpful. When we turned our TV on, there was no cable. When we called the front desk, she cheerfully came down and immediately found the problem, the cable was not plugged into the TV. She also told us to let management know about the leaky shower when we checked out...which we did, and they got us a reasonable discount.The location is superb! It's a couple minutes walk to the beach, and there is a nice grassy park above the beach on the little bluff with great views. Many reasonably priced restaurants in walking distance.We will be back, and hope to get a fully finished room...at which point the review will be 4 or 5 instead of 3!Of course, we would love to receive a 5! But, I do understand your issues, and I believe I met you while I was picking up some paperwork at the desk. Please just give me a call the next time, and we'll make sure you get a fully renovated room! Thank you! And, btw, we did take care of the issues you told us about! Thank you.
We travelled fron San Francisco to San Diego at similarly priced hotels and this is my first average review. The beach is beautiful and the location of the hotel is just one short block from the beach. You are charged for Wifi, the breakfast is pastry and coffee tea with creamora, the rooms are dated, and the air- conditioning is noisy. We just used the fan since the nights were cool to drown out the noise. I have stayed at other dated hotels with no air-conditioning, maybe I expected more. They did have complimentary parking and the bathrooms were clean. There was also a pool but when you have an ocean steps away, why botherYes, I guess a few of our rooms are dated, but they will all be new by this time next year, and we have already renovated about half. Each room is different when it comes to a/c noises, and we try to keep up with repairs for the big compressors we have located in our back alley. I hope you will try us again the next time you are here in San Diego. Also, our rates are very competitive in the off-season. Thank you!
The location of this place is what makes it worth the stay. It's close to the beach and lots of restaurants within walking distance. Mission street is a block away. The rooms were decent but the bathrooms were rundown. The worst part was a weird smell that came from the rug. It made the whole place feel dirty. Also, you have to pay for wifi. It's worth the stay if you are not planning on spending too much in your room.Thank you for your comments. We are planning to renovate the remainder of our rooms very soon, thus eliminating the old carpets that could no longer be serviced. We hope to see you again soon.
Hotel is good for a very short stay. I had a partial view of the beach which was good. I was 1/2 block from the beach. I was 1 block from the main st Mission ave and several blocks from the main drag where all the shops and restaurants are. Found a cute coffee shop as I needed a real meal with fruit which was not available at the hotel. This cute shop in a house is called Cafe 976 and has Gluten free items. It is on 976 Felspar st. Cross mission 1 block to Felspar and then turn right, then walk about 5 blocks. You can't miss it. I wish my room had a table. It had a huge lounge chair too big. There was also some water leakage from the shower which had damage the lower door area. I thought i saw traces of mold but I tried not to think about that. I made a note of it when I checked out. The bed was very comfortable. The TV worked ad the workers pleasant and helpful. They might add fruit to their breakfast bar, after all its Califormia!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Pacific Shores has the nearby beach going for it. That said, if you want to be more centrally located to the main San Diego area you may be disappointed here. It is just off of Pacifc Beach which is directly North of Mission beach. They are both just North of Mission Bay and Sea World. That means they are also well North of the San Diego harvour area, the downtown and Blaboa Park. We found the drive to Sea World to be easy with routes to Mission Bay right down Mission Boulvard or over Grand Street to Ingrahm Ave. We tried the beach both off of the motel at pacific beach and down near Belmont Park on Mission beach. The Mission beach area is a little better for kids. Both are well patroled by lifeguards and the ocean surf is warm and fun to play in. We spent three nights at Pacific Shores. The motel is going through some growing pains with upgrading going on. One afternoon after returnign from the beach we were kept oput of returnign to our room while maintenance was replacing a light switch with sensor switch. This was late in the afternoon at a time when they should expect the guests may want to return to thier rooms. The timing was bad. The last night we spent the smoke alarm batery gave out around midnight and the device began emitting loud alarms. A call to thew dsk brought someont tot eh room aroun 1:00AM, We had to small boys with us trying to sleep. The man replaced the bsattery in the smoke dector and wehn away. A hald horu later it began letting off a short blast every hour or so for the rest of the night! We has a restless night and the kids were not happy. Complaining to the manager lead to the expalnation that the battery was probably not put in properly, sorry about that. No adjustment was offered on our rate but he did say if we come back again to call him and he would give us a better rate next time. Overall while the location may be out of the way to some we enjoyed the proximity of the beaches, the overall casual atmosphere of the area. The motel manager also mentioned that upgrades are planned to replace the pool area and improve the overall motel. The cost is reasonable, the weather is always great and if that darn smoke alarm goes off put the battery in yourself!
I had booked at this hotel for 2 nights. I arrived to check in and was told that there was no reservation in my name (even though I had the confirmation number showing the reservation) and that the hotel was fully booked . The clerk tried blaming it on the booking company and then told me I should have booked through the hotel directly and that it was my fault for using a booking company. However I'm prerty sure the hotel jusy over booked on purpose. She didn't offer me any help at all so my 3 kids and I were stranded in an unfamiliar town with no where to go and a dying cell phone. She didn't offer any apology nor did she offer to call other hotels to help us find a room or offer any kind of information about where to go. Worst customer service ever. Stupidly small parking lot (that does not look safe at all). I would avoid this hotel!!!! We ended up going to a hotel close to this one (Pacific View Inn.....NOT to be confused with the Pacific Shores Inn)....even though that hotel was full too, the man working there took the time to help me out and made some great suggestions. I do apologize for the mistake of my hotel and your reservation. I will stress the importance of taking care of every person, whether a guest or not. I will use these comments in my next training meeting. Thank you for letting me know about your experience.
We stayed at PSI for 3 nights in Premium room 33. The view from the room was spectacular even though it was partial ocean view but it was so soothing to sea the ocean and waves from your bed.Theres a table and chairs outside the room to enjoy the view while having tea/coffee. The hotel is just a minute walk to the beach and few minutes from the pier. The breakfast was just ok with muffins, croissants, tea, coffee and juices , just for takeaway as theres no place to sit and eat. The only thing that sucked was the WiFi . It really took hours to connect. Overall its a nice place to stay. Would stay again if they improve the WiFi quality and the breakfast.
the room was good, smelt very strongly of bleach when we first arrived, but I guess that means they were cleaning!! Loved the location, so convenient to the beach, a lovely walk along the oceanfront to the pier and lots of restaurants and supermarkets close by. Loads of parking,but didn't really need the car once we were there.Thank you, Michael. Your review was very nice and I'm really glad you enjoyed your stay with us. We are in the process of updating our first section of rooms again this fall, so everything should be very fresh. I hope you willl stay with us again.
My family and I have stayed at this hotel three times now. Each time we are quite pleased. It is an exceptional value given how close it is to the beach and other San Diego amenities. The front desk staff is top notch, friendly, courteous and helpful. Special commendation to Jim Silver (GM), Alpha, Daniel and Oscar.Thank you for staying with us a number of times!! We are happy that you keep returning to stay with us. We never take it for granted that you will come back, so we try to keep our service up to a standard that hopefully anyone would want to stay. Thank you, again! We hope to see you soon!
Stayed in room with kitchenette, 2 doubles and sofa sleeper. Quite roomy, cute with patio set on balcony outside room. Can walk down to beach, within 1 block away. Numerous restaurants, shops within walking distance also. Continental breakfast scant, with coffee and sweets, but only negative I experienced there. Kitchen had full size stove and fridge. Easy drive to seaworld and maritime museum. Unfortunately weather was cold and rainy during our 3 days there, so put a damper on our visit. Didn't get to see as much as we wanted to. We loved the maritime museum and harbor cruise and my boys couldn't get enough of the USS Midway museum! I would definately return to this nice little inn!
We had a quick weekend concert in San Diego and decided to stay at the Ramada based on its proximity to the venue and price. The staff here are incredible. They're friendly and helpful beyond the norm. Our room was extremely clean, quiet and had a hot tub! The whole stay was extremely enjoyable and we will stay here again when we return to San Diego.We always appreciate when one of our valued guests takes the time to provide us with feedback. It is particularly gratifying when a guest, such as yourself, acknowledges the efforts of our amazing team! We at Ramada Limited San Diego/Near SeaWorld, make every effort to give our guests a comfortable and pleasurable experience during a stay with us. We are happy to know that you were so pleased with all aspects of your recent visit and we look forward to seeing you again soon! Thanks so much!
This older hotel is in a great location, close to shopping, beaches, and other attractions. Lots of places to eat nearby. The hotel staff were friendly and very responsive and we loved the free parking! The rooms have been recently remodeled and were clean and spacious. Recommend the hotel purchase and install blackout curtains for the rooms to block outside lights that shine into the rooms. Also, there are no elevators to the second floor rooms. We would definitely stay at this hotel again.It is wonderful to hear you enjoyed your recent stay with us here at Ramada Limited San Diego! We are glad you found our accommodations to be clean, comfortable and ideally located in the city. Our staff is always available to help and is dedicated to ensuring our guests' needs are met. We appreciate your high regard and compliments! Thank you for the suggestion on the blackout curtains. We will keep this in mind during future updates. It would be a pleasure to see you again during any future visits to the area!
I loved my stay here! Friendly staff, rooms were clean, and it's right next to some of the best restaurants. It isn't far from the beach either. John referred us to many great places and was a big help. We are thrilled to hear you loved your stay! Thank you for choosing Ramada Limited San Diego during your recent travels.It is always great when our team members receive recognition for their hard work and friendly demeanor. Your kind words will be passed along!Come back any time!
Staff was friendly and out going. Room was clean and received room service while out with the family. Very happy to have stayed at this place. Only thing i did not like was I could hear everything going on outside beyond closed doors as it woke me up each time I heard someone speak or doors slammed. Perhaps better insulation would help with that issue. Other than that, everything else was great! Thanks for a good stay! It was a pleasure hosting you and your family during your recent travels to San Diego! We hope you had the chance to enjoy some of the sights and attractions our city has to offer. Your encouraging words to our friendly staff members will be shared with the team to ensure they receive your recognition. Thank you for choosing our conveniently located accommodations for your stay and for taking the time to let us know how we are doing. It saddens us to know anything was less than perfect and you experienced some high noise levels. During your next visit to the area, we hope to be given the chance to better accommodate you and ensure you receive the restful night you deserve. Once again, thank you for choosing Ramada Limited San Diego.
we arrived at 11 am with confirmation from our booking agent that clearly states an early check in at 9.30am. there was no room for us, but the receptionist did say she would get a cleaner on to a room straight away. we looked around for a seat, there was a sofa that had stains all over it, we choose a table with cereals and other crumbs on it, it was the best table available in there. after an hour of waiting the receptionist lunch was delivered by a local takeaway, which she ate and had a soda to wash it down after 2 hours of waiting and no refreshments offered we were told our room was ready. it was a room that I had seen the cleaner clean when we first arrived, she had cleaned two more since that room but we were kept waiting. it was a strange room, your bathroom had a shower and toilet the sink was in the kitchen area which double up as a kitchen sink. the next day we went to checkout and the same receptionist was working, I went to hand in my key but was kept waiting while she was putting polish on her finger nails, while we waited for her, we spoke to another couple who were sat on the same table we sat the day before, they also had confirmation for an early check in but no room was ready. finally all the receptionist nails were done and she took our key . there was no goodbye, thank you, how was your stay.....nothing. we would not recommend this hotel to anyone. we have even told our travel agent how bad it was and they have said that they just went by the Ramada name brand.....well we wont be staying at that hotel next time we visit san diegoComments from our guests are extremely appreciated as they allow us to better understand how we can improve our accommodations. We are very sorry to hear you experienced anything other than friendly and courteous service during your stay. Your report of the level of service you received upon arrival and departure, is alarming as our team is usually known for their professional and helpful attitudes. This issue will be addressed immediately. Your feedback will be used as a training opportunity. It is our hope that you will consider staying with us again so we can deliver the experience you were expecting. Thank you for sharing your feedback with us.
We had a great stay at this hotel mostly due to the great location. There were restaurants, fast food and market within walking distance. My family had many rooms and we had many kids and the staff was very nice to them. The continental breakfast was perfect and the rooms were very clean. All the rooms had a fridge and microwave. Thanks to all the staff for the enjoyable stay.
Angel was knowledgeable about the city and provided us with tons of advice. The room was pretty nice and clean. Heard they got a remodel and we really enjoyed it. Grocery store was right around the corner, room had a fridge, and we got a 50points to use LIFT (which were also great people). Only thing was a random tear in the curtain everything else was perfect.Lynn,It is delightful to hear that our accommodations met and fulfilled your expectations. We are happy to know our team also contributed to the value of your stay. Our staff member appreciate your recognition of their friendly and helpful service. The next time you find yourself in San Diego, we hope you consider staying with us!
This is old hotel located on a loud main road. Don't look for a good nights sleep here because of the noise from cars racing up and down the street. Other noise makers were the garbage truck is there at 7:00 am and someone was running a jack hammer around the same time. The curtain was ripped. Trim limbs falling on cars. The pastries for the continental breakfast were stale and only bananas were there for the fruit. Coffee taste like old motor oil.Dear Janet,Thank you for taking a moment to provide your valuable feedback. We would like to apologize that your stay did not meet your expectations or our standards. We are truly sorry the outside noise level was distracting. We will certainly look into your concerns regarding breakfast and the parking lot tree limbs as our goal is to provide each guest with a safe and enjoyable experience. Again, thank you for your time and feedback.
It's close to the airport and easy to get to without much traffic if you know what you're doing. Clean enough for most folks. Free parking. Flat screen TV, microwave, fridge, internet worked well. Free breakfast included regular and decaf coffee, juices, pastries, cereal, 2 milk, muffins, bagels, hot water for tea and toaster waffles. Very good Mexican fast food across the busy street.please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response by continuing to focus on making each and every guest experience the best it can be. On behalf of the Front Desk and Management we thank you very dearly for taking your valuable time to write this great review. We would like you to know that it is our pleasure to serve our guest and we really appreciate getting positive feedback on our hard work. Please come visit us again in order to enjoy every new improvement that is made on a daily basis, we promise to make your visit more enjoyable with every stay.Again, thank you for completing our survey and if I can be of assistance to you, don't hesitate to contact me directly at 619 225 1295.
Great accommodating staff at the front desk. We had a very specific need for a first floor room and they bent over backwards to make it happen for us when the hotel was basically already full of folks already checked-in. Great shower and super clean, modern room.
Remodeled rooms were a pleasant surprise, Very inexpensive hotel with good wifi. Very close to Old Town, the Hotel Circle loop, and the Murph.The only challenge is the parking, the hotel is a horse shoe with parking within the horse shoe, seems like all spots are compact spots so very tight.
Parking is a serious issue there, we came back and had no parking due to stupid people taking up two parking areas, areas are extremely small as it was, night manager got busy to fix the problem, my suggestion is that each spot be numbered to the room, night manager moved his motorcycle so I could park a brand new car (week old) but my son in law had to crowd into a small area due to stupid stupid people, the next morning I learned that if there is an event across the street people park in your lot, no one should be parking there except paying customers!!!!!!! No customer should be inconvenienced at all either!!!!!! We left Bay Inn Suites up the street since it looked like a Motel 6 thrown up, that was totally misleading internet information. Again, no one should have to deal with parking their car when they are paying customer ever. Let's clean it up especially around the area by some type of vending machine or something, pretty trashy there so that next time I come it looks 100 better.We are very grateful of your feedback. Thank you for staying with us during your recent trip to San Diego.We apologize for the parking issues you experienced and we will take your suggestions into consideration. Unfortunately as we are located in a central location of such a busy city, parking is often hard to find. Many other properties in the area have begun charging a fee for parking as a solution to this dilemma. With that being said, we agree that our guests should not have trouble finding parking while staying at our accommodations. We are glad our night manager was able to help out but we will continue searching for a solution to this. We hope you consider staying with us again.
Clean, but otherwise unappealing. Terrible indoor lighting. Room was recently updated, but some old features were left in place.Hello and thank you for sharing your review on our Hotel. I am glad to read that you found the cleanliness of the rooms, met your expectations. Our house keeping team works very hard to make sure the rooms are in the best conditions for all of our guests. I would like to thank you for your business and I hope we get the opportunity to host you again.
I would not recommend this hotel to anyone .. Room was not clean .doors were creaking. beds not comfy.. water in the sink was so poor that it takes minutes to get brush . very bad
Come here when I have business in San Diego. Great staff, nice clean rooms, and around a lot of restaurants. Have yet to have anything remotely close to a problem here! Nice place! We're pleased to hear you've only had good experiences at Ramada Limited San Diego/Near SeaWorld! Our friendly staff works hard to ensure you are welcomed to clean, comfortable rooms and a stress-free atmosphere. It's good to know our location, near a lot of shops and dining, works well for you. We hope this means you'll be back soon. Happy travels!
I was very pleased with the room we stayed in. It was clean and updated. We had a microwave, fridge and table in our room. The staff was very friendly and helpful. There are parrots right outside your door which are fun to watch. This hotel is located in close proximity to Sea World and several beaches. We had a blast and would definitely recommend. Dear Conniet,We are delighted your recent stay with us provided you with such a great experience and are appreciative of your 5-star rating! We take pride in providing our guests with friendly customer service, clean, comfortable accommodations, and special amenities to make their stay with us a memorable experience. We hope we will have the opportunity to have you and your family back as our guests again in the future!
I had a great experience here. The staff were friendly and gave us different attractions to do that were close by. The room was great. My reservations stated we would have a view but we didn't but that was fine because we didn't have the window open. When we go back to Sea World next year we will book this hotel again. The internet was a little slow but that was okay.It was our pleasure to serve you during your stay at the Ramada Limited San Diego/Near SeaWorld. We apologize for any miscommunication with regards to your room with a view, but we are pleased to know that our helpful staff, comfortable accommodations, and many area attractions made for a wonderful experience during your trip. It's great to hear you will be booking your stay with us next year for your trip back to Sea World. We look forward to seeing you then, and thank you for the five-star review!
On arrival looked like regular motel that could use upgrading. The bed in the room had stained pillows and the phone did not work. We reported the problem at the front desk and were given a new room which appeared to be newly painted with a wooded floor (very nice). We were on the second floor (recommended) as lot of street noise and parking lot. Only problem with second floor lots of stairs. The employees were very helpful and friendly.The location is a bus stop away from seaworld and there are fast food and restaurants within walking distance. Uper and lyft available also taxi. I would stay again if in area.Long walk to storesJames, We always appreciate the chance to make our guests feel more comfortable during their stay thus, we thank you for notifying our front desk of the issues you encountered in your first room. We are delighted to know we were able to improve your stay with our helpful and friendly service. It is exciting to hear we may receive the privilege of hosting you again. Once again, thank you for your kind compliments! During any future stays, we hope you will always let us know if there is anything we can do to ensure you have the best stay possible.
This property is a good deal for the price. Room was larger and nicer than it looks in pics and was clean. The only problem with this place is the parking is limited and spots that are available are harder to get into. I would definitely stay here again.Thank you for choosing Ramada Limited San Diego/near SeaWorld for your recent visit. Our parking lot is more for your compact cars, so when a truck from worker stays with us it can throw off the spacing. We are continuing to explore what we can do to create more room for the vehicles . Thank you for your feedback. We hope you choose us again for your next visit.regardsBen
Checking in was fast and easy the room was nice and had a modern look to it they definitely need to have better (cleaner) towels and please upgrade your Tvs the one in room 128 had no remote and when I report it they could not fixes the problem .Dear Gerardo, We appreciate you sharing your experience with us. It's great to hear that checking in was so efficient and easy. We'd like to apologize for any inconvenience you encountered with our TV. Although we regret that were unable to rectify the situation at the time, we are working on correcting it. Your comments regarding our towels will also be mentioned to our housekeeping staff, in order to maintain our high cleanliness standards. They are more than happy to assist with these matters when notified. That being said, We're very glad that you enjoyed your room's modern dcor. Your constructive feedback enables us to improve, and we'd love an opportunity to make your next stay even better.
Very nice room, very clean, very close to eating establishments, close drive to any and everywhere.
Clean rooms, great services, wooden floor is 100 nicer than nearby hotels at the same price level. The bed was more comfortable than expected.
The people were nice. Service was great! Would like a little more variety for breakfast but it was good. I liked that the room was very clean and had wooden floors. The outside doesn't look that great but the stay was good and it was comfortable.Thank you for choosing Ramada Limited San Diego/Near SeaWorld. We are so happy to hear that our service was a hit! It is our belief that every guest deserves the very best of our awesome city. When you are searching for another great value here in the area, look no further than us!
I used to live in San Diego and remember this area as filled with street walkers. I'm glad to report that the area has been cleaned up. The motel is very nice and comfortable. I like the tile floors. WiFi is speedy. Free breakfast is cereal and pastries.Welcome back to San Diego! It sounds like things have changed for the better. We are glad you trusted our accommodations to provide you with the comfort you were seeking. It is great to know our WiFi worked appropriately and you had a chance to take advantage of our complimentary breakfast. Thank you for sharing your positive comments with us and we hope to see you again during your next trip back to San Diego.
Stayed one night in this hotel recently. Excellent location (10 minutes to San Diego Zoo, 15 to Gaslamp). Very friendly gentleman working at the front desk upon check in. Provided lots of information and suggestions on where to visit in the area. For the price it is fine, but I would not recommend staying more than one night. The rooms were updated recently which is a plus.On the minus side, be sure to request a 2nd floor room. We were on the first floor, and heard every single step from the people above us. Nothing but booms and rumbling. Must not be a lot of insulation between the ceiling, and the floor in the above room.Glad to hear you enjoyed our convenient location to various attractions and entertainments in the San Diego area! It's always wonderful to hear that our of our team members were able to make your stay better by providing you with helpful and friendly service. Thank you for your kind words in regards to our recently renovated accommodations. We are very sorry to learn you experienced some noisy neighbors and we wish you would have let us know you were being disturbed. We appreciate your tip to future travelers. We would consider it a privilege to have you stay with us again and be able to provide you with another even better stay. Come back soon!
An older motel, but okay you get what you pay for. Drain in the sink ran very slowly. No remote for TV. Leak in lobby. Hello and thank you for taking the time to share your review. I am sorry to hear that your stay with us was anything other than great. Thank you for your business.
leaky toilet, remote didn't work, promised high speed Internet not at all available. Manager blamed Cox after desk clerk had me speak with someyahoo techie in New Jersey who I couldn't even understand. Smelly rooms.Construction all over. Noisy air conditioner that wouldn't cycle properly. Butthe good news Could see fireworks from nearby Seaworld.
We were greeted by the front desk when we arrived 3 hours prior to our check in. We were treated with respect. She guided us where we can have meals and stored our luggage. The rooms were given as early as it was ready. Loved that the room did not have carpets for allergy sufferers. Clean room. Close to Sea world and Old town. Loved the stay. Here at the Ramada Limited San Diego/Near SeaWorld, we love to accommodate! We're delighted that you got to experience the extraordinary hospitality of our team. As you noted, our location is perfect for taking in the sights of San Diego, and it is great to hear that you took advantage. Thank you for the five-star review, and we hope to see you again soon!
I would not recommend walking in the room barefoot, I tried my feet always needed to be washed before bed. We did appreciate the free bottled water each day, much better than trying to go through TSA. :)Glad you enjoyed our extra detail of including water bottles for our guests. Thank you for sharing your experience with us and for choosing Ramada Limited San Diego. We apologize that you had to wash your feet before bed and we will look into changing our cleaning products to ensure they are not leaving residue on the floor. We would love to host you again during any future visits to San Diego!
They've updated their rooms so it's brand new everything and also the bathroom is nice and spacious and clean. The price to me was reasonable per night. I'll definitely be staying again!!! Also, the have free breakfast in the morning. The guy at the front desk was so polite and very down to earth which made this an easy experience.
We were advised well in advance of our stay that there would be a power outage. We decided to stay anyway since we would only be sleeping. We were provided with push lights upon check in. Very clean room! The wood look tile was a welcome change from dingy carpet.Many thanks for your kind review of Ramada Limited San Diego/Near SeaWorld! Our team believes in being proactive and we glad you felt our advance preparation for the power outage was quite professional. With that said, it's great to know that our immaculate accommodations and tile floors met your expectations for a pleasant stay. Your thoughtful praise means a great deal to us and we'd love you to visit us again.
We stayed for three nights in late July 2015. Rooms have been recently renovated and are nice, though beds were a bit hard and squeaky. The continental breakfast was not fancy but good quality and selection, and there is an outdoor patio upstairs (insider tip) with 5 or 6 little tables and maybe a dozen chairs that made for a chill start to our pleasant mornings. The front desk staff was very helpful with suggestions and directions, and check in / out was easy. A good value, not fancy but not bad. I'd stay there again.
I booked this hotel because it had decent reviews and the price was cheap. The things I liked was mainly the location. It was very close to nearby attractions such as Sea World and Mission Beach. There were also markets and stores nearby if you need any essentials. I also enjoyed nearby places to eat that were local eats at reasonable prices. Another plus was that I was able to get 2 queen beds at the same price as 1 King. Also, no charge for parking.I didn't like how the towels were stained and dirty. The room was musty and the AC unit was under the window so whenever the fan was blowing, the curtains would fly up. The breakfast was minimal with different breads and pastries and bananas.Thank you for choosing to stay with us during your recent visit to San Diego. We consider all guest feedback to be an opportunity to improve and we really appreciate that you took the time to share your thoughts. We agree that we are ideally located near SeaWorld and other attractions and entertainments. We strive to provide our guests with clean, comfortable accommodations at an affordable price. We apologize that upon arrival you found your room to be musty. We encourage our guests to let us know if they have any issues while they are staying with us so we can ensure to make the appropriate amends. In the future, we hope you choose to stay with us again and give us the chance to provide a wonderful experience.
Traveling with a two teens for beach time and concert at the Observatory. A straight shot to the beach from the motel, restaurants not walking distance, but short trip by car. Central to all that the area offers. The rooms are clean, comfortable beds w/lovely linens. Little scrimpy on the bath products, but no problem asking for more. We were... More
I liked this hotel for its excellent location, its right on the beach, has a pier extending into the lake and has a beachfront Restaurant. The views of the lake and surrounding mountains from the hotel and beach are incredible. Also there is Safeway( grocery store) right across the hotel and nearby there are several restaurants. What I didn't like... More
It's located right on the lake and across from a Safeway. The hotel has hammocks for their guests, great for just hanging out. The hotel is walking distance to a lot of restaurants. We dined at the Boathouse and the Tavern. Boathouse worth it, Tavern meh.
A very nice room. Quiet with a lake view. We appreciated that there were two restaurants, so we didn't have to get in our car to go anywhere. The bed was very comfortable. We enjoyed our stay and would definitely come back. I liked the balcony and fireplace.These were nice added touches.
Great Hotel, great staff. Staff was friendly helpful, cared about our business satisfaction wanting to make it the best possible. Hotel is right on the beach for relaxing location, but perfectly located near casinos, shopping restaurants. Room was clean spacious, all amenities were present that could be asked for even tho we never turned on tv,... More
Jeremy at the front desk was great. He was warm and welcoming after our long drive, got us into a great room quickly, and had some helpful tips. The room was nice with a small balcony and a view of the lake and pier. There was a nice fireplace too. The Boathouse was great. It is our favorite place to... More
OVerall location and hotel stay was very good, everything was excellent other than following. Building is little old so you can here people walking on the floor above you and I couldnt use any of the public area in this hotel as this hotel doesnt prohibit smoking in public area so if you have kids and dont want to expose... More
Location wise this place is perfect. But rooms were small,walking areas and elevator also very small. Front counter service was good. Staff was helpful.Pet friendly hotel. Bit pricey compare with the other hotels in a same area. Rooms does not have microwave or refrigerator .
Great Location! King bed room was very nice with fireplace. Clean grounds and room. Comfy bed. Starbucks coffee in rooms. Short walk to the beach. They do have two restaurants. Easy check in. We will stay again.
Overall the hotel was fairly nice and had very good access to the beach. The room was a bit small and the shower was tiny. The room was well decorated and the hotel staff were very friendly. I would stay here again. There was a sock found in the corner of our room upon arrival which may indicate the room... More
We were fortunate to have an occasion to stay a night at the Beach Retreat Lodge at Tahoe. When you can throw a stone from the property into Lake Tahoe, you've found the right location. We were greeted by a polite and professional staff who made out check-in a breeze. Our room was fairly small but it was very... More
Not worth the price and the room is the size of a closet, and just horrible maintenance, dents on the doors, Motel 6 would of been better. Don't ever ever stay there!!! And the front desk is no help you have to goto the bar to get ice in your ice bucket
This hotel is a hidden gem in S. Lake Tahoe. Very helpful, friendly staff. Hotel is just steps to the beach. The Tavern was good for nachos, hamburgers, etc. The Boathouse was on the pier with a wonderful view of the sunset over the lake!
This was our first stay at Lake Tahoe. The location was excellent. We enjoyed the beach access. It was nice to be able to walk out your room and on the beach to watch the sunset every evening. We also liked being able to rent kayaks and stand up paddle boards right there at the beach. The rooms are modest... More
My husband and I stayed at the Beach Retreat during the Christmas holidays in 2015. This was our second visit to this resort, and I have to say we enjoyed our stay even more than the first visit (although I didn't think it was possible). Our room was once again immaculate! After a great workout on the slopes, it was... More
Perfect location great food staff is wonderful very kind and will to go the extent mile with in walking distance of shopping beautiful view of the lake from balconies. Beach bar is a nice touch restraint over the water perfect for sunset dinner
Staff was ok,nothing special. Our room was cute and cozy. I loved the fireplace and that we had beach access from our back door. Overall it was a nice relaxing place that I will definitely be back to enjoy.
This place was great.. relaxing.. and kid friendly also. My family and I enjoyed out time there and it was really a lot of fun. The food was excellent and it was all very well priced. My family and I will be back during the summer months.
If you wanna be on the Lake, near Heavenly and bring your dog this is THE place! We didn't want to leave our dog behind at 40/day...and this hotel afforded us to bring her and with the charge...it's pretty break even. We were on the ground floor and our Fireplace had problems-guy had to come and light it and put... More
Great host. Good security measure. Have elevator. Clean and newly renovated room. Cheap motel in the city. Near to bus stop heading to fishermen's wharf. Walk-able distant to City hall and other attractions.Wifi may not work during peak hours ie 7pm-12am but very smooth in early morning or midnight. No aircon, so you have to open the window for fresh air. Some noise from gangs and traffic maybe heard but it didnt greatly affect our sleeping quality.If you are going to the motel from Civic center Bart station, try to avoid Hyde,Larkin and Polk street and use Van Ness Ave to avoid homeless and the smell of pee.
This was a very inexpensive hotel my coworker and I booked, not knowing the status of the area.The staff was friendly, which helps when realizing what sort of neighborhood it's located in.The pros: it's a cheap hotel, the Bart transit subway is not too far of a walk. Busses are on all surrounding streets. You're surrounded by many different restaurants of all varieties of ethnic and American foods.The rooms are large and the beds are comfy. The room thermostats don't work well so good luck with controlling your room temperature.Ice machine is in the garage but easy to get to.The ConsElevators are slow.The rooms are extremely thin so, if you don't mind noise and traffics orchestras, then you're good. Don't book here if you want silence or scenic views.It's an area of vagrants, homeless, and transients that may make you wary of wanting to wander around in the evenings. It didn't bother me but I could see it for those who can't handle it.I can sleep through anything so, I was at home.The WIFI works and I've not had problems doing work. Hot water is great when taking a shower.If I had a choice to stay here again, I'm might, but make it the last resort.Walgreens is only a block up to get last minutes sundries. Several coffee shops are available, and there are close nearby markets to get beer or cigs.None of the vagrants ever bothered me and I did not feel unsafe like a few of the other reviews I've read prior to booking.I did feel that this hotel can be better if the owners took some money and time to repaint, upgrade the plug in outlets, and added some affordable bathroom upgrades. More importantly, you're in SF, let this place be where you sleep, and enjoy the wonderful city.:)
The people who run this place couldn't be nicerThey explained exactly which areas to avoid after dark, and what we need to see in SFFollowing the lady's advice, we had a great timeNo rooms were on the ground floor and there were security measures for lift access, so we had no qualms about securityThe room was impeccably clean, and we even witnessed them changing the sheets before the second night of our stayLack of A/C was a bit of a problem as it was unusually hot during our stay, but that shouldn't be an issue most of the timeBed was comfortable, shower was excellent, and they give you lovely soapWe discovered a great place for breakfast - the Olympic Flame CafeIt's about a 10-minute walk towards Union SquareWalk to Geary Street and take a right. The cafe is on the right, opposite the Adagio Hotel (fancy architecture) a couple of blocks before Union Square
San Francisco is ridiculously expensive city for accommodation. We picked this hotel based upon its price within TA. Its an easy walk from the Bart Station but walk up Polk St!It is in a sketchy area of San Fran. Polk St during the day is fine and you should be ok using Van Ness at night (we were on several occasions). There is also a CVS and Walgreens up Van Ness for basics. No rooms on ground floor and the elevator is the only way up and only staff can buzz you in the door to use the elevator so you are completely safe.Rooms basic. Very basic but clean although a refurbishment would be good. Theres an Ice machine and esky/cooler that you can use free of charge to take to your room. Wifi worked ok. Limited airflow in rooms since no air con or fan. Had to ask front desk for a fan and they seemed a little offended to be honest.You will hear all kinds of stuff at night from further down in the Tenderloin but you will sleep fine. For the price it is kind of a rough deal compared to basically anywhere else in the world, hence the rating. But for San Francisco at a budget rate, its ok for afew nights.
I spent 3 nights in this hostel, it's grand if you just want to lay your head down for a couple of hours. But you wouldn't want to spend a lot of time in your room. The place is very smelly, our rooms stank. It is in a very good location, everything you need is just around the corner. There is a free bar in the hostel, but it only lasts for about an hour so you may only get one beer and if your lucky two (small can of Budwiser). it's very very basic. You can tell the bed sheets are a good few years old. I wouldn't stay there again if i am honest.
Norman Bates fundo este sitio, seguro. Sucio y ruidoso, si, es un hostel, pero he estado en muchos y este se lleva la palma en sentido negativo, por suciedad, organizacin, etc. Solo merece la pena su ubicacin, que si que es realmente buena.
If you want to simulate what your life would be like if you were captured by a band of terrorists and the room you would get, then you cannot beat this hostel. The front desk and kitchen/common area are clean and staffs are helpful and courteous. The elevator is kinda old and interesting too, be sure to check that out. You can also meet fellow inmates whom you can make friends.Rooms and stairway are small, squeaky and smelly, and lights works half of the time, just as in horror movies. Washroom have no toilet paper and toilet may lack flushing lever/button. If you are lucky you can find one that had both but have no lightbulb so you must take a dump in the dark. Shared shower for men have plenty of hairs and body tissues, with not a drop of running water...maybe the shared shower for females had better luck.In term of value then I would still recommend this hostel, because front desk services are good, and that you should not whine about living experience when you pay below average in SF.
We are now towards the end of our CA holiday. After staying in quite a few hostels now unfortunately this one wasn't the best of the bunch. But as you will read from the countless other reviews it serves a purpose. Its cheap (comparatively), central location, and has lots of communal space.We had a 4 person room without an ensuite. There was only 1 shower on each floor so plan your showering time accordingly. Despite the ageing building everything was kept clean by the staff.We had a constant water trickling noise in our room from pipes behind a wall. As with most hostels, ear plugs are essential. Also despite there being no visible heat source in the room, at night it was crazy hot.
We were woken up in the middle of the night by the radiator which was scalding hot and hissing. When we complained to staff they were disinterested, and carelessly moved us into a different room, it took them 3 attempts to find us a room without the same problem. When we spoke to the manager in the morning to ask for some sort of compensation for being put in a room with a dangerous radiator, and for being moved 3 times in the middle of the night, she nonchalantly informed me that this is what you get for 20 and they have a no refund policy. This is not my understanding of a no refund policy. Please don't waste your money here. The toilets don't even have sinks.
My partner booked us a twin bed room thinking it was the San Francisco Hostel International. What a mistake! We were given an incredibly squeaky (aka you can't roll over without waking up the whole floor including yourself) single bunk bed with stained mattresses. There was also some kind of unidentified matter smeared across the wall which could have easily been cleaned if they could be bothered. The bathrooms, halls etc we're all equally filthy.We asked to be changed into a twin bed room (as we had booked) or a double and we're constantly fobbed off by each staff member. Each would tell us to come back and speak to them again in x hours (when their shift had finished). When we went back they would be gone and it would start again. This also included the manager. I understand this place is closing in a few months (my guess is due to being shut down by health and safety) and as a result the staff do not care in the least. If you have another option then take it. And before you think this person sounds like a prude or is being precious I have stayed in probably 100 hostels allover the world and this is by far the worst. It also really affected our holiday in San Fran as there was no chance of sleep in the squeaky bunk bed. I note there are some decent reviews however most of them seem to be for the other hostel we tried to book (there ain't no waffles here!).You've been warned!!!
The one who checked me in doesn't know how to smile, the whole building is showing age, even the beds are showing age, the elevator hasn't been changed since they built the building, you will get a free pancakes if you wanna stand for half an hour and sometimes for more than that, bathrooms are not so clean, the lockers are located only on the first floor and you can use it if you have your own padlock, location is great,
We have traveled extensively prior, and have stayed at many hostels of similar price range, this one however, is a whole new experience for us. At the check in, the staff opened not with the availabilities of their facilities, but with the offer of free alcohol, every single day. What they didn't say, was that the staff themselves drank most of the free booze, and were hungover most of their shifts. The were more interested in sharing their drunken antics rather than providing any help to the customers. There was only one girl Billy who spoke English (and she's the least useful one out of them all), the rest of the staff spoke very little English and had trouble understanding us.The free alcohol turned lots of the hostel guests into violent drunks, who threw knives at each other in the kitchen whilst cooking.Hostel was extremely noisy and was impossible to sleep without earplugs. The mattress was creaky and filthy, and we didn't even dare to cover ourselves with their blankets, on which we had presumed was dried blood.
The room is small and hot. It was quite warm and stuffy in the room. It was old and run down. There is no individual bathroom for the room. However, this location is the dream. It is a 2min walk from Powell train station and 2min walk from Union Square. Close to many food places. It is approximately 30 min fast walk to Fishermans wharf or 10 min tram ride. The location is outstanding and I suppose you get what you pay for in that aspect. Wouls stay there again for a 1-2 night basis but any longer would not be ideal.
LOOK.. i have stayed in many places:This place is the WORST PLACE I HAVE EVER STAYED IN.IF you are a basic backpacker that does not care whatsoever about elemental hygene, and are planning to be absolutley drunk whilst here..then I recommend this place. However, if you are a normal human being and expect clean sheets, and not pubes stuck to walls and absolutley filthy carpet that trust me you can SMELL has NEVER BEEN CLEANED..and just a HORRID room full of bed bugs, then you will not want to stay here. Dont spend your money here. The people running this place would NEVER pass a health inspection..absolutley never. And i will be complaining. Because since I have been back I have had rashes all over my body. I just cant believe that people can get away with a place like this.try other hostels, we saw other nice ones whilst there. The bathrooms have full hairs in sink, and half eaten food everywhere..it was just a nightmare. ANY place should at least have clean sheets and not sheets filled with stains, and all different old sheets that had never been washed. A complete disguiting example of a hostel. Apalled. Oh and if you see good reviews..TRUST me its because the writers are proably backpackers (that are prob 16 and have never left home) and were absiolutley drunk and looking to party and they stayed here because they got free beer. BIG excitement..beer is like 5 bucks..go buy some and stay somwhere descent. Thats all
The hotel were helpful assisting us with questions before our stay, and we're happy to let us leave our car and luggage for the full day before checking in so that we could enjoy the day at Disney. The managers / owners () were really friendly and gave great service. The room was clean,spacious and modern with more facilities (fridge, coffee maker and microwave) than some 4 star hotels we stayed in on our trip. It was a 15-20 min walk to Disney which was really convenient and there is a shuttle bus which stops outside. I would happily recommend this hotel to family and friends
We stayed only one night at this hotel. It was clean, modern and comfortable. The lady at the front desk even allowed us to park in the car park well before check in so we could go to Disneyland. Recommended, would stay there again!
Only a 1 night stay and did not get to try amenities , bar , food etc. We had interconnecting rooms (2 queens and 1 king). Partial view of airport. At times we could hear planes but entire family had no issues sleeping. Rooms were...MoreIts such a pleasure to hear that you had a worry-free stay with us here at the Sheraton Gateway Los Angeles Hotel. Our proximity to LAX and our complimentary shuttle service to and from the airport make us a great choice to those with a...More
I used to stay at this hotel when I was a kid. This was my first time back in 25 years. They have updated the hotel. It is not a luxury hotel but very nice for a close to the beach and reasonably priced hotel. very laid back feeling in this area of town. We will definitely be coming back here to stay again
I stayed here for one night only, for business, however I would have been comfy for a whole week here. My room was on the 3rd floor and I could see my car from the balcony. Cool night air from the balcony sliding glass door was nice! The closet was twice as big as most hotel closets. The laundry room... More
Ok so the only good thing about this place is they allow our furry friends. the room is semi nice, hardwood floor. BUT THE WALLS ARE SUPER THIN! You can hear everything everyone so clear as if they're all in your room. So guess who got no sleep -- it wasn't just at night, it was in... More
This is the second time we have stayed here and it is even better than before. Don't be taken back by the fact it is connected to a bowling alley. I gave it 4 stars because it is clean, extremely comfortable, well updated, quiet rooms, and friendly, helpful staff. Their breakfast is the best I have had anywhere. The pool,... More
Highly recomended...awesome...best breakfast...close to everything...clean...great pool...staff is really friendly...work out area is big...they have a snack area...definetly the Best Best Western we have staid in...enjoy.We loved reading about your stay at the Best Western Canoga Park. Thanks for pointing out our comfortable accommodations. We are happy to know that your experience was excellent. It was our pleasure to serve you. Sincerely, Mireya
We arrived late weary from travel and the check in was nice. We ended up with a very nice room next to the pool, but unfortunately the pool (and weather) was way too cold for us to use while we stayed there, serious bummer for our youngest son. We did get to use the hot tub though. Breakfast was very nice with a very attentive staff member around while it was served. Only downfall besides the pool would be the confusing layout that caused us to get yelled at in the bar for our kids being in there, because we thought we were walking into a restaurant.Dear Heatherby292jk,We recognize that you have a choice of where to stay when you are away from home and we appreciate that you gave us a try. I greatly appreciate your comments about the breakfast and our staff members. We work hard to make our guests happy and appreciate your feedback, and we look forward to serving you again.Sincerely,Mireya
We stayed here with our 2 kids (8 year old twins) for a couple of nights because we were attending a wedding nearby. It is a nice motel that has been updated fairly well (except for the common hallways which are very 1970s). We had an updated room with two queens and it was clean and comfortable. It was not... More
Unfortunately, this Best Western was quite a disappointment. Luckily we were only here for one night on our way back home from a west coast rad trip. I completely understand the lobby is currently under construction, but the alternatives are not very clear. The check-in...MoreDear Alyssa A, Thank you for letting us know about the inconveniences that you encountered during your recent stay at our hotel. On behalf of our entire staff we apologize for the concerns you shared about your experience at this hotel. I have addressed your...More
Everything was fine but the best feature is the location to Old Sacramento. If you don't know the area, it could be a little bit hard to find this motel. We were there for the music festival they have each Memorial Day weekend.MoreDear Ronald M, Thank you for taking the time to complete our guest satisfaction survey and for rating our hotel so highly! We are also happy to hear that you found the location to be so convenient for your needs. Glad that we were able...More
After the long flight from Australia to San Francisco we caught the BART train to the Powell St Station. The hotel is an easy 5 minute walk from there. Staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and quiet. Handy location to the Powell Street Cable car and Union Square and plenty of great dining opportunities nearbyLoved our stay here and would definitely stay here again. Highly recommended.
I've actually stayed at this hotel twice and both times I didn't encounter any issues I received great customer service and clean rooms. The location of the hotel was perfect because it was about a 5-10 min walk from the Powell St. BART station. That made it really convenient to travel from SFO to the hotel and for only about 9. It is on the border of the Tenderloin area (which I guess is not the greatest area, lots of homeless people, kinda sketchy) and Union Square. When you exit the hotel to the right where Starbucks is, you are on the busier side where all the shops and restaurants are, and when you exit to the left where the valet parking is, its a lot less crowded and more homeless people. The room itself was small and cozy with a petite queen bed. The decor was nice and modern but still felt very welcoming and comfortable. The bathroom was really clean and had no issues there. Had plenty of hot water. I was on the 15th floor and you could still hear some street noise but it didn't really bother me enough to want to change rooms to a higher floor, but if that's something you know will bother you then maybe ask for the higher up floors beware though floors in the twenties are upgraded rooms and you will be charged. Housekeeping was friendly and kept the rooms clean and well stocked. Overall, I think this will be a base hotel for me when I travel to SF. It has everything that I need and location works for me. It is a little pricey but what decent clean hotel isn't in this city And yes, parking is expensive at 50/night, but then again it is in the city surrounded by other hotels who also charge an arm and a leg for parking. Oh yeah, it was great having Starbucks in the hotel so you can grab some breakfast and take it up to the room while getting ready.
We stayed at The Hotel Nikko SF from May31-June 3 2007 when we went to San fran for a friend's wedding.We chose this hotel for the great value it offered.Unlike the previous reviewer who had complaints about the bathroom and overall cleanliness of the room, our room which was on the 6th floor was kept clean at all times.The bed was very comfortable with plenty of pillows and we liked the plasma TV.We had a problem with the plumbing in the tub at one point but as soon as we notified the frontdesk, it was fixed right away.Our room did not include use of the pool and fitness area but when we wanted to take a 30min. swim in the pool and asked the front desk if they would waive the 10 fee, they obliged.Room service menu late night very limited and not freshly prepared but there is a 24hr Indian food rest. across the street which is pretty good from what i've heard.If we go to San Fran again, we would likely stay at the Nikko again.If you plan on renting a car, do not rent at the enterprise located in the hotel it is very expensive, go to the National/Alamo across the street, you'll get a better value
Pros: Hotel location 5 min walk to Union Square in a busy neighborhood. The view from my 19th floor hotel room was nice. The room fridge is small but they leave 1/2 of it empty so you can use it for your own bottled water or drinks. It is tiny though, you definitely can't store dinner or lunch leftovers in it. Just small things like fruit or a cupcake. For 20 per room per stay, you can access the fitness center and pool. The pool is heated and there is a small 5 person hot tub, sauna and steam room in the locker area. All of which are very clean. The fitness center is a decent size for a hotel fitness center and it's clean!!! I never had to wait for a treadmill or any other machine. The hotel room has a weight scale so you can check in on your weight, I give this a thumbs-up since I care about my weight while on a business trip. The hotel serves a complimentary glass of California wine at happy hour to hotel guests, which is a nice touch.Cons: I stayed here while attending a conference with 60,000 attendees so hotel prices were a premium everywhere in the city. My company paid 600 a night to stay at this hotel but it is definitely not worth 600/night. The room (1 King Bed) was tiny. There is a 15.95 charge for 24 hours of Internet. Ugh.Dear wandersfreely,Thank you for reviewing your stay at Hotel Nikko. We are so thrilled to hear that you took full advantage of our fitness center while on your business trip and that you were very impressed with the exercise and pool facilities. During busy weeks when all of the hotels in the city are impacted by huge events it is true that each hotel experiences a rise in price per night, but we hope that you were able to enjoy yourself anyways. Thank you for staying with us and we hope you come back and visit us again soon! Best Wishes, Marcia Striffeler
The hotel is well situated and very friendly staff. The breakfast was exceptional albeit expensive. We didn't have dinner at the hotel but the menu looked good. I don't understand why water is not included in the room charge like other hotels we stayed in throughout our US trip.Dear Sully333,Thank you very much for taking the time to review our hotel. I'm happy to hear you enjoyed your time with us. Our restaurant ANZU is incredibly good hopefully next time you visit us you will be able to dine there!We hope to welcome you back very soon!Sincerely,Danielle OrtegaDirector of Marketing
The hotel is in a great location for shopping around Union square and in walking distance to several areas of interest including China Town and the MOMA. It is very close to all modes of public transit (cable cars, street cars, buses and BART stations) and to many restaurants many of which were affordable and varied. Our room was quiet and clean and our bed was very comfortable with abundant pillows. We also felt the service was very good and friendly particularly the help desk to assist with any questions on getting around or restaurant suggestions. We were able to buy stamps to send some postcards, which the hotel took care of mailing. There is also some readily available lime and lemon water at the front entrance that we enjoyed when coming back from a long day of visiting.We managed to get a pretty good deal using Otel.com (about 157/night) for an otherwise pretty pricy 4 star hotel. We could have upgraded our room to a King bed for an extra 10/night which we did not opt for. I was expecting a bit more from a 4 star (although a first time for us), but do not have much negative aspects to point out as we had a very enjoyable stay. I would caution not to venture too far beyond Mason street (towards Terderloin) into sketchier areas with many beggers. The streets around the hotel and Union Square were fine to walk on even at night.It is true that it cost 20 to use the pool for the duration of your stay and about 7.5/15 mins to use the internet. However, we did not use these services. We did use some pay phones in the Business Center which allowed to make long-distance calls to Canada for 1-2 dollars for about 2 mins., which suited us just fine. We also did not try the Anzu restaurant which seemed delightful, although maybe a bit pricy. The Razz room seemed quite popular, but we did not catch any of the shows since none were of interest to us. We did see that same-day half-price tickets were available close by at Union Square most for the Razz room performances. The concierge service was very practical to allow us to leave our luggage and enjoy one more afternoon in the city before a late flight back home.
The location of this hotel is fantastic and the staff go above and beyond to make you feel welcome, starting with registration all the the way to housekeeping. I stayed here for a conference and the meeting facilities were also great. The food was to die for and it seemed like it was never ending! My room was on the 15th floor and was very comfortable. The king size bed was cozy and I enjoyed having the option of separate bath or shower. The only two things I wasn't that jazzed about was the room rate (400ish per night -- and that was discounted) and the decor seemed a bit dated. All in all it was a good experience and I would stay again!Dear KikiB228,I'm so glad to hear our staff took great care of you during your stay and that you enjoyed our hotel. :) Yes, San Francisco is expensive and I know the rates can sting a bit sometimes. If you come back to visit us check out our website as we have specials and packages that may offer better value to you! Thanks again for the great review and we hope to welcome you back again soon!Sincerely,Danielle OrtegaMarketing Manager
The Nikko is different its a calm smallish hotel 1 blk from UNION Sq ... this is out 4th stay and as usual we liked the location and the rates for rooms included parking and breakfast for 2 .... We did stay the weekend before Christmas so the rates were 350 for a deluxe two queen room. I like the service here, for when we checked in I asked to see if there was an upgrade ( 2 adults 2 small children) upon getting a yes for a bigger room for 60 additional a night I was fine, however upon entering the room it seemed it was the same size as the original booking , I did call and inquire , since I din not like the room upgrade the removed the charge and let me stay in the room .... My question was I really upgraded Either way the pool is great for the kids , the breakfast for free is a asian American buffet so you will be full and the parking ( with in and out ) is 50.00 which came with the room. We like the hotel for its not crowded even though its full. The indoor pool is a nice break from the cold. The bell staff was awesome .... thanks for the help! ....The only draw back for some would be the rooms are a bit older in style .... did not bother us ....Dear DJBSFOThank you for your comments We love that you are a repeat guest. You are smart to purchase the breakfast, pool and parking with the room rate. It is a terrific value.Please visit us soon.Best regardsMarcia Striffeler
To me both a central location and my experience as a guest drive my selection of a hotel. Oh and the comfort of the beds too! Hotel Nikko has all this and more. Location is perfect, near Union Square and shopping. It is also very well situated to Bart, the subway, this makes it even easier to get around the city. We had thought that we would take the car out a couple of times, though we never did, it was just as easy to use public transportation or use our 2 feet. The only caution, and this would be throughout the city, is parking costs, so don't be shocked with the fee! I will say the valet was superb. They were swift and efficient and responsive to our requests. From the moment you step into this hotel you are welcomed. The hotel is beautiful and stylish. The check-in is thorough and not rushed, you are offered a glass of wine or if you prefer there is always iced cucumber or lemon water available in the lobby. It is these many details that cause me to take a moment to relax and enjoy my surroundings especially in a busy city. You feel cared about and to me that makes a difference. The staff are professionals, they are friendly, you are treated well, and oh, you have a great shower, so there you have it, enjoy!Dear ProudCalifNativeThank you so much for your recent review and for staying with us. We appreciate the perfect score! You mentioned so many items that made your stay memorable. I am glad the wine and water at the reception desk made you feel welcome. Your kind comments about our service have been shared with the staff. You have made their day!All of us look forward to welcoming you back to Hotel Nikko soon!Sincerely,Marcia Striffeler
This hotel has a beautiful lobby, professional staff 5 star feel. However, the rooms are small with larger than needed furniture and bathrooms that are average. There are beautiful touches throughout the hotel, great sushi restaurant (from what we heard), but rooms their carpeting feel worn are in need of some space saving touches (like a built-in desk shelving) in order to feel really upscale. Add to that that it sits in the tenderloin district (filled with the cities homeless and drug dealers) it is definitely not a family friendly place to stay one many of you may not want to chose. We had a car, however traveled out of the city quite a bit. Otherwise, I would not plan to stay here and walk in the area, especially at night. Overall, it is a nice hotel. Room service food was way better than average the staff we encountered was the same, but you really don't see them unless you stop at the front desk or walk to the front doors. The extra fee's for everything: 16 wifi, 50+ for overnight parking, 20 gym fee 6 for in room water, made us feel like we were being milked and our agreed upon nightly rate turning into a never again experience. One positive note I'd like to add is that Starbucks is adjacent to the hotel, all you need do is open a hotel door you're there:)Hello MarrieinLove (I love your name!)-Thank you for taking the time to write a review. I will share your comments about the hotel dcor needing an update with the General Manager as we are always looking to improve and the concerns about the neighborhood and homeless issues in San Francisco with the City Manager. Tourism enjoyment is important to the city and a focus. We do have hotel security throughout and in front the hotel and cameras, so you are protected within the vicinity.We appreciate your compliments about the exceptional customer service from the staff you encountered and the food from Anzu Restaurant. Consider choosing a special package from the Hotel Nikko website which includes many of the amenities you listed and often an upgraded room choice at a discount. All the Best,Anne HudsonDon't give up on us since it seems like overall you enjoyed your stay. Consider
My husband and I, along with my bestie and her husband stayed at Hotel Nikko for a quick jaunt down to SF from Seattle. We enjoyed our stay, but there were a couple of things... 1. The rooms are MUCH smaller than you think they are going to be and (I know it's weird to mention this, but) the self cleaning toilet was loud and random. 2 The lounge which looks ah-mazing online LOOKS ah-mazing in person, but the hours are inconsistent. Okay, now for the pluses: The check in process and people at the front desk were wonderful! Not to mention the concierge, with whom we steadily checked in, were (there were multiples) VERY helpful. Overall, my husband said he would definitely stay here again, but I'm not 100 sure.Hi Sheryl B,What a great review. We always appreciate specific comments like the ones you left for us, and we have taken note! I'm so glad you found our front desk and concierge staff to be helpful, and enjoyed the hotel over all. Please let me know when you're headed to San Francisco again-- we would love the chance to impress you!Warmest regards,Danielle Ortega, Assistant Marketing Manager415-394-1175
We had 2 nights here in November and had a lovely time. Staff were very friendly, hotel clean and modern, bed very comfortable. We didn't eat here, but plenty of diners and restaurants near by.Location for shopping in Union square was great, Macys was a 5 minute walk away. We walked to fisherman's Warf on the first day but wouldn't recommend it as it was quite a hike and not particularly scenic, the cab back was around 20.We travelled to the hotel early on a Friday morning by Bart, the ticket was around 8 each from the airport and th Bart station was approx. 10 mins walk to the hotel, but our return flight was late at night so we used the hotel airport shuttle with I think was around 38 for the 2 of us, great service.
Stayed here with my husband who attended a meeting and this is where they booked him a room and had the meeting. From the beginning with the doormen being very attentive, to the house cleaning staff being super friendly, to the clean tastefully decorated rooms, our stay was relaxing. We were upgraded to one of the Imperial floors which has a lounge that offers a continental breakfast and evening hor dourves/drinks. This was nice as it was easy to grab a bite to eat/drink. The rooms were clean and modern- had a separate tub and shower. There was a screen on the mirror in the bathroom that had it's own remote but we never were able to figure out how to work it (there were no obvious instructions). Wifi was free and the basic was adequate, although you could upgrade to faster speeds if needed for a fee. The gym/pool was an extra 25 for the length of the stay and we did not partake and chose to exercise outside instead. Nice location- only 1-2 blocks from the Powell Street BART station, in walking distance to Chinatown, the Ferry Building, Fisherman's Wharf. The end of the line for the cable cars is not far either. I would highly recommend this hotel and would likely stay here again.Dear Grch,Thank you so much for taking the time to write a review about your most recent stay with us. It is wonderful to hear that you enjoyed your time at our property, and that you were even able to be upgraded to one of our Imperial Floor rooms! I do apologize that there were no clear instructions as to how the built-in T.V. worked in the bathroom. We are always looking for ways to improve the guest experience, so I will absolutely be sharing your comments with our management team to see if there is anything we can do to make our features more user friendly.Again, thank you for taking the time to share your experience, and we very much look forward to having you stay with us again.Thank you,Dani OrtegaMarketing Manager
This hotel is located in Union Square, very close to cable cars and any other transports. The hotel is a luxury one. Always clean. The only thing is you need to pay for any service, nothing is included.Dear Nora C,Thank you for taking your time to write a review on Hotel Nikko SF. We pride ourselves in being located conveniently to a lot of San Franciscos landmarks and transportation. We continuously strive to keep up with our high standard of hospitality services. For the best deals such as complimentary internet, visit our own website hotelnikkosf.com Regards,Marcia Striffeler
This was one of those rare occasions were it was hard to fault this great Hotel for anything. From the moment our email correspondences began, Mark in Reservations was fantastic in helping and advising us to make the correct option. The room had all the requirements that we needed.. Decent bathroom size with good shower pressure, Comfy and well sized bed and well appointed and spacious room. Its location is ideal, the staff are professional and the pricing is great.I would wholeheartedly recommend this to all visiting SF. It made our 20th wedding anniversary even more special.Hi BozzaM,What a great review! I am so happy that you were thrilled with your stay at Hotel Nikko, from the helpful assistance from our reservations team to your comfortable room. We wish you a very, very happy 20th wedding anniversary!Please let us know the next time you plan to visit San Francisco- we would be delighted to host you again!Cheers,Danielle Ortega Marketing Manager415-394-1175dortegahotelnikkosf.com
Hotel is loced right in the center of San Francisco. Rooms contain everything you need, bathroom as huge! Beds were nice and comfortable. Interior of the hotel corridrs is a little bit outdated. The staff was terrific. Very helpful.
Pros: Solid location, cute old fashioned decor (loved the old school elevator, clean, and friendly service. Cons: Unbelievably small room. I mean comically small. My friend and I literally laughed upon entering the room. There was a twin sized bed with maybe 3 feet of room on all three sides of it before hitting the wall. Bathroom was roughly half the size of the room itself. No air conditioning. Luckily we were only staying one night. If we had paid for a room for two and booked this place for a week I think we would have gone mad. It was a corner room so maybe the other rooms are more spacey but regardless the room we were given should be used for storage.Also the breakfast was very poor. Weak spread, ran out of food and dishes/cutlery. I ate cereal out of a coffee mug. Chose that over toast with store bought pastries and cold coffee. If you get room 410 please ask for a different room...
We had made a reservation for two couples on Sept 17 and had the confirmation thru Expedia/hotels.com. When we arrived...frazzled after being evacuated with my Boston sister and husband who were visiting us during this difficult time...we were told that they had no rooms due to some problem that occurs occasionally with this booking service!!! We were struggling for two hours to locate another hotel ..using both Expedia (who owed us big!) and our own efforts... and no one came thru. Just as we were going to give up, there was a shift change at Reception and our savior Lorenzo came on. Thru some magic, he was able to provide us with two lovely rooms for the night!! He is a truly charming and compassionate...an excellent employee and human being!!The rooms were nicely decorated with very comfortable beds. Old San Francisco feel! Would stay there again!Hi Alan, We were pleased to provide you with a safe refuge from the fires, and we are pleased to have provided you with suitable accommodation. If you are staying with us, or indeed any hotel, again, do consider booking directly with the hotel, and you will have much less likelihood of issues arising with your booking and with your check-in on future visits. We hope that you will visit us for a more pleasant reason in the future. Best wishes, Hotel Management
The hotel is well located for Central SF, we walked to Union Square and if you can take the hills Fisherman's Wharf isn't too far, and of course Hyde Street is on the Cable Car network, although not the section right outside the hotel. It is an old historic building with a lot of character but we did find our room to be very cramped particularly compared to everything else we stayed in on our trip. Front desk staff were helpful and friendly and breakfast was fine. The stair carpets were pretty dirty but as decorating works were underway I guess they're due for cleaning or changing once this has finished.The only other moan I have about this hotel is the pet policy ( it allows them). This is a compact inner city hotel with no outside space and seems unsuitable for pets ( dogs usually). When we were there a guest brought their dog into the breakfast room and later the same dog dumped a pile of you know what on the stairs. Yes this is down to an irresponsible owner but does show that a review of this policy may be needed.Would I go back again, you bet, even with the negatives it's good value and SF is a great city but next time I'll remember my hat, scarf, coat and gloves!
Picked this Hotel, because it was within walking distance of a concert venue my mistake (I should have done more research). Sadly, the area is not the best (within one block east south there are considerable numbers of poor unfortunate people living on the sidewalk, in tents, in cardboard boxes and cars). Although, we did not have any trouble whatsoever we did witness open (injected) drug use on the street. Some may call it edgy or off the tourist track. Certainly not a place for families with young children to visit. During our visit we met a retired SF Social worker who told us Hyde St. (300s) is one of the dirtiest locations in the city and a good many of this former clients came from around that area.The hotel building (c.1904) was clean inside and the staff more than helpful. Out first room, on the fourth floor, although a double, was a disappointment very small and cramped, no draw space, tiny shower room, single glazing, overlooking the main street, very noisy (there is an Emergency Hospital directly opposite with vehicles coming in though-out the night).Our second room (floor two) was much larger, with ample cupboard/draw space and a bath and was situated at the rear of the building clean, but, again a little tired.There are a few places to eat nearby again, some care would be needed, not to go down the wrong street.The nearest public transport (Cable Car on the California line) is two blocks to the north and a 20minute ride will connect you with the downtown financial district.Pros: Price!Cons: Location.Visit Again: No, sadly, the adjacent area is too distressed.We were pleased to host you during your stay in San Francisco, and we hope that you enjoyed your trip to the city. It is also good to hear that the hotel itself was good, and we trust that you rested well. We know that the homelessness that is evident throughout the city can be very disconcerting for those who are not used to it, and we are sorry that you found aspects of this to be so off-putting. Please know that this is replicated throughout the city. Thankfully, our guests are never approached by people, and despite appearances, our area is very safe. Our building and some of our furniture are quite old, but we trust that you noticed the wonderful standard of cleanliness and upkeep that we maintain, and we hope that this did not detract from your stay too much. Overall, we are sorry that you did not enjoy your time here more. Best wishes, Hotel Management
stayed at the cute hotel in April 2015.It is easy access to stores ,and some restaurants .Close by is the local tram car on California street taking you to market street past china town. It has an old style elevator ,we took the stairs . There is free breakfast offered at the Italian restaurant connected to the hotel lobby and a snack consisting of wine and cheese in the lobby . Breakfast is very basic consisting of some fruits , pastries and very cheap bread .We would recommend eating out to a nice bakery on the same street called Flour and company and the coffee is of greater quality .The staff was friendly and helpful .The room itself had an odor of humidity but once inside could get used to. A small fridge and micro-wave oven was offered in the room .The room and hotel are very nicely decorated with an abundance of moldings ,carpets ,wall paper and is Air conditioned equipped .I would recommend it to the traveler on a budget .
Clean and cozy little hotel next to some amazing restaurants and far away from civic center filth. My wife and I stayed here and went to a concert at the masonic which is only 5 blocks away, cable car goes down California st to Embarcadero and is a fun experience. From there you can connect to Cart , take a trolly to the wharf....Have fun..
I traveled for business and this hotel rated at 3 stars with corporate booking too. I had to store my suitcase on my bed the rooms are so tiny. The elevator is barely functional so be prepared to hall your suitcase. The fitness center has one out dated treadmill and a few weights and equipment that doesn't work. Good Nob Hill location but better off staying in Union Square for better value.
This hotel was conveniently located, it was close to the trolley lines and within walking distance of Union Square. The hotel has a very European vibe to it. It is an older hotel but the bathroom was nicely updated and renovated.
We loved this hotel. It's chintzy splendour harked back to another era. Those who love cool and modern will find it not to their taste but we found it charming. The lobby's clearly had a bit of a tart up in recent years which is a shame as it's black and purple theme is more Prince than Chintz and out of keeping with the rest of the hotel's faded splendour. Put it back to how it was please NHH! There's a sweet little Italian bistro attached to it which seemed to be quite busy. The rooms were very clean and very comfortable. Reception staff were all really lovely and helpful. We'll definitely stay here again when in SF. The location too was ideal - a few blocks from Union Square - very central.
The hotel is quite a nice little hotel for the money you pay, especially at late notice. They handled my booking very last minute and accommodated myself at a late hour, preparing a room specifically for me. Having been in the area for a meeting I was also provided with an early breakfast which was more than adequate. The bistro at the hotel is actually really nice, I loved the food there and found myself wanting more before I left, it's a nice touch because it gave me more to do while I was waiting around. The room's are exactly how you see in the pictures and are decent for the pay, the bathrooms are very clean and seem to be maintained well. I had an issue with not being able to get hot water at one point but that was fixed within half an hour. The staff at the hotel are very friendly and happy to help, they spent a lot of time helping me find my bearings and arrange transport which I appreciated as I hadn't got a very good knowledge of the area. I did find it a bit of a trouble to get on to the wifi which was frustrating but I was given assistance and after a while it seemed to sort itself out. The style and the artwork of the place is actually quite stunning, it made me feel like I was in a special little hideaway, and the area surrounding is quiet so I wasn't disturbed at night. I may not get chance to visit the area again but if I do I would be returning here, it was a nice experience.
This boutique hotel-bed and breakfast is so charming and the decor is beautiful.The lobby is lovely with a big gorgeous chandelier and velvet chairs.I've stayed there 2 times now and both rooms were beautifully decorated with victorian touches that I loved!There was free coffee and tea in the lobby and breakfast in the morning.The Italian restaurant located right off the lobby is cozy and delicious too.Lorenzo was so nice and took great care of my guitar that I left,on one of my visits.They have small rooms and big rooms and 2 room suites.The only drawback for me,I wish it were a little closer to Union Square, but still not a bad walk, and lots of other shopping and food in the neighborhood.
Het hotel ligt in een prettige wijk in SF. Het personeel is vriendelijk.Valet parking is aanwezig. WiFi werkt prima. Ontbijt is matig.Kamers zijn klein maar schoon.Prijs vd kamer is aan de hoge kant, maar elk hotel in SF is duur.Leuke restaurantjes in de buurt.
I can't even begin to review this hotel. This hotel is SOOOOO dated.The elevator has a gate and a door and it doesn't stay open. Try getting your luggage in the elevator, keeping the door and gate open so that you can get in without it slamming shut on you. I just can't believe that they didn't at least try to fix it so that it stays open so that you can get in with luggage into elevator.I have to say it was a struggle to get in. NOT FUN!! The room was clean but very tight. I had a full bed and my luggage was on the other half of the bed. No room to put luggage anywhere but on the bed. Good thing I was on my own. Sink was in the bedroom. We are sorry that overall, you did not love your stay with us. We are pleased to provide clean, comfortable accommodation at a very competitive rate in San Francisco, which is notoriously expensive, and we are sorry that we and our property were unable to meet your expectations. Thank you for choosing to stay here on this occasion. Best wishes, Hotel Management
We stayed at this hotel for five days in November. The first room was so small only one bedside table would fit.No wardrobe and no chair. The heating came on in the evening automatically and there was no way to turn it off, the radiator in the room was too hot to touch and we were sweltering.The next day we were given a slightly larger room with no radiator,better. Both rooms were at the front of the hotel and the road noise was pretty bad. The staff were very friendly and always very helpfull, breakfast was o.k. The elevator was interesting and the hotel location was very good. Would I stay here again No.
Nice, old renovated hotel. Room a little small, very hard to move around the room with only the 2 of us. Pretty cheap for San Francisco though. Wifi very bad, couldn't get a decent connection, kept dropping out. Parking in San Francisco is very bad, so be prepared. Hotel does offer valet parking though, a bit on the expensive side. Old style elevator so a bit hard to operate if your hands are full of luggage. Staff very friendly. Our room key kept not working. Other than that, it was an average stay. Good for the price if you want a place to crash for the night. If you have a lot of luggage, you will need a bigger room, as the king side bed, tv cabinet, bar fridge take up all the room.
Our stay here left us dissatisfied and uncomfortable. The hotel is very small lobby and when we arrived there at 10pm they have only open the small window for the contact and this reflects insecurity for the place. The room is very old and lack proper maintenance. Breakfast is very disappointing for what the cost they charge at over US200 a night. Not recommend. We are very sorry to understand that you didn't thoroughly enjoy your stay with us, and that you were not entirely comfortable here. We are very sorry that we were unable to meet your expectations, and we hope to have the opportunity to redeem ourselves in your eyes. We would love to welcome you back soon! Best wishes, Hotel Management
The location is an easy walk (for San Francisco hills) to Fisherman's Wharf, Russian Hill, and Union Street. Got off to a bad start when we checked in. Had paid for a room with 2 queen beds, and got a room with one queen and a hide-a-bed. Went back down to he office to get it corrected - one clerk said there were no other rooms, and the second got us what we paid for. Rooms are dated but clean, hallway noise can get excessive. Did an early checkout, and when my daughter needed to use the restroom, one clerk said no facilities, the second let her right in. They really need to work on consistency. Plus side: this hotel appears to be used by many international guests and we had some god breakfast conversations as a result.
The motel was clean and only 10 minute walk to Fishermans Wharf, breakfast was minimal but it had free car parking. Overall it was average for the price.
We stayed here for two nights. The only reason we booked here was for the parking as we were on a roadtrip. For some reason one of the car parks was shut (think they were decorating) There were only 2 disabled spaces left so we went and asked where to park. The guy at the front desk was very unhelpful, but told us to park in the shaded area in a tight corner. We did as we were told, but felt uneasy about this. The next day 2 cars had completely blocked us in, good job we weren't needing the car until the next day. Thank goodness that the other car park appeared to open that day as we were no longer blocked in. Check-in was OK- the guy seemed disinterested and had no customer service skills whatsoever. He obviously did not want to be there. Not a good start to our San Fan.Our room was OK- dated but relatively clean and comfortable. The location was good right on Lombard street and 10 minutes walk from Fishermans wharf. Was good that we could have coffee or orange juice and some pastries in the foyer for breakfast. Very basic but did the job. We had an OK stay in the end, but they could make the hotel so much better with some improvements and if they hired staff who actually care then that would make the experience so much better for us!
One can quickly tell this is an older facility. However, is close to Fisherman's Wharf and other San Francisco attractions. Our room was large and comfortable although carpet moles were obvious. Nice area on the third floor for enjoying a libation and watching the sun set over the Golden Gate Bridge. Staff are very pleasant and helpful. A free light breakfast is included. Also very nice to be at a place with free covered parking. Would stay there again! Was the first time I had seen an envelope for tips placed in the room by housekeeping staff.
We stayed there for 4 nights and we were very happy of the choiceRoom was nice and clean and service was very goodFree parking provided which was important to usOn Lombard street in the front of the hotel there is a stop of the Big Bus Company which allows an easy way to start city toursThe hotel is at a walking distance from Fisherman wharf and public transportation is available including famous cable carOne disadvantage is breakfast and breakfast room locationThe room is to small for all people having breakfast at the same timeThe only pastries served are sweet and I would to suggest adding some non sweet stuf
We stayed here for 4 nights with our 2 adult children, all in one room. We found it to be more than adequate for our needs, afterall we were out most of the time. Had a problem with the room card not working but it was sorted straight away. We were on the top floor looking over the rear of hotel, quiet and a view of the backs of houses etc which we actually found quite interesting coming from the UK. Best thing was location, a flat 25 min walk to fishermans walk and on the same route as The Big Bus Tour. We also walked to the crookedest street and the Mrs Doubtfire house. Breakfast was cakes, pastries and fruit, plus tea, coffee and juices but plenty of it. Best to take it to the sitting area on 3rd floor, or back to your room. Area seemed safe.
The hotel was clean (but dated) and the staff was incredibly helpful. There was a free breakfast, but it was very minimal. The location is great just a short walk to Ghirardelli, Lombard Street, and the waterfront. The hotel is a great value considering the location and ample free parking.
We rolled into San Fran without pre-booking anything and found this gem. It's not the Hilton, but it was clean, friendly staff and, well, it was clean! Another big plus besides the awesome price was that there was no parking fee, which can be pretty costly. All in all, it's awesome overall value for where you are. Also worth mentioning, not sure if they are supposed to but they let us keep our vehicle in the parking garage for about an extra 5 hours after checkout, very cool!Thank you for staying with us and for your review.
First of all If you want 3+ star quality,l don't stay here. If you appreciate value for money, good location and a homely feeling, this is not a bad pick.We stayed 10 days and had two different rooms. First one was nice from the inside but facing a wall from window. Pretty gloomy, so we asked for a possibility to change and had a nice spacious room from 1st floor facing Lombard street. Quite noisy but nice and comfortable. Overall the rooms are spacious, the staff is friendly and it is nice that they give a complimentary continental breakfast (coffee, tea, juice, pastries and fruits). Also as travelling with a small baby they were nice enough to give us a fridge and microwave for free (normally 10/nigth per piece).Downsides are that as it is facing the busy Lombard street it is a bit noisy. Also the AC is extremely noisy and only gives really hot or really cool temp, so it was a bit annoying.
Me, hubby and our 13 year old daughter stayed at this hotel for 3 nights during our journey around the West Coast and had a pleasant stay at this hotel. We stayed on the second floor which had a small dining area and outside patio. The room was a bit on the small side but had everything we needed and was clean.Location is great. It is at the bottom of Lombard street so you go straight up the giant mountain of a hill to the crooked street. If you're able I would recommend trying to walk up and down this at least once - it is hilarious! We went on a city tour which picked us up outside our hotel, saw a few buses that done that. Everything is in blocks and so easy to use the map from this hotel. We walked to 'Little Italy', 'Chinatown', 'Japantown' and Fishermans Wharf/Pier 39. Staff were friendly and helpful throughout our stay. Breakfast is pastries, coffee and bananas/apples. Lovely pastries but may be nice to have cereal as an option too We were able to find a parking space although the reviews are right, they are tight. We had a Jeep Liberty and was able to find and fit into a space though so not too bad. Only negative would be that the hairdryer in our hotel room didn't work. We mentioned it to the reception who allowed me to use one from another (vacant I might add) room which was great, but the hairdryer wasn't fixed during our stay.
Room was clean and comfortable. We had a room that was designed for disabled person and this gave us the extra room in bathroom which was a bonus, after most of the tiny bathrooms we have had during our trip. Our key kept becoming unusable and needed us to go back down to reception to have it re-programmed which was a pain. Breakfast was very ordinary. The downside of the sleeping was that it is very noisy, lots of street noise on 2nd floor, and an air-conditioner that kept cutting in and out all night. Very low signal for wi-fi although it did work.
Not recommended. Pulled in here after a lovely drive up from LA. We were all in great spirits until we were checked in. Without going into too much detail the girl at reception was short, rude and unhelpful. After going into our smelly rooms I literally walked back out, cancelled our booking via a website booking dot com (burning 400 for that nights accommodation), loaded up the car and drove around at 6-7pm at night on a Friday - till I found another place for our 3 night visit, which was walking distance to Fishermans Wharf. The other place was actually pretty average but got a great deal and recouped the 400 on room rates, way closer to the Wharf/Lombard/Girardelli's area. Hi Tim, We are very disappointed that we were unable to meet your expectations, and that you were not greeted in the manner in which we aim to greet all of our guests. We apologize for the fact that our property was unsuitable for your needs. Best wishes, Hotel Management
This place was incredible! Such a charming bed and breakfast with character. All of the staff was super accommodating and friendly. The breakfast was really good and they kept a candy bowl stocked full of treats in each room. The bed was comfy and they have big tubs. Highly recommend!
Great building and breakfast but avoid rooms 12, 20 and 36. They are advertised as double rooms but are tiny compact rooms which are only suitable for one adult and have no room comforts. Not even room for a small chair.So sorry you found the cozy rooms too tiny. We would have gladly taken care of you if we had not been fully booked. Kind regards, Marty
Great room. Very clean. Customer service was outstanding! Enjoyed the garden in the back with breakfast. Very Victorian charm. Breakfast was always great and the perks with the stay made us feel like welcome guests.
My husband and I stayed several weeks ago and couldn't have been more pleased. We arrived late due to our flights and were greeted with a smile. Our room was lovely and we had a nice balcony to enjoy. Breakfast was terriffic with a wide variety of options. They have a nice rooftop balcony to enjoy the sights and sounds of the city. The staff is wonderful. You might hear another guest but there is polite signage asking folks to observe a quiet hour so as not to disturb other guests. I would easily stay here again on a return visit.
Spent 3 nights in the Garden Cottage with wife and two college age kids. Rooms was VERY nice and comfortable for the four of us. The common areas were extremely clean and the view from observation deck thingy was truly amazing. The staff was awesome in every possible way. We utilized one of the garages across the street and a word of warning they are small (had a full size rental and it just fit--don't plan on parking your full size SUV there and it is doubtful that a mid-size would fit). Breakfast was plentiful and the fruits, eggs... were very good, a disappointment though were the baked goods, although good they were not home made . Please understand they were very good, but when I stay in a BnB I don't expect store bought. Two other minor complaints, guests on their cell phones in the BF room and common areas, I was also working but i limited my cell phone usage to our rooms and outside lastly the dog. We are all dog lovers but not sure how appropriate it is to have the dog sitting on the chairs. Again overall a great experience and would most likely stay there again but need to call it as I see it.
This was our first stay and we know that when ever we visit the City, we will ONLY be staying with Marty and his staff. Warm, charming, stunning, Victorian, clean, private garden, spacious and over all THE BEST! We will continue to share your B B with others and let them know it will be their favorite as well, after just one visit. With Warm Regards and Gratitude. Noella, Michael GabbyWe appreciate your glowing remarks and thank you for sharing your experience here with your friends. Welcome back soon, Marty
We are a family of 5 with 3 teenagers children and we just finished a 6 nights stay at the Inn and it was such a great experience. The Inn is cozy, with very nice rooms and great service. The staff is very amicable and you almost feel like you are staying at friends house. The breakfast is excellent and available from very early in the morning (Marty you could invest in a 4 slots toaster :-)) and the views of SF from the roof terrace are stunning. Also the location in the Mission district is ideal. We will certainly be back.Oh I almost forgot to mention the best part: if you are lucky you get to meet Marty (the owner and a fantastic person to chat) and Guppy, his adorable adorable little dog.A four slot toaster it is! Guppy loves you too. Thank you, Marty
We stayed here for a week while at the World Record 202-way at Perris Valley Skydiving. It was the most affordable motel I could find in the area, and it wasn't horrible. But it certainly leaves a lot to be desired. We had quite a lot of tiny ants in our bathroom (emerging from the crack between the tub and... More
The rewards side of being a Choice Privileges member is wonderful. It doesnt get much better than to be able to stay for free when travelling. But the downside was experienced this last weekend at the Econo Lodge in Moreno Valley. I chose this location due to its proximity to my daughters residence, just a few miles away. It was... More
We stayed here two nights while visiting the Yosemite National Park. Room had musty smell to it that we could not get out. That was the main draw back. Room was a bit dated.........but ok. Then at the breakfast bar in the morning............the lady who evidently did the clean up would announce rather ungraciously that we had 10 more minutes... More
The comfort inn in Oakhurst was okay. We stayed in a room with two double beds. One bed had a pillow top mattress the other did not, of course my son with the pillow top mattress had a comfortable night. My husband and I the bed was uncomfortable. When we checked in I had reserved the room ahead of time,... More
Probably one of the only dealbreakers for me when I stay somewhere is when the WiFi doesn't work. I'd like it to be free, I'd like it to be fast, but if neither of those things are the case, I can deal. But the night I was there,I was never able to put together more than five minutes of uptime.... More
We went to Yosemite National Park for a weekend. With our two grown up children, a part of our family is living in the San Jose and the rest in Los Angeles. We decided to meet on Friday night after the work, and to stay one night in Oakhurst before heading to Yosemite National Park the next day. The Comfort... More
The room seemed like it had been renovated recently, simple but nice and clean. The breakfast in the morning was better than we expected, lots of choices eggs, sausage, cereal, waffles, pastries, yogurts, fruits, toast etc. Convenient location, about 20mn from the mariposa grove.
I am so glad they canceled our reservation after seeing all the terrible reviews. We had a reservation to stay here as we were traveling from San Fran. We called to double check our reservation thank god. We let them know we would be arriving about 10 pm and were double checking that that would be ok. NOPE!! They canceled... More
Very clean place, room was very comfortable as well as clean, reasonable rate, free parking and wifi, friendly and fast staff. Enjoyed the free breakfast option. easy check in and check out...Would stay here again if here again
People staying here must think no smoking only applies to cigarettes. Smoke rolls out of the rooms like a scene from an old Cheech and Chong movie. Property is not that old but has not been well maintained. Worst part is the staff - they are clearly very unhappy.
We stayed in a great room facing the ocean and from the living room and bedroom you could see the ocean and listen to the waves all night. Great place, nice breakfast, and very large rooms. The staff are amazing and very ready and willing to help. It the kind of place that I would recommend to anyone and everyone. There is a kitchen in the room, but all the nice dinning restaurants are well within an easy walk.Hi Tony W, Thank you for the great review! We are flattered by your comments and glad that our location over the Pacific set the tone for an unforgettable stay. We look forward to creating many more wonderful memories for you in the future. Terima Kasih, (Thank you in Balinese)Dallas King
Excellent location and most friendly staff. We had a very confortable suite that can accommodate 4 people. The living room had a window with full ocean view. Very clean property, nice breakfast included in the price. Parking and internet was also included. Most important, the staff was very friendly and helpful.Greetings Alfredo L,Thank you for taking the time to review Pantai Inn. On behalf of the team, we all enjoyed reading your positive comments about our Inn. We are all very fortunate to be in a wonderful location, have well appointed rooms, and all work together with the common goal of ensuring our guests satisfaction. I sincerely appreciated you pointing out the complimentary items included with your stay - daily breakfast, parking, and wifi. Also, thank you for naming us the jewel in La Jolla. The name La Jolla roughly translates to this as well. We are all eager for your return. Cheers! Mike
We loved the ocean view from our room. The location was great for walking around La Jolla or just along the shore where we saw harbor seals, sea lions and whales. San Diego was very close and we could easily explore new areas around San Diego. The service was excellent with little touches such as water and candy each night. It was nice to have breakfast with our stay included with our room and drinks in the lobby. We will definitely be back!Greetings Mark B,Thank you for taking the time to review Pantai Inn. We are so pleased that you enjoyed your experience at our Inn as well as our phenomenal location. Our location, as you stated, definitely lends itself well to taking off on foot and exploring all that both the village of La Jolla has as well as the wonderful coastline. I appreciated your noting the teams attention to detail and ensuring that you were satisfied. Each of them do a wonderful job at looking after our guests. On behalf of everyone here, we eagerly await your return. Warmest wishes,Mike
We stayed at Pantai for 12 days for our 36th anniversary. We thank them for an exemplary experience. Our room was immaculate, quiet, with a gorgeous view. Just be aware that some of the rooms are a bit dated, and some are also near the staff work areas and can be noisy. The best part of Pantai is the staff! Every one is friendly and professional. Thank you especially to Nina for reservations, Alfred for all his recommendations for things to do in LaJolla, and to chef Fernando for imaginative and delicious breakfasts. Pantai is run like a family business at its best, with caring and attention to all detail. Thanks for a great vacation and we plan to return in a year for a wonderful break from our Wisconsin winter. Lynn McWIlliamsDear lynn m,Once again, Congratulations on your 36th anniversary! Were thrilled you chose to spend your time at the Pantai Inn. It was truly our pleasure. You left a lasting impression amongst our staff and we are excited for your return next year. Thank you very much for staying with us and for delivering such generous feedback. I especially appreciate your warm words about our staff. We take great pride in our service and its so nice to hear that positive affirmation from our guests. I will be sure to share your comments with everyone here at Pantai Inn. Thank you again for staying with us and we look forward to your return.Warm wishes,Dan Priano
The location is awesome. We listened to the waves breaking each night. Wonderful!! The staff is the greatest. Everyone we met was courteous, polite and very friendly. Eager to please. The one person that made it so wonderful was Chelsy. She was superb!!. She helped us pick just the right room and even showed us the rooms for our next visit, which we have already booked. You can't go wrong staying here.Greetings Donna S,Thank you for taking the time to review Pantai Inn. First and foremost, thank you for recognizing our teams efforts to ensure your complete satisfaction. I cannot agree with you more - Chelsea is a rockstar and she does a wonderful job looking after our guests needs. We appreciate you letting others know that they cannot go wrong staying here! On behalf of the team, hope to see you again soon.Cheers! Mike
We went to Pantai Inn for the second year in a row, to celebrate our anniversary. It is a truly unique experience, not like any other hotel. We felt very welcome and special. The staff was so kind and generous. The rooms are clean, charming and filled with anything you may need. We will return!Greetings Gita G,Thank you for taking the time to review Pantai Inn. We greatly appreciated the honor and opportunity to welcome you back and assist in the anniversary celebration! We love knowing when our guests are celebrating a special occasion and doing all that we can to make sure its memorable. Day in and day out, the team here is devoted to ensuring our guests utter and complete satisfaction. Hopefully you will not make us wait another year until you return... All my best, Mike
We booked a 3-bedroom cabin at the Pantai inn. It was located on the rear of the property, with a partial ocean view from the living/dining areas and small balcony that faced an alley. The dcor was lovely, the living/dining rooms spacious, it sported a full kitchen, and the beds and pillows were very comfortable. The only downside were the two bathrooms. They were very small and awkward, scarcely large enough for one person. In ours, the mirror was to the side of the sink, so you had to bend over and turn your head to see yourself. The tissue holder was a metal plate fastened to a hole in the wall, and it was oxidized and kept coming off. The dated tub did not drain properly and filled partly with water when we showered. The shower head and water pressure were great, but I would have expected a more luxurious, well-designed bathroom from such an expensive place. Apart from that, our stay was great, and the staff were very nice.Greetings ECrowther, Thank you for taking the time to review Pantai Inn. The team and I were so pleased that you had an overall enjoyable experience. Between the room amenities, the decor, and the comfort of your nights rest - these were all very positive. It does seem that above all there was one item that would have put us over the top during your stay. I apologize that we fell short in delivering this. After reading your review, I have personally reached out to you to address this situation. Please do not hesitate to follow up with me when you have time. Eager to have the opportunity to welcome you back. All my best, Mike
Our second time to stay here and I can never get enough of it!! Great staff, bend over backwards to help you, whether housekeepers or front desk staff. Genevieve was a delight helping me arrange for airport transportation that worked out great!! Rooms are always a joy, clean and well furnished with lovely ammenities in the bathroom (and I NEVER take the extra's home - except here)! Light on breakfast with no restaurant, but so many restaurants in the area it doesn't even matter. Last visit had Room 201, this visit had 208 and both exceeded my every expectation. Thank you again and long to be back already!!!!!Thank you for taking the time to leave us with such a wonderful five star review. I'm extremely elated to see that we're your hotel destination when you come to La Jolla and we have been consistently friendly and efficient. We truly appreciate your recommendations, and can't wait to serve you next time. Should you have any further comments, questions, or suggestions, please feel free to contact me personally. Thank you for being a part of our family here at the Pantai Inn and we look forward to seeing you again.After sharing this review with Genevieve, she was truly excited to have her advice acknowledged. The next time you plan on making a La Jolla visit, she has asked to call and ask for her personally or anyone of our staff so they can handle all your San Diego concierge needs.Warm wishes,Dan Priano
First the positives. I was in the new building which was just across the side street from the main building. The view was great and the bed was extremely comfortable. There was a little kitchenette for heating food at night. However the down sides were that the porch by the water was like a fire escape landing and people could go up and down the stairs. No privacy and can't keep door open at night to listen to the water. The room is pretty small for the price. The breakfast buffer wax excellent as wax the beautiful courtyard right near it. No room service any other time so plan accordingly. The bathroom was so small that two people could not fit in it. The staff were extremely friendly and the location is what you pay for. Dear Shaun B,Thank you very much for this review of your recent stay at our hotel. Please accept our apologies for the challenges you faced while you were our guests.We truly wish you would have alerted us immediately about your concerns with your room, we would have tried to accommodate you in another room. We are glad you found our breakfast options and location to be worthwhile.We hope you will stay with us again when you are in La Jolla, in order to have another chance to exceed your expectations, and for you to see we have used your feedback to improve. If youre so inclined, please feel free to reach out to me directly via email at danpaintai.com or by phone 858-224-7600.Thank you,Dan
This hotel has it all! A great location close to the La Jolla Cove, with great ocean views. You can easily walk to local restaurants, shopping, and places of interest in La Jolla.Our room was large, quiet, and comfortable and we stayed in a studio room which is one of the smaller rooms. We had an ocean front room which included a balcony overlooking the ocean.The hotel provides a free breakfast that changes daily and is delicious. The service at breakfast is terrific. As an example the toaster was not working on the first day of our stay. The toast would not stay down unless the handle to the toaster was held down. The breakfast attendant (I can't remember his name) held down the handle for us while we prepared the rest of our breakfast. It's a small thing that shows how far the staff at this hotel will go to make your stay more enjoyable.The nightly turn down service is a nice touch as are the hand colored notes delivered to the room. The hotel provided free bottled water daily and placed a few in our fridge and when they noticed that we placed a bottle on our nightstand they also began placing a fresh bottle there along with a clean glass.As noted in other reviews the bathroom is very small, but it in no way negatively impacted our stay.Our room also had a microwave, silverware and plates, wine glasses, and a refrigerator with an ice maker.I highly recommend this hotel and will definitely stay here again in the future. The staff and facility truly made our vacation more memorable.Greetings Nanook4530,Thank you for taking the time to review Pantai Inn. I thoroughly enjoyed all the thought and detail that you put into your review. It means a lot to me and the team when our guests share their experiences with others. With your careful descriptions of your accommodations, our location, our breakfast service, and of course all of the other wonderful touches we provide you did a remarkable job at painting a beautiful picture for readers to get a feel of what to expect when they stay here. We hope to create more memories with you in the future.Thank you again for choosing our Inn! Mike
From time of reservation to departure we felt like special guests at the Pantai Inn. The housekeeping bonus of goodies plus cold water and candy in our bedroom to homemade cookies and espresso available daily were so appreciated. Breakfast was alway delicious and the propert views were magnificent. Parking was convenient too and at no extra charge!
Just checked out of the Pantai Inn and missing it already. Wonderful staff, great location. Highly recommend. We stayed 5 nights in a 2 room cottage. Right on the beach and breakfast complimentary every morning.Greetings carollkemp8, Thank you for taking the time to review Pantai Inn. We miss you already too! It was certainly all the teams pleasure to ensure that you had a memorable experience here. We certainly have a wonderful Inn and are in one of the best locations. As side from our phenomenal location, we are certainly blessed with some flexible accommodations, a plethora of complimentary amenities, and most importantly, a fantastic team of hospitality professionals. Hopefully next time your travels bring you out our way, we will be the first choice for you! Warmest regards, Mike
My family and I visit La Jolla every year for the Challenged Athletes Foundation Triathlon. We try different hotels every year. This year we stayed at the beautifully appointed Pantai Inn. Our room was very well renovated with a full kitchen and awesome bathroom. Spacious and clean, but the master bed was a double and too small for comfort. My daughter slept on the Murphy Bed. Unfortunately, we heard every noise from the upstairs unit. The jumping, walking and screaming was very unsettling and kept us from relaxing. There was a beeping noise outside our bedroom the entire which kept us from sleeping. To say the least the location is great and property really nice, but we wouldn't suggest staying there for a romantic, relaxing or quiet weekend. Dear Friend,Thank you so much for your comments, we appreciating hearing from our guests.I am truly sorry to hear your stay at Pantai Inn was disrupted by the guests in the room above you. The Inn was sold out that weekend for the Challenged Athletes Foundation Triathlon. If we would have had another room we would have gladly upgraded you to something that was not below other guests. I hope you understand this is not a normal occurrence at the Inn. Most of our guests come here for a quiet romantic getaway and hopefully you will give us another opportunity to serve you again. If you would, please contact me by email at danpantai.com, or telephone directly (858)224-7620 to discuss this further. Thank you for your comments and I truly hope to hear from you.With warm regards,Dan Priano
Lovely hotel, with lots of extras - very generous - wonderful fire pit, outdoor heaters (was cool during my visit), excellent breakfasts with the sweetest pineapple and ripest blackberries I have ever had and overall just excellent cooking. Very accommodating staff - made me feel...More
This hotel is absolutely perfect. From the moment I arrived, I was impressed. The staff was friendly, greeting me with a tour of the grounds, a description of the neighborhood, and escorting me to my room. The grounds and the room were lovely, exactly as advertised on the website. I stayed in the ocean view studio, which was beautiful, with a gorgeous view of the ocean. The room and the whole hotel is comfortable and relaxing and the perfect getaway.Greetings Sara T, Thank you for taking the time to review Pantai Inn. On behalf of the the team, we are all so pleased that you had a perfect stay with us. We all strive to ensure that our guests have an enjoyable experience. I am so pleased that you enjoyed your accommodations and the comfort of the Inn. A lot of thought continues to go into what we can do to ensure that your first time with us is not your last. Thank you again for choosing Pantai Inn. Mike
Two things stand out significantly related to Pantai Inn -- the customer service is beyond beautiful -- literally everthing you need or want is available in an instant, and they are so courteous and creative in their delivery. Second to that, barely, is the stunning view of the ocean and the sound of the waves crashing against the cliffs, punctuated periodically by the compelling barks of sea lions resting along the beach. As if that weren't enough, the location is great, the beds are super comfortable and they have good wine! Go!Greetings aluck2013,Thank you for taking the time to review Pantai Inn. I thoroughly appreciated your acknowledgement of the two specific areas in which we shine. Our team does a remarkable job at ensuring our guests are well taken care of. I cannot fully express how appreciative I am of their efforts. Also, yes you are correct (and you echo most comments that travelers leave) we are in a priceless location to relax and rejuvenate.Your encouragement to other travelers to come and visit was appreciated. Please come back and stay with us again soon! All the best, Mike
Our family of 4 spent 3 nights at the Inn last week. Such a sweet location, friendly and helpful staff and well manicured grounds and accommodations. The breakfasts are a treat with the same attention to detail found in all other areas of the experience. Parking on the property is another added bonus. Just lovely, tranquil, perfect. It is a sad thing indeed to leave!Greetings 702kathryno,Thank you for taking the time to review Pantai Inn.I am so pleased that you and your family enjoyed our oceanfront Inn. Thankfully we are able to cater to groups large and small, families, couples, and individual travelers. I am sorry that you had to leave after 4 days, however it just means that you need to come back and visit us soon!Thank you for noting our teams attention to detail. We pride ourselves in ensuring that all of our guests needs are met and exceeded whenever possible. We are looking forward to making your next experience just as memorable as the one previous. See you soon.Mike
It has it all! Great location, great service, impeccably clean rooms. Continental breakfast was excellent, we are very active and needed protein, so since we had a full kitchen, we just bought eggs and hardboiled them to accompany our continental breakfast. This was our 3rd visit, wish we could own a unit here!
I've never wrote a review on any place I've ever stayed at before. After staying at the Pantai Inn I felt that I had to do something to say Thank You! Best stay at any place I've ever had. The Staff and service was amazing! Great location with plenty of nice shopping and restaurants nearby. I will be coming back.Greetings newfarmkid,Thank you for taking the time to review Pantai Inn.We are most honored to be your first review! It means the world to both myself and our team that you took the time to share your experience with other potential and longtime guests. We appreciate your need to say thank you following your stay. However, we THANK YOU for choosing us and allowing us to participate in the birthday celebration.Come back and give us the opportunity to WOW you again!Thanks!Mike
we loved this place, we spent 4 nights had a one bedroom suite with small kitchenmicrowave and frig. Our room had a beautiful view of the ocean, great walking area.The Hotel staff was wonderful, very helpful.Breakfast was included and was very goodfree water in the room, free coffee in the office along with fruit or cookies, free wififree parking! When adding in all the extras I think the price was great. Easy walk to restaurants and shopping.Would definitely go back here againGreetings Maureen T, Thank you for taking the time to review Pantai Inn. I am delighted that you had a pleasant stay with us. Whether it is for one night, a week, or more our accommodations and location are tailored to ensure that our guests feel at home. With all the extras that we include, I am so pleased that you felt that we were a good value. Our team does an amazing job to ensure our guests are comfortable and have an enjoyable stay. Thank you for recognizing them!We are eager to welcome you back soon! Mike
OK. It is not Bali, but it comes close. Our room was ocean front, second floor with porch, but entry just up four stairs. Couches and easy chairs on an ample porch right on the ocean...this alone was body and soul cleansing. Inside, a nice living room, full working complete kitchen, dining table, an desperate bedroom with a comfy king bed and decent bathroom. But this does really not describe Pantai. Add in an Ari Ungung, which of course is a fire pit, huge, and the place for a bottle of wine at night. Or perhaps tables after dark with fire heaters Breakfast, well prepared, top quality, and varied every morning. But then there is the service. Everyone, I mean everyone was gracious, polite, sincere, wanting to please, friendly and accommodating. You are greeted by a wonderful, ok, very pretty, Russian woman from St. Petersburg, who just makes you feel like you have chosen the right place, down to the fellow who comes around 7 PM to turn down the bed and leave chocolates and a hand inscribed good night note. This is a most unusual place in that superb management shows through everywhere in the most gracious way. We will return!ZBGreetings zabriskibound,Thank you for taking the time to review Pantai Inn. I really enjoyed reading your description of what a unique place our oceanfront Inn is. There are very few (if any) places like us. We are pleased to see that all the hard work and effort is being noticed by our guests. Thank you for outlining the various amenities that we offer to our guests. Our complimentary deluxe continental breakfast is a marvelous way to start the day and our fire pit is a wonderful escape at the end of the day. Also, thank you for mentioning our service. All of the staff do a tremendous job in ensuring that our guests are satisfied. We are extremely fortunate to have a such a wonderful team. Hope to see you again soon. Thank you! Mike
We booked a 3 bedroomed bungalow for our recent family holiday, the accommodation was outstanding, it had everything you could possibly want or need. the beds are super comfortable. It was spotless. The location is perfect seconds from the ocean front and minutes from restaurants and shops. The breakfasts were fantastic, the setting for breakfast was beautiful. All the staff members were extremely friendly and very helpful You will leave the Pantai Inn feeling relaxed and most definitely wanting to return. The fire-pit is a real highlight.Greetings Lgowtraveller,Thank you for taking the time to review Pantai Inn. We appreciated that you and your family traveled such a great distance to stay with us. Fortunately, we have the opportunity to welcome guests from all around the world. All of the team here does their very best to ensure that they all feel at home. Thanks you for outlining your accommodations, the amenities that were included with your stay, as well as a bit about the surrounding area. Come back and stay with us again soon! All my best,Mike
This place caught my eye by just driving by about 4 months ago. This week, my boyfriend booked a half oceanview room to surprise me for my birthday. We loved it. The staff are super nice and the entire property has such an eclectic ambiance. The rooms are amazing as they come with a fully equped nice kitchen, nice TV's, super comfy bed, awesome shower, etc. etc. It's a great place for families or couples. Great location - walking distance to shops, restaurants, bars, etc. The place is still expanding. I can't wait till they add the spa and return - hopefully for more than one night.Missly, On behalf of the staff here at Pantai we once again wish you a Happy Birthday! We hope that we were able to make it a special one. Keep in touch with us so that we can provide you with information on our expansion as we know you and many others are eagerly anticipating the addition of the spa to our already amazing property. We hope that you come visit us again soon. Sincerely, Shane Pappas
I've visited San Diego area several times. This time, my parents came with us for two nights in La Jolla. My father has limited mobility, so proximity to the ocean and good view from the room were of paramount importance. Pantai Inn is about 5 min walk from La Jolla Cove, where you can go watch adorable seals/sea lions lounging the hotel is far enough from the Cove that you don't hear their nocturnal squawking or smell them.We stayed at a 2 bedroom suite with full ocean view at Pantai Inn. The rooms were luxurious, renovated, comfortable, and meticulously clean. The fully stocked, modern kitchen with a large dining table was perfect, as we ate our dinners watching the sunset. The open air lobby (with a variety of tea, coffee, and daily freshly baked cookies), well-tended gardens, fountain, fire pit, and dining area were all wonderfully decorated with thoughtful small touches. All the staff members we had the pleasure of meeting were accommodating, courteous, unobtrusive, and efficient. Daniel (I think that was his name, apologies if I'm wrong) cordially led us on a tour of the 2 bedroom suites available and let us choose at check-in (1st floor vs 2nd. We chose the 1st floor to minimize navigating the stairs. It also has a sunroom and a more open layout. The view is better from the 2nd floor. However, there is no sunroom in the 2nd floor suite). There was a fresh fruit tray waiting for us upon our arrival. We even received beautifully decorated, delicious mini cakes once the staff members found out that my parents were celebrating their 40th wedding anniversary. It was truly thoughtful and made our stay even more special. We looked forward to delicious breakfast every morning. The daily menu was placed on our fridge the night before.We've made wonderful memories here. I can't thank the Pantai Inn staff enough for giving us a trip to remember forever. This hotel offers top notch service in perfect location for those who want a quiet, luxurious getaway.Greetings CurrentlyReading, Thank you for taking the time to review Pantai Inn. You illustrated a beautiful picture of what it is to be a guest at Pantai Inn. We VERY diligently do our very best to ensure that both our returning as well as our first time guests have a memorable experience with us. We have flexible accommodations and we can usually meet everyone needs first floor, second floor, ocean view, two bedrooms, three bedrooms, you name it we can usually deliver. Thank you for outlining the wonderful staff interactions that you had. We truly do have a remarkable team. Each of them give all that they can and do their best to ensure our guests are comfortable. Also, I wanted to let you know how much I appreciated your pictures. Often times, travelers get the impression that images that hotels share are not the true photos from the hotels. Your images capture the essence and care of our Inn. We are looking forward to ensuring that you next stay is just as memorable as the first. Looking forward to seeing you again soon!Mike
We have stayed at the Holiday Inn Bayside many times before taking cruises. Always clean, great staff and Anthony's Sea Food Grotto across the street. Large rooms as well. The shuttle drivers went the extra mile for us! Would return again!
The location is great. Two miles from the airport, two miles from SeaWorld, and about four miles the zoo. I' an IHG rewards member so on check-in we were upgraded to the new building, which is very nice. Unfortunately for us we were close to the HVAC systems which was a little noisy. The food in the Point Loma restaurant is OK, just OK. But kids eat free. Service was very good. Free parking and free wifi makes this a great value.
I am not a big fan of holiday inn but I came with a group It was not a good idea never again We left the hotel came back 5 pm and the room still not ready it was not clean from the beginning the service was ok location very good but it need more cleaning it was not really that cheapDear sam m: Thank you for taking the time to post your review and comment about your recent stay at the Holiday Inn Bayside. I was disappointed to learn that your recewnt visit to our hotel had not met your expectations. Indeed, cleanliness are standard expectations for our hotel, and it disturbs me that your experience has been otherwise. I will review your experience with our Housekeeping staff emphasizing the importance of cleaning the room the best possible way and also cleaning it on time. Again, my apologies for not meeting your expectations and delivering the quality of service that you deserve. If your travel brings you back to San Diego, I do hope you allow us the opportunity to provide you the service and quality that we have both come to expect. Sincerely, Rhinna B Meyer - Rooms Division Manager
Old motel style , recently remodelated but dirty, stinky , stains in the linnens, 1000 year old mattress , expensive ,just not worth it .Dear recent guest,I'm sorry to read your review and hear that you did not enjoy your stay in one of our poolside/putting green area rooms. Although these are only 2-story buildings with exterior access, most of our guests enjoy the patios and balconies these rooms have overlooking the golf putting green or the swimming pool. There are, however, 2 rooms in those buildings that do not have a balcony. I would like to follow up on your stay to check the room and check the mattress. All of our rooms throughout the entire hotel had new premium, Sealy Celestial Plush mattresses put in them, so I would like to go in and check your mattress to see if it needs replacing. I have also forwarded your comments regarding the linens to our Executive Housekeeper. I would really appreciate if you could reply to me at salesholinnbayside.com with your guest room number, or your name and dates of stay, so that we can further investigate this and make sure the next guest doesn't share the same experience.Thank you
Although stopping on my own was booked into a twin queen room, beds comfy and very quiet. Had a meal first night in hotel which was nice but would recommend jimmys across road. Prices are reasonable and bar staff friendly.
Stayed at the Holiday Inn Bayside June 16-19 for a long needed vacation with the hubby. The location was great!!! Many restaurants nearby, and the hotel has an onsite restaurant and bar, both of which were excellent!! We stayed in the two room suite, and it was spacious and very clean. Hotel has a great sized pool, hot tub and a pool table and a mini golf course. Plenty to do when not sight seeing!! Only issue was that there was no parking spaces open the second night of our stay, since we didn't get back until after 7pm. We were told by the front desk that we could park in the pay parking lot next door to the hotel, and we would be reimbursed. Considering most hotels charge for parking and the Bayside has free parking, it wasn't so bad (6) and we were reimbursed. All in all a great place to stay.Thank you for taking the time to leave a review on our hotel. We are so pleased that you really enjoyed your stay and all of our amenities. We hope you'll be back again soon to enjoy our great city!Sincerely,Charleene Poissot, Director of Sales Marketing
I have to disagree. I think the staff in the hotel lobby were not helpful or friendly at all. A young girl one of the days, didn't seem to care less to help me out with the bus schedule or any kind of help. But the shuttle boys, the bayside bar, and cafe servers in the hotel were AMAZING and helpful though!!!! Thank you to all those guys/gals!!! Ask for Steve if you need a shuttle to/from the airport!! :)Well first off we had a pretty long travel with a bunch of luggage. When we finally got to the hotel.. we got directions to our room (which was on the VERY last block of the hotel.. and 2nd floor) so anyways, we went off to find our room, well the directions we got sucked and we got a little lost, and finally we found it (keep in mind we were lugging around a baby, stroller, carseat, 3 huge luggages, backpack, diaper bag) Oh and not to forget that we had to make two trips up and down the stairs to get all our luggage in. We were sweating bullets when we finally settled in our hotel room. So after a 8 hour travel than getting to our room in tim buck two it was just a diaster!! Ruined my night for sure!! But the room was okay. The view out the balcony was better than what i thought!! A great view of the pool and the garden. And it was cool that we got to sit out on the deck. We had a room in the old building, so it was a little old unsafe feeling i had the entire stay. The beds were pretty comfortable and made nicely. The little fridge was in a cabinet under the TV, which had a little odor in it and sat on a stained shelf. I actually have never experience a Holiday inn as a motel before, but this room made me feel like i was in a motel. I would not stay here again... not unless it was for a cheaper price than what i paid. If i wanted a motel feel like room.. i would of stayed at Days Inn for half the price!Dear Kristen386, Thank you for your stay with us and leaving feedback. We are pleased you liked the location of our hotel as well as the view from your room. We take our guest comments very seriously and always strive to provide comfortable and friendly accommodations. Were sorry you received service and room conditions which fell below your expectations. I appreciate your feedback as this is our best resource for improving guest services. We hope you give us a chance in the future to show you how great our hotel is.If there is anything we can do to make your next stay more comfortable, please do not hesitate to ask the Manager on Duty.Sincerely,Jaime WCase ManagerIHGCare
We thoroughly enjoyed staying at this hotel. We travelled with our kids aged 4 and 6. The rooms were clean, spacious and well maintained. The beds were great and all of us slept well. The hotel provided vouchers towards breakfast at the adjoining restaurant. The restaurant was great and we used the vouchers towards whatever breakfast we ordered. The hotel had amazing grounds with a putting golf course that was fun for everyone. The pool was fantastic and we lucked out with great weather. We spent many hours in the pool, lounging, playing shuffleboard and snacking from the attached bar. The happy hour was a great perk.
First I will say that this is a very nicely recently remodeled and addition added location. The new side is very nice and the rooms are great. The location is excellent if you are flying out of the airport and/or planning to visit the down town area. Staff is friendly and the on site restrurant is very good. All in all is a nice location, however.Money grab is the name of the game. Room rates seem to be in line with most of the area. There are some cheaper hotel rooms in the area that are on the same level of quality as HI, This location as recently added a 10 parking fee to their service, which in my opinion makes it over priced for location. I normally check in and visit my room and relax until dinner, then take my rental back to turnin and catch the shuttle over. Paying 10 bucks for parking for a few hours is rediculous. My next visit will I will be checking out another location I think. If you do use this location...suggest you park on the streetside if a spot is open. Its free!Dear derrick b: Thank you so much for posting your comments regarding your recent stay at the Holiday Inn Bayside. We appreciate your feedback as it helps us do a better job of making sure we provide the best customer service possible. I was please to see that you enjoyed your visit and were impressed with our friendly staff. I was, however, disappointed to learn about the parking difficulties you experienced. Our normal procedure is to ask if the guests will be parking overnight and if not, like in your case return your rental car, we inform guests to come back to the front desk and give us back the parking permit and we will take out the parking charge. I did refund your 10 for parking as you should not have been charged. I sincerely apologized if it was not expalined to you at check in. I will pass the information to all our staff during our next meeting to make sure that this does not happen again. Thank you for your words of praise as well as sharing your experience with us. We would like to welcome you back during a future visit to San Diego. Sincerely, Rhinna B Meyer - Rooms Division Manager
Stayed here before and after a trip down the Baja peninsular,and we were well pleased with the choice - everything worked well. The adjacent restaurant had a good choice of food efficiently served.
I've missed this placed soMany times why Always looking for something better ,staff great calamari excellent, yes I had a martini perfect I have not seen this perfect pour since Nyc where I learn how to make a perfect martini. I have travel now for 13 years and this is the perfect martini. Next meatloaf and dessert. Hitting the bed soon
This is a fairly decent hotel - rooms were clean and functional but nothing flash - more or less what we had expected. Offers good amenities with a great restaurant adjacent and pool area with shuffle board, putting green and table tennis. Staff were helpful and friendly. Location not great but I think you need a car in San Diego anyway as it's pretty spread out.
We stayed as a family of four the first part of Thanksgiving week. I knew that there would be renovations going on during our stay, but it did not impact us in the least. You wouldn't have even know they were renovating. The hotel is in a perfect location, one block off of the main street in the Gaslamp Quarter so you may walk to many restaurants, shops, the stadium, the convention center, Seaport Village and even the USS Midway. The manager Shannon is lovely and made sure our stay was perfect. The front deck staff was exceptional. George and I believe Tim were always available to give us directions and to give us great recommendations on nearby restaurants. We were traveling with our two teenage boys and they knew just where to direct us depending on whether the boys were going to join us for our outings. The bellboys/door attendants/Valets were always at the doors greeting us with a smile and an open door. When I asked one of them if they ever tire of opening the doors and smiling he responded with a smile and said, never. Also, a fun thing that you can do before you leave home is send them a few photos of who you may miss while you are traveling and they will put print the pictures and put them up in your room. Fun surprise even for the teenage boys. (I sent photos of our dogs.) We love the Kimpton Hotels and this was no exception. A lovely hotel in a great location with an exceptional staff. Also, their restaurant the Jsix was fantastic, we dined there with the boys and shared many starters, salads, sides and a charcuterie board. Probably the most delicious fun meal we had in San Diego. We will definitely stay at Hotel Solamar again when we head back to San Diego. Thank you for making us feel so welcome, we truly enjoyed our stay.Judith, you are very welcome! We truly enjoyed having you here, I am thrilled that you and the boys had such a wonderful visit. We can't wait to welcome you back. Cheers! Shannon
My girlfriend and I stayed at your hotel this past weekend, Saturday November 19th. I have stayed in many different hotels in San Diego (I live in Orange County so we travel there a lot to get away) and I must say I was very impressed and happy with the level of service that we received. We went down to San Diego to celebrate my girl's birthday and am very glad we chose your hotel. I purchased my reservation through Expedia so I was a little unsure of what to expect especially given the price for the room we stayed in. Your hotel surpassed my expectations. I will definitely be coming back to your hotel (probably for New Year's) given it's location and because we were treated so well. Joe at the front was very helpful and helped me out when I was trying to schedule a message from the in room services..please thank him. The only small complaint I have was that the room wasn't ready when we got there (wasn't ready till about 4) but I was allowed to check out a little late so that more than made up for it. Thank you again for the awesome service...your staff is great!
I visit San Diego each year for an event at the San Diego Convention Center. This last time I discovered the Hotel Solamar - a perfect alternative to the far more expensive hotels next to the bay. Located only a short 3 blocks from the Convention Center, it's actually closer than many of the bayside options! Funky and fun ... with excellent comfort and care. I'll be back!
We stayed here in September 2012 for a few nights. We were on a free roll on the company's dime, otherwise I definitely wouldn't have stayed in the Gaslamp area. Leave the area to those 21-30 year olds. No matter where you stay in the area, the rooftop nightclubs will keep you awake at night.This is a nice property, but might be trying a little too hard to be one of the in crowd. The coolness of the hotel was clearly only skin deep.I give them bonus points for a free and very fast wi-fi connection in the room.If you're okay with the Gaslamp area, I doubt you'll be disappointed with this hotel choice.Hi Cybeerkeg.... thanks for staying with us and for your review. Hope you had some fun in the Gaslamp while you were here at least. It's certainly a fun area, with lots to do and great restaurants. Hopefully you got a chance to explore. Thanks again.
Single best bath tub Ive ever used in my life. Holy hell it was a better bath than the 1400a night Pelican Hill! Decor was great. Staff were amazing. Only downside is the AC was broken and the beds are only just above average. Overall love it. P.S. dont park at the hotel. 24/7 secure parking is one block up at 6th and Market for 38 LESS per night. Glad you enjoyed one of our Jacuzzi rooms, ManagmentBee. Sorry the AC wasn't working. That's definitely a one-off and hope it was fixed quickly. We'll see you next time. Justin- AGM
I returned to Hotel Solamar in San Diego at the end of July for a conference.This hotel lives up to Kimpton's reputation for great customer service willingness to please you and make your stay great.This hotel is located one block from the Gas Light district and the emerging East Village which is gaining a reputation for great new restaurants adjacent to the San Diego Padres ball park.All staff members are on top of their game from the front desk staff to Jesse at the pool bar to Guadalupe the housekeeper for my room and Hormand the manager of housekeeping who served as the host of the nightly free wine and beer gathering in the lobby.The hotel is great for business, couples, families and solo. There was a group attending a digital media conference, a honeymoon couple from Italy, a recently engaged couple from San Francisco and families from all over the country with young children. The SD Zoo is a short distance away and is great for young and old alike.The pool is small but the pool area is large and accommodating for food, drinks and lounging to use pool. I was not there on a weekend so the limited number of loungers around the pool was not an issue.There is nothing not to like about Solamar and I would recommend staying there no matter what your reason is for being in San Diego.Hey Richard C thank you for the great review! It sounds like you had a wonderful visit to the Solamar and we couldnt be happier to see that! Its true we love what we do here, I think you felt that first hand from Jesse, Guadalupe and Holman during your visit. Again, thank you so much for the kudos we are happy you came and hope you visit us again soon! Cheers! Shannon Foster
We recently stayed for 1 night on a King Corner Spa room overnight on Christmas day. I was disappointed that we did not get a suite upgrade. I was told by the front desk that our room already was an upgraded room, which was not true. It was almost like having Inner Circle status didn't matter except that I got my usual requested amenity. The room itself was decent and in true Kimpton style, Solamar had its own quirks with its nautical theme. It's starting to look a bit dated so hopefully they will renovate soon. The jacuzzi was good but nothing to die for. It was also bad that the restaurant was closed as I always want to try Kimpton's restaurants. I might stay here again but I'll probably consider the other Kimpton hotel down the street on our next San Diego trip.Hi Carlo, thanks for staying with us and for taking the time to post a review. The King Spa Corner room is indeed an upgraded room and our standard rooms aren't quite as large as the King Spa Corner, nor do they have the Fuji Soaking Tub like the one in your room. We have 16 suites on property of our 235 rooms, and they certainly get reserved up quickly. Sorry about the restaurant being closed during your stay. Jsix is an amazing restaurant, although it was time for a quick refresh. The new look is going to better match the amazing cuisine. We certainly hoped to impress you during your stay better than we did on this trip. I hope we get another chance on your next trip to San Diego, as we want our IC members happy at all costs. Thanks again.
The hotel is very conveniently located, right in the heart of the Gaslamp Quarter with plenty of good restaurants within walking distance. The room was spacious and nicely decorated. Breakfast is in the adjoining JSix restaurant and their eggs were a superb way to set you up for the day. San Diego is a great city to visit and I would thoroughly recommend this hotel for your stay.There is just so much happiness KeithH1955 - what a fantastic review! Im so glad we exceeded your expectations and can't thank you enough for your recommendation. I couldn't agree more that JSix is the best way to begin your day. We cant wait to have you back again soon! Cheers! Shannon Foster
I booked our room through Expedia and was able to get it for 80+ dollars per night. It was a great price for such a trendy and romantic place to stay!The room and bathroom were not only aesthetically pleasing in design, but had good quality beds, linens, curtains, etc. and were extremely clean. I loved the bathroom with its large mirror, wide bath (the shower was heavenly with strong hot water), and colorful blue tiles on a whitewashed wall that simply says Mediterranean to me.The hotel has a great restaurant we did not get to try out, but it was within short distance of great restaurants and bars, the trolley station, and a CVS on the next block. The heated pool and lounge on the rooftop was terrific as well!
Excellent hotel with very friendly employees. Great location within easy walking distance of the convention center and in the midst of many excellent restaurants. The business center consisted of a computer and printer in a hallway but it all worked first rate. Very nicely appointed room. The wine and cheese at happy hour was an very nice feature. Excellent experience!Dear David N,Thank you, we never tire of hearing that about our hotel and team! We're thrilled you had a good time in our home and I hope you make it back soon. We'll have a glass of wine waiting!RobertGeneral ManagerHotel Solamar - a Kimpton Hotel
This was our second visit and we loved it once again. We are upgraded to a King Suite, which provided plenty of room for our family. We came in late and asked to have the pull out ready so we could put our girls to bed and were happy to find everything ready for us. The staff is great and would always greet us by name as we came and went. They provided us with great snacks for the whole family to enjoy. It is always nice having the wine social hour and meeting other guests. There is construction going on right across the street. We were provided ear plugs, but since our little one wakes us up we were up before the work began (about 7am). If you are a really light sleeper you might want to ask for the other side of the building, but it was not that bad.Hello Melody B,Love this review! Thank you so much. Were so glad you and your family enjoyed your 2nd stay. We cant wait for your 3rd stay! JustinAssistant General Manager
Hotel solamar: this is one of the better hotels I've had the pleasure of staying at. Downtown, city glam combined with small boutique charm equated to a delightful stay. From the red bikes you can borrow, the Eco friendly practices, the chic styling, the delightful staff, to the amazing location, the hotel solamar is hard to beat if staying in downtown SD.Location: 5 (perfect for downtown stays, embarcadero, Petco park with bountiful food/shopping choices)Service: 5Price: 4.5 ( .5 point subtraction for high valet overnight charges)Restaurant: 4.5 (half a point subtraction for price, awesome that they are local, organic, and highly sustainable)Pool: 4 (small, but clean rooftop pool)Bar: 4.5 (location and view, but minus half a point for value)Room: 4.5 (chic clean rooms, but slightly cookie cutter. Good size bathroom and living spaces. Amazing view of Petco park and gaslamp)Hello RobChills, Awesome survey! Thank you so much. Were happy you enjoyed so many of our awesome amenities and location. Come back and see us again soon!Justin Assistant General Manager
We stayed at the Hotel Solamar in May during a business trip. The decorum was unique and very striking - beautiful Asian accents and modern angles yet very comfortable and inviting. The location was excellent - easy access to many diverse restaurants. LOUNGEsix on the fourth floor was great during the day by the pool and a fun venue for entertaining clients into the evening especially since fireworks were provided by Petco Park after the baseball game.
I absolutely love this hotel. They treat the guests so well! It was my friends birthday and they brought her champage and cupcakes. I have stayed 6 times and will continue to come back. They are always upgrading me. The bathrooms are really nice some with a jacuzzi tub.Hello Thesehappymoments,Im so glad were your home away from home! Were happy your friend enjoyed her birthday and hope you come back for yours. Well see ya next time! JustinAssistant General Manager
We were visiting San Diego for a few days and stayed at the Hotel Solamar, which was situated in the 'Gas Lamp' area. This was a great location for getting around, eating out and sight seeing. Although the hotel didn't t have its own restaurant, it did have a bar/restaurant next door. Plus there are lots of local cafes for a great breakfast. The only thing we were surprised with was the parking. The hotel only offered valet parking at 45 per night, however there is a multi story car park just down the road at 15 a day, we didn't use our car whilst there and only paid 30 for 2 nights parking instead of 90.I have to say San Diego was a fabulous place to visit and recommend the 'old town trolley tours' to see the sights. A visit to Coronado Island is a must...beautiful.Thank you for the 5 star review 25mary25! I'm glad you loved our location as much as we do! JSix is the restaurant for the hotel, I can certainly see how that can be confusing with the entrance not being right inside the hotel and off the driveway. I hope you are able to try it out next time, you'll love it! I'm thrilled to see that you had such a memorable trip to San Diego, I hope you come back and visit us again soon. Cheers! Shannon
This is the best hotel Ive stayed in in a while The hotel had friendly staff, a great location, free happy hour, the room was nice looking (modern), clean and comfortable. We also lounged by the pool during the day which was quiet and mellow (not a loud party scene) and was perfect. We also ended up having an incredible view of fireworks from the stadium! Most places we ate out at were a 5 minute walk which is also nice. Next time Im in town, I will stay here again. I was in room 520. Best hotel! Love it, Jenin. Thanks so much for the great review. We hope to see you back soon!
Stayed here for 1 night with my 2 children. It was a great location within walking distance of a lot of attractions. The rooftop pool was very nice, well maintained and was not crowded when we were there. The staff, especially at the front desk and valet, was very friendly and attentive. I would definitely stay there again. The only downside, which is typical of all hotels in that area, is the parking situation. Valet is really your only option and it's 49/night.Thanks for the great review, Marie F. I'm really happy to see you and your kids enjoyed the stay. We hope to see you back again soon. Justin Gentry- GM
We stayed here for two nights as part of a 16 day road trip.The hotel is nice, all the staff were very polite and attentive. We were a little worried on check in about the fact that our room was on the same floor and directly overlooked the pool and bar area but we shouldn't have been - there was no noise whatsoever and we had a great night sleep. Only downside was we had to keep our curtains closed.......Nice spacious room, comfortable bed, great bathroom and shower, free continental breakfast at the hotel next door and if you sign up as a Kimpton member you get free wifi and a voucher for drinks at the bar.Nice touches were the umbrella and bathrobes for comfort. Great location as a base for San Diego - only downside was the 42 a night parking but we couldn't be bothered with the hassle of finding it cheaper elsewhere.Would go back there again..........................Hello SarahH81,Thank you for the lovely review! Were glad you enjoyed our location and rooms. Well see you back next time! JustinAssistant General Manager
Visted San Diego and Hotel Solamar on the First Leg of our Honeymoon and were looking forward to visiting as we base our Hotel choices solely on reviews of Trip Advisor.Arrived on Labor Day (national holiday apparently) the day after our wedding and after two flight totally 13hrs and needless to say shattered at around 5pm only to find our room wasn't ready and we would have to wait 10-15mins for it to be ready, that then turned into 30mins and got told we could relax by the pool and they would let us know when it was ready, headed to the pool which was pumping music like a beach party, no problem as we were just happy to find a seat, 45mins later we headed back down and then got told that he by the same receptionist that it would be would only another 15mins as he had been dealing with something else, finally at just after 6 we got our room throughout the saga, we were almost made to feel like we were to blame. The Hotel and the room itself were fantastic and the quality and cleanness of the room were top quality and couldn't be faulted, we had a bottle of champagne and a happy birthday card Which magically later in the day to a Comgratulations card! Which was a nice touch.One of the first things we did find however was that the safe didn't work, which with our passports and cash etc we sure needed. Reported on the phone and were told we could go out and Maintence would repair, that evening when got back it still wasn't fixed, so called again in the morning to ask again and when still not repaired that evening asked reception for 3rd time. Still wasn't repaired so gave up asking!!wine hour was a nice touch, was served most evenings by a lady from the phillipenes who was lovely whenever we saw her, unfortunately on the Tuesday after a long day at the Zoo, there was a older blonde lady serving who was simply Rude and was possible the rudest person we came across, at first we thought she disliked us for bring a younger crowd, however when speaking to other guests in the lift we weren't the only people to notice this.The pool area itself was lovely and offered lovely views over the Gaslamp, unfortunately service wasn't much better when we did visit with the barman being more interested in the baseball game on, than any customers.finally when we did get home to the uk, we checked our credit card statement to find we'd been double billed for our stay, so after long call trying to get someone to help from within the hotel a voicemail was left and the problem that should never happen was resolved quickly.Overall we lovely San Diego, the Hotel we loved and the rooms were lovely, the Valet staff were friendly and the cleaning staff very nice but unfortunately too much poor customer service soured our visit. Especially constant failings over the safe problem and the rude blonde wine lady.We don't ask much where we stay, just a clean room and friendly, smiling and helpful staff, Hotel - Great, Staff.....Customer Service courses needed for many,I suppose what you pay is what you get.
Nicely decorated room with modern furnishings. It has a mini bar with a good selection of drinks to purchase. There is a rooftop pool and lounge on the 4th floor, which is nice on hot days. The room was quiet and an easy to operate thermostat. Nice location in the gas lamp area--lots of night life with in walking distance.Thank you Damon R for the 5 STAR Review! It sounds like everything went perfect with your visit. I'm happy to see that you enjoyed the newly renovated rooms, location and amenities. I hope to have you back with us again when you return to San Diego. All my best, Shannon
Stayed at this Hotel with my wife and 14yr old son for four nights last week and it was faultless. You could easily drive past it when travelling down 6th Street but what a find. Staff at reception were very friendly and helpful as were the young staff at the entrance. The room we had was a 'suite' was perfect. Nice large living room area with a separate bedroom and large bathroom which included a Jacuzzi type large bath and separate shower. My only criticism is that the mattress on the large sofa bed which my son used was a bit rock solid!! Fridge in the living room was very handy with a large TV and another TV in the bedroom. As for the facilities in the hotel the outdoor pool and terrace area was excellent. Spotlessly clean there were plenty of sun loungers, cabana type rest areas (complimentary) as well as other soft seated areas with the bonus of a few 'fire-pits' which came on later in the evening to sit by. There was also a 'get together' hour daily between 5pm 6pm, either in the Hotel lobby or the adjoining 'J Six' bar. This comprised of free wine/beer and snacks and was very enjoyable. Also you had free coffee/tea every morning available in the Lobby area. The Hotel location is also excellent. One block away from the busy 'Gaslamp quarter' with many eating/drinking options, a ten minute walk to the Harbour area and only a couple of minutes walk from 'Petco Park' where the San Diego Padres baseball team play. All in all I cannot fault this hotel....staff were so helpful and friendly, room excellent and the pool bar area a delight to use. San Diego impressed me a lot and if I visit again I will be booking this Hotel without a doubt!!What a lovely review, thank you dingomell! I could not be happier to read all about your visit to the hotel, it sounds like you had a wonderful visit. I appreciate the feedback regarding the pull-out sofa beds, we will certainly take a look at those to see if we can do something about that, thank you for sharing your sons experience with that sofabed. I was particularly pleased to see that you enjoyed the little extra amenities we offer like the social hour and amenities at the pool deck. I love that there is no hesitation to come back and see us again. See you soon! Cheers! Shannon
As per previous reviews, we also encountered closure of the outdoor bar for a private event. We only stayed at the hotel for 2 nights and primarily chose this hotel because of this amenity. The rates are not cheap, and it is quite disappointing to be turned away to go sit in a downstairs restaurant bar instead. The rooms are nice, clean--beds are a bit firm for my taste. Enjoyed the complimentary wine in the evening. Breakfast was good when we used the facility. the location can't be beat...close to bars and restaurants, and the bay walk. Valet parking is 40 a day...pretty high. would recommend hotel once they get the private event closures under control..Dear Susan S.Thanks for your feedback about your recent stay with us. I'm very happy to hear your kind words about our facility and the location certainly can't be beat! I did want to acknowledge your frustration about the event being held at our deck. As you can imagine, it's quite a popular space. Due to its large size we're normally able to section off part of it for private events so that all of our guests can enjoy the area. I appreciate the feedback about what you encountered and want to apologize. We'll make sure that we're cognizant about the best use of the area. Thanks again and I hope you can make it back soon. RobertGeneral ManagerHotel Solamar - a Kimpton Hotel
First, perfect location for PETCO, Convention, and Gas Lamp!Spent 3 nights at Solamar for a convention. First upon arrival I was quickly greeted by the valet and taken care of. They offered bag service but I was okay handling my own. I checked-in quickly with Q and headed straight up to the room on the 7th floor. When I arrived at my room the door was open. It was rather strange but I made sure I knocked and called out because I didn't want to walk in on anything I didn't want to see :)The room was clean. I had a window with a view of another building. Nothing too much there. The TV was massive and to be honest was pleasant because I didn't sacrifice my NFL experience away from home. Here's where my experience got a little ruff. At 4:30 am I was woke up by a screaming child in the adjacent room. I get it, kids are kids, but this screaming was more of an attention getting scream because there was no crying, just screaming. So I tried to sleep and eventually the child stopped screaming. Then at 6:30 the kid was playing and screaming at the same time. That was it, no more sleep for the day. I got up to take a shower just to leave, and that was when I noticed the shower head was leaking from the top, mildew in the tile cracks, and heavy mildew at the drain. Blocked that out of my head and just showered up. I will say the water pressure is on point. When I returned to the room later that day I tried to just relax, and then the kid started screaming. I didn't want to judge the kid and become angry so I called the front desk. Q answered and I explained to him what was going on. He even mentioned on the phone that he could hear the kid through the phone. He quickly provided me two options, I chose one and I was set for the rest of the trip. I moved to the 8th floor, view of the pool and not a peep from anyone or anything. In summary, Q is the reason my review is 4 stars. He saved my trip and experience. I was able to sleep uninterrupted! I knocked the score one point for the cleanliness of the bathroom in 706. The 8th floor bathroom was noticeably cleaner (816). Thanks for a great experience Q and Solamar. Will consider this location as an option in the future!Thank you CAm2317 for this detailed and candid review. I couldn't be happier to see that Q saved the day on your seemingly frustrating visit. I'm very sorry for the experience you had. I have shared your feedback regarding the door having been left open and the shower issue with our Executive Housekeeper for follow up with our team. That feedback is very concerning, it has not been taken lightly and will be used as a training opportunity for our team to ensure that such an experience does not repeat itself. Please feel free to contact me prior to your next visit and I will ensure you have a fantastic visit. Thank you again for writing. All my best, Shannon shannon.fosterhotelsolamar.com
This hotel had it all... outstanding and personable service and quality furnishings (though I understand they are remodeling to make it even better!) Lively complimentary cocktail hour including pub games.Gorgeous pool area with poolside food and bar service and all i an idyllic location in the Gaslamp quarter! Would stay here again and again!Well Angie H...we would love to welcome you back again and again! Thank you for the phenomenal 5 star review! I truly appreciate to taking time to write about your experience. We can't wait to have you back again..hopefully soon! Cheers! Shannon
This is a true Kimpton Hotel experience--pet-friendly, person-centered--just absolutely wonderful. The first night of my stay, the hotel delivered a cheese/cracker/fruit plate (delicious). A paper was hung on my door each morning. The rooms were clean and quiet. The hotel was conveniently located to the Convention Center and in a safe location! Hotel staff were attentive and wonderful! The wine and beer reception hour (complimentary) was nice after a long day at work and play.Dear KrisG3333,Wow, thanks so much! So happy you enjoyed yourself and I'm very grateful for you acknowledging the hard work of our team. Have a great autumn and please come back soon.RobertGeneral ManagerHotel Solamar - a very Kimpton Hotel
This hotel is a block away from the Gaslamp district where you can get great food and good shopping. When I arrive, the room wasn't ready yet but they offer to store my luggage and told me they'll give me a call when my room was ready. You also can't go wrong with the free wine during happy hour!Thanks a great review! Now we have to get you back in hopes to achieve 5 stars :)I'm glad you had a good time in San Diego.... and thanks for staying with us at Solamar.
We were only in the solamar hotel for 2 days but it was one of the best hotel stays we've ever had. The hotel is beautiful and luxurious and provided everything we could have needed- free (and great quality) rental bikes to explore the city, spare toothbrush when my battery ran out, complimentary wine hour every day (with yummy snacks too!), beautiful pool and roof top bar, gorgeous spacious rooms, great location and super friendly, thoughtful and helpful staff. It was my first stay in a kimpton hotel and now I don't want to stay anywhere else! Absolutely a brilliant review! Thank you so much Jen A. Looks like we turned you into a true Kimptonite! We'll see you next time! Justin- AGM
Fantastic hotel with great rooms! Service was good, rooms were clean. The only downside - our room was overlooking the rooftop of a local nightclub so we fell asleep listening to the loud bass from the music. Otherwise great place and would go back again.Dear Mtxstarr,Glad you joined us, although I apologize for the lively neighborhood! There's not too many challenges that arise from a city with such amazing weather, but one of them is that a lot of the bars and restaurants in the Gaslamp are outdoor. That can lead to some issues with noise from time to time! One great room tip ask for a higher room overlooking the East Village (also known as the Ballpark District). There's less noise emanating from the local clubs there. Hope that helps and please come see us again.RobertGeneral ManagerHotel Solamar - a very Kimpton Hotel
Located in the Gas Lamp district the Solamar provided the true Kimpton experience. Each and every staff member I spoke with was friendly and helpful. All provided Excellent Service and again the location was perfect. Look forward to staying there on my next visit to San Diego. Ahhhh the true Kimpton experience! Nothing like it! Glad you enjoyed your stay and the staff was superb! We look forward to you next visit too! Justin- AGM
Great hotel for the price and in a perfect location. Stayed in room 911 (very spacious and a cool view of the pool area). Pets are welcomed on certain floors. Walking distance from several restaurants, clubs, the convention center, and the baseball stadium. The staff is very friendly and ready to help with anything you need.Thanks for a nice review TN! What did you think about the San Diego weather in August, particularly coming from Missouri at that time. Pretty nice huh! :) Hopefully you get a chance to come back and visit again real soon. Thanks for staying with us.
Upon check-in, greeted by wonderful front desk (think her name was Erika). She was so thorough, considerate - walked us through neighborhood map along with restaurant recommendations. Seeing that we were saying for a week, she gave was able to accommodate us by giving a room on the higher floors - 9th floor (which we thought was great attention to service). Was quite thirsty having just arrived, it was great to turn around to see there was free lemon water offered in the lobby! Really nice touch! We also found out later they offer complimentary coffee and tea in the mornings (in the lobby) too!Room met expectation - walked in and was quite pleased. Lovely room decor, nice designer lamps. Although we didn't use it, definitely a beautifully supplied fridge full of soft drinks/water and a nice minibar selection of drinks and snacks. Wifi access was really good! Compared to other hotels I've stayed at, Solamar's internet connection was pretty fast - therefore, more time to relax (instead of just sitting in front of the laptop waiting for page to be loaded). Size of tv was nice and larger than we normally are used to. Also, the remote control itself was CLEAN (meaning, no gunk stuck on it or anything of that sort).Bed itself was slightly on the hard side, though, by the time we finished our day, we were too tired and didn't mind that too much. Good thing was that the pillows were quite nice and soft. Bathroom: it was cool to have it as a sliding door (note: no lock). Amenities - good supply. Shampoo, shower and conditioner is not the mini-sized bottles, rather bottles which are mounted to the tub wall, so well lasts for days ahead. Good counter space where you can spread out all your things. The only thing to really say is about the sink itself. The sink has great visual appeal, though functionally, doesn't work too well, splatter water all over the counter because the sink sits on top of the counter rather than being curved down (if that makes any sense). So, always had to wipe down the counter each time after use.In all, clean modern hotel, which I definitely would be a place to return to for my next San Diego visit!Thank you for the great, and very thorough, review. I'm thrilled that Erika made such a good impression upon your arrival, she is very friendly and fun to talk to. Thank you for your stay with us and I'm glad we had a positive impact on your vacation. Hope to see you again.
I visited this property twice in the last 12 months. Needless to say, I was very impressed at the attention to detail paid by every employee I encountered during my stay. From the front desk to housekeeping, hotel staff never missed a beat. I will definitely stay at this property in the future.Of special note, the personalized notes of appreciation from Tina with housekeeping were a pleasure to receive by my wife and me both. Her thoughtfulness and personal touch made coming back to the room after a full day a true pleasure. She certainly sets the bar in professionalism with a personal touch!! Well done!Thank you Larry-AK for not only staying with us but for taking time to write about your absolutely lovely experience. We are very lucky to have Tina on our team and I could not be happier to see that her notes were one of the key highlights during your visit. I truly appreciate the feedback as does our team, we can't wait to welcome you and your wife back again soon. All my best, Shannon
We were excited to stay at this hotel based on a friend's recommendation. It's in a great location -- near the Gaslamp district and within walking distance of the Convention Center. The dcor is modern and trendy. We enjoyed the hotel's daily happy hour at 5 pm.We were surprised at the noise level from Room 619, there is no soundproofing, at all -- you can hear guests from adjacent rooms as if they were actually in your room. The noise from the hallway carries, as well as the noise from the 4th floor lounge/pool area!We had an early check-out on February 5. After checking with the staff the evening before, I was assured that it would not be a problem. The morning of our departure, the attendant on duty said he was unable to provide my receipts because he was running a process, but that he would e-mail them to me. Because this was work-related travel, I was explicit with what I needed him to e-mail me. I received an e-mail 1-1/2 hours later, it was missing one of two receipts I requested. I called the hotel upon landing in Baltimore and asked the attendant to e-mail the room receipt. Nothing. I called again at 7:24 p.m. and Martha (I believe) finally e-mailed the receipt.We parked a vehicle on site. The valets were always helpful. The 41 per day valet fee is steep considering some of the other hotels allow self-parking for 30.If we visit San Diego again, we'll look at other hotels before re-booking at this one.Hello Erp757,Thanks for the review. Were happy you enjoyed our location and happy hour with local beer and wine. Sorry about the receipt mishap- bad timing on our part. We find that our parking prices match those in the area with secured, in-and-out privileges. Hopefully you will give us another shot to impress you. Thanks again.
Hotel Solamar was a really nice hotel. The rooms were very cute and contemporary. Its kind of dark when you first walk into the hotel itself after being outside in sunny California. I didn't have to interact with the staff often but checking in and out was quick and they were friendly. I was happy that they allowed us to check in early without any problem. Since I'm from Texas, its not the norm to have to pay to park, especially 32 per day. So that was pretty steep and not pleasant. The valet guys were polite and tried to be quick in getting the car. Although I'd have preferred skipping the whole valet thing because I'd have saved money in the constant tips and it would've been faster. But I suspect that this was how it is at all the hotels in San Diego so I couldn't be that disappointed in the parking situation. The beds were comfortable and they had nice flat screen TVs. The rooms were very nicely decorated and I was impressed. The only odd thing was that there weren't any drawers. The bathrooms were also nice. I just love the Aveda toiletries that they provide. One complaint that I do have is that there is a nightclub in the building and around 11pm the music can be heard in the room for a few hours. Luckily I was tired enough to sleep through it but it is very loud. Overall, I wasn't disappointed and I'd probably stay there again but I'd ask for a room as far away from that club as possible.Thank's for your feedback.I am truly sorry that the music from our lounge keep you from a great night sleep. I am happy that your overall experience was positive. Thank's for staying with us.
Kimpton Hotels are an amazing brand if you never have tried them I would recommend it!Hipster hotels, free wine/beer hour, great style and good experience most of the time...With that said we booked months in advance and worked with NickHotel Solamar on this being a special birthday weekend and we wanted a room with a view of the ball park as we where coming in to scout the hotel for a major event happening in Feb 2015 Petco Stadium.This was Labor Day weekend but we checked in on Sunday mid day and it was train wreckLine of people 20 deep waiting outside for valet, so it kept people from being able to get in, no bell staff helping new people coming in only people leavingWe stood there 15+ min before I had to yell to get a bell men to help No staff to open big massive doors and we had to drag in our own luggage By the time we get to front desk the agent seemed a little put off with helping out and told us our room would not be ready for a few hours then points back out side to stand in line to get luggage stored Seriously You would think in a big weekend you would have managers or assistant manager downstairs directing the chaos but didn't see anyone of authority Its now 5p and we get a call our room is finally ready so we come back in to the same person and she is still in a put off mood and never tells us about the pool, free bicycles to use, the wine/beer happy hour etcIts interesting that some younger people in the hospitality industry forget how big a part they can play in a customer experience after all most of us our on pleasure vacations at the time we come and interact.The hotel itself in beautiful deep wood tones, velvet, lot of room and open space which for downtown San Diego is rare! The room itself was very big (King special) very nice open with big windows that...wait for it...Over looked a massive construction site the website doesnt warn you about nore did the front desk etcSo be warned its a high rise coming so this build may take years do not get a room on the north. The pool was nice but not a lot of shade and it was hot that day. Great Happy Hour on Sunday/Monday holiday.Staff was hit and miss some could care less when you came and went and no interaction. Bell men never greeted or open the doors which when you have packages from shopping, a dog etc...its simply courtesy! Crystal the from desk was so nice stopping us asking how are day was, where had we gone, and always had a treat for our dog!There is a lot of places to eat in the area, lot to do, light rail is right down the street, Petco Stadium is a block away, convention center 2 blk away, Horton plaza a 20 min walk.Would we stat again..I dont think so, with Hard Rock, Omni, Hilton Bayside, even the Hyatt Grand at the other end of downtown there is just to many options for other hotel when you have bad service that didn't live up to the Kimpton Experience.Side note the management comp the room etc after that fact which was thoughtful but hoping a major retraining on hospitality going forward.Dear RollPositive Thank you for your feedback from your visit over Labor Day weekend. As previously mentioned in our prior correspondence, we agree, it was a busy weekend and we could have certainly done a better job to be prepared. We are happy to share that we have addressed this opportunity with our leaders and are better prepped for the future. Thank you again for your feedback.Terry BuchholzGeneral Manager
Enjoyed our visit and service was great! Appreciated the good restaurant recommendations from the front desk staff. Got the corner room on the 10th floor overlooking Petco park which was a bonus. The huge bathroom and super deep bathtub was awesome. Special shout out for Tina who was our room attendant who left us personal notes each day after servicing our room. Loved the proximity in the gas lamp, we could walk to so many things. We would stay here again when visiting SD again.I cant thank you enough jadoc for your glowing review! We have an incredible team here that genuinely cares about every guest that walks through our doors and I am beyond thrilled that you experienced it firsthand with Tina. I will be sure to recognize her for taking such wonderful care of you. Thanks so much for taking time to write. I hope to have you back with us again soon. Cheers! Shannon
The service is superb, the little extras, like the wine reception, appreciated, the property well kept and pretty, the location is fantastic, and best of all, we got a chance to really, truly relax! We chose the master suite, which had a private patio, large bedroom and doors that could close off the living area. This was essential because we had our 18 month old with us and it was so nice to be able to put him to bed and still be able to stay up and enjoy a bottle of wine, a movie, and grab drinks from the pool bar and hang on our patio. It was almost like we were on an actual date. The pool was lovely, and yes, the whole family was there, including the dog. The front desk staff was won over by his scruffy ways and kept giving him treats. He was in heaven - especially when we took him to Ocean Dog Beach, just a short drive away. We love Kimptons! I just wish the rooms with separate living area weren't sooooo much more . It's worth it when you have a little one - otherwise we'd have to tiptoe around in the dark for fear of waking him up or go to bed at 8pm - but it's harder on a family budget to spend that much extra on the room. Still...we had a fantastic time!
Nice hotel with a very friendly staff. Enjoyed the happy hour every day. A great chance to grab a free drink and meet some of the other guests. Great central location in Gaslamp, very close to PetCo and tons of restaurants. Also has a rooftop bar which is nice. Walls seemed thin, could hear the same baby cry a few rooms down, but other than a little noise and limited room service, a nice place to stayHi John B,Thank you for the great review. We love mingling with our guests at our happy hour too! We really appreciate it and hope to see you back soon!
Very nice hotel and room in perfect location. Front desk staff polished and smart. Only downside was that Jose in particular really didn't want to do any more than the bare minimum for us when asked to, which was a shame as it tainted our view of the hotel. Kimpton are guilty of shamelessly ripping their customers off with a 12 dollar charge for 2 bottles of water left in our room. Would love to hear them justify that, but that's a minor point and all in all this is a good hotel with a nice pool area too.Dear UK Guest Thank you very much for the positive comments on our hotel and location and more we truly value the loyalty of our guests and recognize the investment you make in selecting our hotel among so many options in San Diego. I am sorry that a member of our staff was not responsive to your needs and expectations we review our guest surveys and comments weekly and I assure you that your feedback will discussed. Perceptions are a hard reality and our team needs this information to better understand how to improve our guest service experiences. This same feedback and information also allows us to review our operations and processes including the sale of bottled water in our guest rooms. The cost is noted on the cap but we do understand that this might be overlooked. Solamar hopes to see you back soon!Best regards, Mark DibellaGeneral Manager
We stayed at the Solamar as part of our honeymoon last week. We arrived after a long drive and straight away we were hit with 3 big charges. 45 a day to park your car there which seemed slightly excessive! And then one of my biggest gripes with hotels...12 for wifi...I just don't get in this day and age how a hotel can still charge you for wifi. Then after a week of travelling down California we had quite a bit of washing...on average they charge about 6 per item. so it would have been over 100 just to wash a few items of clothing...luckily we found a laundrette on 4th avenue. (and free wifi in a caf round the corner)That's the bad stuff out of the way!Now the good stuff!Great location to discover San Diego. Was a walk to Balboa Park...and a walk to the harbour. They sent us a bottle of Champagne and strawberries in chocolate as a honeymoon gift (the only hotel on our honeymoon that acknowledged our celebration - not that we expect any freebies but it is nice!)The room was great...modern clean and spaciousTheres a nice rooftop area with seating bar and a small poolThe staff were very friendly and helpful.Breakfast is situated at the adjoining caf which was nice.So almost full marks but not quite!First off Lifeshouldbeaholiday, I love your username and 100 agree, life should be a holiday! Thank you for the candor used while sharing feedback regarding your visit with us. So happy to see that our team took such fantastic care of you and congratulations on your marriage! I know those additional charges can add up quickly, we do offer complimentary internet for our Kimpton Karma Rewards members (which is a free loyalty program) and fortunately the free internet with that program is good at all Kimpton hotels. We do occasionally offer exclusive deals for our Kimpton Karma guests as well that include discounted parking, if you choose to sign up, it will certainly help save some money on those additional charges. I hope we will be able to welcome you back again, maybe for your anniversary if not sooner. Cheers! Shannon
The Westin is located right downtown about 3 blocks from the center of the Harbor - an easy walk. As a matter of fact cruisers can be seen dragging their bags from the cruise pier to the hotel the walk is so short. The hotel is modern style and from the interior one could be anywhere in a Westin. Room was large and comfortable, clean. Didn't use the restaurants or bar as preferred to walk down to Harbor area. Very good advance purchase internet rate made it even more attractive. Will stay here again.notnecessary - Thank you for sharing your feedback with Trip Advisor. We find our location to be perfect for all types of guests. We are centrally located between several neighborhoods making it easy to walk and get around without having a vehicle. Always remember to check Westin.com for great promotional rates. We look forward to seeing you again soon. Be Well, Alyssa TurowskiGeneral Manager
The best bartender I've ever had! EVER! Super welcoming and nice. Gave great recommendations on drink choices and was super attentive! Definitely order the wine cocktails and the macaroni and cheese. He'll create whatever you like to drink too!AnnieBruck - Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback with Trip Advisor. I will be sure to share your feedback with Sean and the team. He is very creative and enjoys creating specialty cocktails.We look forward to welcoming you back. Be Well, Alyssa TurowskiGeneral Manager
Stayed here for 3 nights with my girlfriend. We loved San Diego and this hotel was in a great location. Walking distance (and safe walking day or night) to the Gaslamp Quarter and to the Harbour. And the street does not get too much traffic so uber/taxi/shuttle pick up and drop off is easy (10 minute drive to the zoo and SeaWorld and Petco Park). The room itself was fantastic. We got a room with a great view of the city and bay. The room was very clean with great air con, comfy bed, and hot shower. I really wanted to give this place 5 stars but I couldn't because of the wifi. It's free, but it was useless. Could not stay connected and when I could it was awfully slow. But we still had a good time and this hotel overall, only enhanced our stay in San Diego. We will be back! (hopefully the wifi will be improved by the time we do ) )EN4C3R- Thank you for your loyalty to the Westin San Diego. We are so thrilled you enjoy our location, breakfast and the Westin Heavenly brand products. We are also currently planning our CAT6 wifi upgrade throughout the entire hotel and will be very excited when this is completed. We look forward to your return to sunny San Diego and getting that 5 star review from you next time!Be Well, Alyssa Turowski, General Manager
Our extended family of 13 had an unbelievably, magical weekend in San Diego visiting Legoland, Sea World and USS Midway. All locations are close with USS Midway only a 12 minute walk.All the staff were incredibly welcoming and super helpful. The Breakfast buffet and room service exceeded our expectations! The waffles were outstanding! Kids menu and pricing were top notch!! Loved the popcorn in the lobby, and the spectacular glass elevator. We travel a lot as a family and this was one of the best experiences!!sharenc870 - Thank you for the amazing review! Our team really enjoyed taking care of your family while you were here and I am so pleased the experience left you with magical memories of both San Diego and our hotel. We can't wait to welcome you back on your next trip. Kind Regards, Alyssa TurowskiGeneral Manager
In San Diego for work and enjoyed A lovely quiet room as always extremely comfortable Westin bed great view of the city well run facility pleasant efficient and very helpful staff. Weather was cold but the pool looked lovely I will stay at the Westin San Diego againThank you for complimenting our property, Lucile B! As you mentioned our Our signature Westin Heavenly Bed is like landing on a cloud after a long day. Until next time!
The Westin San Diego is a nice hotel, with pleasant rooms and a good bed ( including pillows).The internet is vey good and nice staff.The bar is too expensive (7 one water).Has a Starbucks for a quick breakfast as well has their own restaurant.If you are planning to go to the congress center you may need to have 15-20 min walk.Mariana G - Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback. The Westin Heavenly Bed is the best bed in the industry and we are in the process of replacing all our beds in the hotel. There is nothing better than a heavenly night sleep. I believe you are referring to the Convention Center when referencing the congress center. We are 10 blocks from the center but in San Diego, that is a quick and easy walk. We hope to welcome you back again. Kind Regards, Alyssa TurowskiGeneral Manager
The location in the heart of downtown was perfect, within walking distance of the harbor, seaport, Gaslamp District, etc. The room was very clean and spacious. Downside: charging 49/day to park our car! cwilsonjensen - Thank you for sharing your review with us. We're thrilled that found our location perfect for the needs of your visit. We do offer the option for curbside service Valet with in and out privileges, however there are several self parking options to choose from as well that are not affiliated with the hotel. Thank you again for your valuable feedback, and we hope to welcome you back soon.
The Westin San Diego has no Customer service or satisfaction, at all. They only try to get as much money out of your pocket as possible, they are 100 inflexible, the response in communication is very slow, you need to send questions a couple time to get the right answers, they send important information last minute or after a couple time of re-asking, Pro-activity is certainly one thing they are not aware of and the capacity-chart they send is far beyond any reality.Lavalampe0815 - I am sorry to hear of your recent experience and would be happy to connect personally with you to further discuss. Your experience does not mirror the normal guest experience here at the Westin San Diego and it is unfortunate I am learning of this through Trip Advisor. Please feel free to contact me directly. Sincerely, Alyssa TurowskiGeneral Manager
We recently stayed at the Westin for a conference. The hotel and hotel staff were great. We interacted mainly with the restaurant/bar lobby staff and they were all helpful, friendly. The standout came from Carter the last night of the show. After attending a few networking events, we came back to the hotel after last call and with most places around us closed. Being a week night, the downtown area shut down pretty quickly. Carter made several recommendations and was extremely personable (I know we couldn't have been an easy group). While we waited for our food to be delivered I watched Carter park a few cars, speak with guests as they entered and made sure the entrance of the hotel was clean and tidy for guests. It's always nice to see people doing their jobs with a smile on their face. Thanks Carter!AubreeJean - I am so happy to read you enjoyed your entire experience. Our valet team is one of the best and I appreciate your taking the time to recognize their efforts, specifically Carter! Thank you for the 5 star review on Trip Advisor and we hope you will come back and stay with us again, should your travels bring you to San Diego. Be Well, Alyssa Turowski, General Manager
Recently had an enjoyable 3 night stay at the Westin. It is definitely a business meeting destination, but is well located in downtown San Diego. I do not recommend it for family vacations. The service from all was very good as were the meals. The rooms have different shapes, but are comfortable. The shower has a rain forest shower head plus a wand on a hose. The lighting in the bathroom is excellent. So if you are on a business trip you will enjoy.Dear Jim F,We are a great choice for business and leisure. Our location makes it easy to get to all of downtown San Diegos attractions. The Midway, Childrens Museum and the World Famous San Diego Zoo are only minutes from the hotel. I am pleased to hear that you enjoyed our Westin Heavenly Bath. Our showerhead, the drench, is there to help renew and relax your senses during your stay. Our signature heavenly mirrors in our newly remodeled bathrooms guarantee you put your best face forward. I look forward to seeing you again the next time you travel to San Diego.Remain Well, Alyssa TurowskiGeneral Manager
Short but very good stay! Very quick, pleasant and efficient check-in! Makes you wonder why some hotels still choose to go with the 10 minute check in scenario. Room was spotless with all necessary amenities. Staff also very polite both at Reception and Housekeeping. I was a bit annoyed that my card was charged without asking me as I wanted to pay cash upon departure. Perhaps in future it will be nice to give your guests the choice.Overall though a good stay! Hello DinosEdinburgh, It's a pleasure to hear your feedback about your check in experience. I'm sorry to hear about the advance charge, I believe this was only an authorization because we don't charge anything until check out. Our guests are always welcome to change their form of payment to cash upon departure. Thank you for choosing to stay with us and I hope we can welcome you back soon. Be well, Alyssa Turowski, General Manager
I was placed in this hotel for a medical conference. The quality of the accommodation was poor, 3 star level at the most. The hotel is badly in need of a makeover and I would avoid staying there until the owners decide to do that. The swimming pool is tiny, and the photographs of it are misleading. Overall a disappointing experience. I didmt like the fact that it wasn't possible to open the windows in the room.englishmaninmidtown - It is unfortunate to read you did not enjoy your recent experience at the Westin San Diego. The hotel completed a 15 million renovation in 2014 which included our public areas, meeting space and guestrooms. We are a high rise building in a large downtown city, therefore our building windows do not open. There is an air vent at the window to allow for outside air but the windows unfortunately do not open. This feature assists with noise control as well providing our guests with a heavenly nights rest.I hope you will continue to look to Westin's when traveling as I truly believe our brand and its offerings are the best in the industry. Kind Regards, Alyssa TurowskiGeneral Manager
I stayed here about a week recently for business for some lengthy meetings. My hotel room was nice and well kept. Very clean. The staff was attentive. The conference room was good. Adequate A/V and the food the hotel prepared for the meetings were breakfast, lunch and snacks during the days I was there. All were quite good and well prepared. Give the chef a raise. If youre having or hosting a meeting or traveling on business this is a good hotel to stay. Its a quick ride to the airport and they offer a free shuttle. This location was fine for me. I like to walk but the hotel really isnt that close to anything. Surrounding restaurants were kind of scant. Mostly lunch joints. Youre close to the courthouse and government buildings here. The scenery around you isnt good. I felt the walk outside the hotel seemed a bit sketchy - especially after dark. Exiting the hotel right on Broadway takes you to the waterfront attraction. Lots of homeless, druggies and weirdos down along the waterfront that can be off putting. Its not too far from the hotel but not that close to the hotel, either. Exit the hotel to the left and you can walk to the gas lamp area. Its definitely a hike. Id suggest not walking to the gas lamp all the way on Broadway as the neighborhood down that way gets kind of gritty with a lot of homeless and panhandlers. If you walk to the gas lamp area from the hotel head down Broadway and go down 4th and then cut over to the gas lamp area. This 4th Street seemed to be a safer to me. Overall, this hotel was good. Some things fell a little short such as the pool area. It was a super small skinny lap pool. The deck area near it was a nice place to get some late day sun but they dont do the deck area any justice. Its uneventful. No bar area and nothing to speak of happening there. Just some couches and lounge chairs. The hotel should play this area up more. The hotel bar area was okay but most people are in and out at this place. No real reason to hang around. A lot of the local restaurants have good and affordable happy hour food and drink specials so be sure to get out, walk and explore. If youre a baseball fan do stop and see a Padres game. The stadium is a great experience. Finally, this is a good place to stay when traveling for business.Thank you for staying at the Westin San Diego. We are in an amazing location and offer great amenities that include a number of amenities such as: round trip airport transportation, internet, bottle water in all guestrooms, snack hour daily, local and domestic long distance phone calls, 24/7 Texting service, * Newly added 10 off Spa services, bike rental up to 4 hours, and ticket for the Midway. We hope you choose to create more memories here whenever your travels bring you back to San Diego.Be Well, Alyssa Turowski, General Manager
We had a very good stay in this hotel: the location was very central, close to some excellent restaurants and bars. The room was very spacious, good views and the staff very helpfull.Would stay there again!Claire d,I am delighted to hear you enjoyed your stay at the Westin San Diego. Our upgraded bay view rooms have some of the best views in San Diego. Our hotel has views of Tijuana Mexico, the bay, Coronado, North Island and the military base, the airport and also many city views. Our central location makes it easy to get around to all of the local attractions. We are proud of the beautiful surroundings and know it helps our guests leave feeling better than when they arrived. Be Well,Alyssa TurowskiGeneral Manager
Just had a 3 night stay here with a friend for a short trip to San Diego. Had a twin room in the Westin which was absolutely perfect - very clean, spacious and really comfy beds. Ideal spot near the Airport and walking distance to Little Italy, Gaslamp Quarter and the waterfront.We had breakfast included but what we weren't told until we questioned it, is the room has a maximum allowance of 45 for breakfast. As the buffet is 24.95 plus tax each, you will have to dip into your pocket AGAIN...sneaky...!!Also, our flight wasn't until 2045, so we put our bags in storage early and headed out for the day. When we got back at 1800, we asked if possible to have a shower and change before our 11hr flight home, to which we were advised we couldn't as no changing facility and just have to use the restrooms. I did ask about the spa facilities but again advised no showering facility at all.Very disappointing for a hotel of this stature. Would I stay here again, probably not for the reasons stated, but IS a very nice hotel and the location is excellent.chsparra - It is unfortunate to read your review and apologize your experience was less than expected, primarily focused around the breakfast allowance and shower facilities. Our breakfast buffet offers more than 30 options and several made to order items, allowing you to custom create to your liking. If you become an SPG member you would also receive a 15 discount off breakfast as well. Due to the various types of packages available that include breakfast we are unable to price match all the package prices for breakfast and try to find a fair and close option. We have considered adding a hospitality room to a future hotel upgrade to help us stand out from the other downtown hotels, however at this time, that is not an amenity we offer. I'm sorry this was a disatisfier and I hope that you will still consider Westin as a brand for future stays. Be Well, Alyssa Turowski, General Manager
The rooms are very spacious, clean and tidy. The staff were great a special mean trio to Donald Montenegro who was customer service personified. A huge thank you for sorting out the issues and for the recommendations. Had coffee and snack before leaving the hotel enjoyable. Valet parking.KennethSmith - Thank you for your review and for recognizing our Housekeeping Manager for his efforts. Donald has grown within our hotel professionally from the front office to housekeeping and is a true asset to our team. He loves interacting with our guests and always ensures they leave feeling better than when they arrived. I will be sure to share your feedback with Donald and the team. Be Well, Alyssa TurowskiGeneral Manager
Stayed there for a conference (Great conference area by the way) and found the room spacious, very clean and comfortable. Absolutely love the bed - I have bad back problem and I was able to sleep all night. The food in the hotel dining and bar areas is very good and a little pricey as in any hotel. The hotel is in a central area where you can walk a short distance to the Gaslamp area (a historical area with shopping and restaurants) the bayfront where you can visit the Maritime Museum where you can enjoy hopping aboard sailing ships, pilot boats, submarines and explore the museum or visit Little Italy, and well it is a great hotel with a helpful staff. We really enjoyed our stay.Bobby S - What a great review! I am delighted to see that we exceeded your expectations. We are a perfect choice for business or pleasure while visiting San Diego. Centrally located between the Gaslamp, Little Italy and the harbor, we are walking distance to great shops and dining. Here at the Westin San Diego, we know that great service is what brings our guests back. Our Westin Heavenly Beds are the best in the industry. They definitely help you leave feeling better than when you arrived. Did you know you can purchase the exact same bed at Nordstroms, Pottery Barn or online at Westin at home. We look forward to welcoming you back the next time you are in town.Remain Well,Alyssa Turowski
3 night stay during MLB All-star weekend. Originally opted for the Westin Gaslamp property, but this was 3 blocks further west and rates were better so opted for this choice. Not disappointed. Ocean views from 19 floor room, comfortable Westin beds, and nice lobby bar. 15 minute walk to Petco Park and easily found street parking within 1 block of hotel each evening, which was surprising for the downtown location. Will stay again when in town. Pool and fitness center were a bit disappointing from Westin standards. Complimentary Wi-fi for SPG members, otherwise paid.hvlewfamily - I am pleased to read you found our location to be convenient to all the festivities for the All Star Baseball events. It is unfortunate to hear you didn't enjoy our outdoor pool, Jacuzzi and sun deck. This area is open from 6am to 10pm daily with views of downtown and the bay. Our WestinWORKOUT Fitness Studio is open 24 hours a day and recently we added several new pieces of equipment (bikes, leg machines and an ab machine). I am glad you enjoyed your overall experience and appreciate you taking the time to share your experience with Trip Advisor.Kind Regards, Alyssa TurowskiGeneral Manager
All around a great business stay with good rooms. Pool/spa could have been a little cleaner but gym was very good with dumbbells, cable machine, and top-end cardio machines. Business lunches were very good and bar was well priced.Ben K,Thank you for reviewing your stay at the Westin San Diego. I am delighted to hear you enjoyed our WestinWorkout Fitness Studio and dining choices. You can get a total body workout with all our equipment and we also offer a gear lending program just in case you forgot to pack workout gear. We provide many SuperFood options in all our outlets to help you make healthy decisions while you travel. We hope to invite you back soon whether for business or leisure.Kind Regards,Alyssa TurowskiGeneral Manager
Our company had a two day meeting at the hotel and besides the fact that the hotel itself is excellent with updated rooms and a great location the staff is what made the experience exceptional. We had the chance to spend some off-time at the lobby bar (...in the lobby) and the servers were impeccable. I can't say enough on how accommodating they were for our large group but in the end what made this a memorable event was Ron Romero from Banquets. Ron took care of us all day long each day and was so attentive you never felt like you were missing anything and if by chance you did Ron was right there to take care of it. You could tell Ron loves what he does and his attention to detail should be commended. Thanks Ron!!!Jason L - Thank you for sharing your experience with Trip Advisor from your recent stay and meeting held at the Westin San Diego. I am pleased to read your overall experience exceeded your expectations from the staff, to the venue and the new modern design, as a result of our recent 15 million transformation. We are so proud of our new property and it shows through the staff's enthusiasm and desire to provide the 5 star service your received by so many, including Ron. Thank you for personally recognizing Ron for his efforts and I will be sure to share your feedback with Ron and his team. This is how it should feel! Be Well, Alyssa TurowskiGeneral Manager
I loved my stay at The Westin for a conference. It was within walking distance of the Gaslamp area and convenient to the water and ferry to Coronado as well as the trolley. The staff was amazing - everyone I encountered went out of their way to be attentive and nice. The bed and linens are super soft. There was a medium sized pool and hot tub. Modern and clean building and I loved the fresh water and fruit in the lobby. Plus, one afternoon there was a happy hour with wine and cheese for free. That was a nice touch!DawnNYC3 I love hearing how you enjoyed all parts of your stay, from our convenient downtown location to friendly staff and the Westin Heavenly bed. We hope you join us again soon!Be Well,Alyssa TurowskiGeneral Manager
I had the most pleasant experience at checkin today thanks to Leon Williams. It is so nice when the start of the hotel experience is off to a great start from checkin. Leon is friendly, helpful, and amiable. Every checkin experience should be this fabulous and wonderful. Thank you for the fantastic 5 star review! I am so happy you enjoyed your entire experience. Leon will be very happy to see he made an impact and I appreciate your taking the time to recognize his efforts. We look forward to welcoming you back to sunny San Diego and the Westin San Diego on your next trip.
I stayed here 8/15/14 and they were able to get me an early check-in which was before 12pm to which i am very appreciative. The room was comfy for a single person. Big comfortable bed. They have those rain shower fixture + a hand held shower in the bathroom. The place is very close to the gas lamp area and to the train station which is what I took to San Diego. The front desk people are very pleasant.RCAlvarez, All of our guest rooms hold the Westin Signature Heavenly Bed and Drench showerhead. We guarantee a superior slumber on our Westin Heavenly Bed. A Classic white bed with 5 standard pillows and sheets, you can relax with ease. Our Drench rain shower and signature white tea and aloe bath products create a spa like essence to further renew your senses. You can take them all home with you from our Westin at Home online store! Thank you for your review and I hope you visit again soon.Remain Well,Alyssa TurowskiGeneral Manager
The space and amenities are great. Most staff friendly and helpful. Good food and drink. Room was clean and quiet. However ... I saw the same clump of hair on the pool deck two days in a row. We also waited for the hotel shuttle for over an hour at the airport, and it never showed, so we had to take a cab. The front desk staff made it up to us when we arrived though. Give it a try.283pamelag - Thank you for your feedback on Trip Advisor, I have shared your feedback with the team and apologize for the missed opportunities with the pool and shuttle. I am however delighted to hear the front office turned the experience around for you.We hope you will come back and stay with us again, should your travels bring you to San Diego. Be Well, Alyssa Turowski, General Manager
This hotel was beautiful had amazing views!! I loved how they provided a nice shuttle to pick you up from airport for free. The staff were extremely friendly upon arrival.They upgraded me to a room with a view over the bay,free of charge since it was my first time visiting! The view was amazing too,again! The beds were heavenly I will be back! Ps. Food was also amazing! Must get their ice cream brownie split ) Kayla M,It is wonderful to hear that we could help make your first visit to San Diego a memorable one. I am happy to hear that our location, views, service and food exceeded your expectations. Thank you for your review and I look forward to welcoming you back.Remain Well,Alyssa TurowskiGeneral Manager
My 4-star rating is based on the quality of the room and customer service, which was very good. Staff (other than the heavyset girl at the coffee bar) was phenomenal, and very accommodating. As for the coffee bar girl, she was quite friendly with the men in front of me, but gave me attitude because I asked for a sesame seed bagel. Her response (quite haughtily) was, Those AREN'T sesame seed bagels, we ONLY have everything bagels. I asked for the bagel toasted. It was not very busy, and she began to busy herself with the tip jar. I noticed that my bagel had popped out of the toaster and she did not move to retrieve it. I mentioned that the bagel was ready, and she gave me this LOOK, like, I'm busy, OK She put down the tip jar and handed me my bagel. Later that same afternoon, I walked past the area and she once again gave me the same haughty look. Also, 40 a day for valet parking! Luckily, we were able to find parking next door for 20 a day (which happened to be where the hotel valet parked your car!). Of note, the valet told us that the 20 rate required parking after 12:00 noon, and moving the car out before 12:00 noon the next day. Once again, good service/tip. Moving the car was no problem, as we took a drive to Coronado in the morning, and returned in the late afternoon. In room, a complimentary 16 oz. bottle of water every day if you have housekeeping. Otherwise, everything else is a charge. Only one free movie channel, all other movies are pay per view. Gaslamp area is at least 5-6 blocks away. Some areas seemed more safe to walk through than others to get there. Suggest State Street to G Street, then take G all the way to 5th (Gaslamp area). The walk to the embarcadero not bad. Just plan on doing a lot of walking. However, the trolley stop is just a block away, so easy to get to other places like the zoo and Old Town! We could hear the trolley at night, which my husband thought was cool, as he thought it sounded like thunder. All in all, it was a good stay.greysquirrelGirl - Thank you for the detailed review. I am happy to hear you enjoyed our location and all that we have to offer. It is unfortunate to read of your experience with one of our staff members, as this is far from the norm, and I sincerely apologize it left the impression it did on you. We are known and recognized more frequently for our great customer service and we strive to ensure all our guests leave feeling better than when they arrived. I hope you will give us another try, as I am confident we would earn a 5 star rating from you. Remain Well, Alyssa TurowskiGeneral Manager
This is a stunning hotel situated in the heart of San Diego.The bedrooms are a good size, clean bright. The Westin staff - the Luggage guys, the Concierge, the Barman and the Reception people were all very helpful and happy to help.We would happy to return to the Westin San Diego.paulselfridge- It's a pleasure to hear you enjoyed all of our team members. We love what we do and where we work. I hope we will see you again soon too! - Be well, Alyssa Turowski, General Manager
My stay at the Westin San Diego was an amazing experience. The hotel was beautiful, pristine, very classy. The rooms were also very nice. I would like to give a shout out to the concierge Maximilian, he was so personable and accommodating. His recommendations for restaurants and tips for exploring the city really made our trip to San Diego a great one. Would most definitely recommend the Westin and loved San Diego!Loriemizark - Thank you for your recommendation. 5 star review and for taking the time to personally recognize Maximilian. He does a great job and his knowledge of San Diego is top notch. We look forward to welcoming you back again soon. Be Well, Alyssa Turowski, General Manager
We stayed 3 nights over Labor Day weekend 2014. My husband, daughter (6), and I were happy with the hotel, especially considering we booked on Priceline, naming our price if only 160.00 per night. This caliber of a hotel on Labor Day weekend would have cost twice that without priceline.Priceline did have us set up in a king room, but at checkin the staff was very courteous and accommodating and moved is into the largest available double room on the 7th floor. The luggage service was great, getting all of our bags to our room within 5 minutes of our arrival and also sharing perspective on local beaches that my daughter may enjoy. The room was very large (considering location) and extremely clean. We enjoyed the location and easily took a few walks to local attractions. We walked to Seaport village, Pier B to see the sand castle competition, the mall, the heart of gas lamp quarter twice or 3 times to eat and little Italy twice. Self parking across the street had a 35 dollars per day rate. We also drove to local beaches (mission, pacific, coronado) and the zoo easily getting pretty much everywhere in 25 min or less. We visited the pool one afternoon which was small but very clean with a perfect water temp and adequate for the number of folks using it. Overall the hotel was a great place to stay, extremely affordable, clean and has a wonderful location! Konrinna D,I am pleased you had a wonderful stay with us in San Diego! Here at Westin, we always do our best to accommodate your needs. Whether it is getting you in the right room to service, we strive to exceed all your expectations. Our location is also one of the most favorable aspects of this hotel - we are nestled in between a few ideal neighborhoods allowing you easy access to the Gaslamp Quarter, Little Italy, the Harbor and Seaport Village. We are also just minutes from Balboa Park.Thank you for your review and I hope to see you and your family back in San Diego again soon!Kind Regards,Alyssa TurowskiGeneral Manager
I booked a city view room instead of courtyard but maybe that was a bad idea. Everyday we got woken up around 5-6am by ambulance or police or fire truck on the street (and we had a room on the 7th floor!!) We didn't use the pool so cannot comment on that. Location was close to Downtown and sea. Staff was sweet amd acknowledged our wedding anniversary and sent us bubble. Appreciate that. hellkitty, I am delighted you found our location ideal for seeing all the sites that our wonderful city has to offer. Its unfortunate to hear about the street noise affecting your sleep. There is a window vent that often gets left open and when that happens, the street noise is very noticeable. We look forward to welcoming you back for another anniversary getaway. Be Well, Alyssa TurowskiGeneral Manager
This Westin is conveniently located into San Diego's downtown. The room was standard, clean and pretty quiet. The bed was really comfortable and we didn't run into any kind of problems during our stay. However, I didn't like the bathroom sliding door (sometimes it was hard to close) and a vent is really needed in the bathroom. Friendly staff. Marco L - Thank you for choosing the Westin San Diego. I am happy to read you enjoyed your stay with us and most importantly, found our location to be convenient and our beds to be really comfortable. You can't beat a great night sleep in the Westin Heavenly Bed.I am sorry the bathroom pocket door didn't operate properly for you and will have our Engineering team take a look. There is a bathroom exhaust vent in all bathrooms which exhaust to the roof. While you do not hear a fan, the vent is pulling air from the bathroom. We hope we have the opportunity to welcome you back again on a future trip to San Diego. Kind Regards, Alyssa Turowski, General Manager
The Westin is exemplary for its customer-oriented service, convenience to San Diego's major attractions, and amenities. In this case, I was attending a conference (for which, by the way, the Westin is extremely well endowed), but would have no reservations about making reservations for an extended vacation stay. Equidistant from the Gaslamp District or the Harbor, the hotel offers a welcome atmosphere for a relaxing getaway.HerbPaine - I am so pleased you enjoyed your entire experience at the Westin San Diego. Thank you for recognizing the teams exemplary customer service. We look forward to welcoming you back to sunny San Diego.Remain Well, Alyssa TurowskiGeneral Manager
This hotel is falling apart, and the staff doesn't seem to care. The first room we were put in had a broken AC unit, and the room it self was filthy. when I advised the hotel staff, they had me bring in a large industrial fan for the room. It was so loud that we decided we should change rooms.... More
This hotel is falling apart, and the staff doesn't seem to care. The first room we were put in had a broken AC unit, and the room it self was filthy. when I advised the hotel staff, they had me bring in a large industrial fan for the room. It was so loud that we decided we should change rooms.... More
very nice location, close to Hwy1 very short car ride to the beach good breakfast, usual for any comfort inn hotel has elevators free wifi, again as expected from any comfort inn I believe no rooms have beach views
Good clean room with a nice bed. Breakfast was adequate and well stocked. It included hot food as well as the usual breakfast items. Convenient to Joshua Tree National Park. If you eat dinner go to The Rib restaurant.
My husband and I stayed here one night before and after hiking at Joshua Tree. Our king sized bed was very comfortable and the room had a sofa, mini-fridge, microwave,and all expected bathroom amenities. Very quiet. Breakfast included. A very good value.
The rooms are very clean, the beds are really comfortable, and the lodge is very convenient to the downtown Fort Bragg area. The hospitality shown by Linda added to the quality of the stay. And the price was outstanding for the accommodations.
I got stuck staying at this hotel after a delay at LAX. The staff was very accommodating. The room itself was clean but had an odd smell (sanitary smell) and seemed very rundown. The hallways of the hotel are so badly lit they are a bit scary. There was a lot of noise in the room next door to mine... More
I checked in here on my way from Las Vegas to Reno on a US driving holiday. I was met by a super friendly young man who could not have tried harder to help. We chatted about cars and driving which was nice and showed...MoreThank you so much for your recent stay! We are so happy that we met your expectations while you were with us. We try very hard on every aspect from customer satisfaction to cleanliness to make sure every guest is satisfied. I am pleased this...More
A bit overpriced for Groveland, particularly as the rooms are in desperate need of some upgrading. The hot water handle in the shower fell off, several drawers on the dresser were missing handles, and the complimentary breakfast was forgettable at best. Don't go river rafting...More
I discovered the Hacienda last year through a summer special and went there for some quality time with my brother. This Auust, I have just been back, this time bringing my out-of-state boyfriend with me. The place is unique, charming, personable and special. It is the kind of place one brings someone special. It is also ideal for a solo... More
This is a relatively nice, smaller sized motel in a not-touristy area. I'm sure great for families of students attending SDSU, but not a place I'd really recommend if you want to come for even a short vacation in San Diego. However, the staff was friendly and accommodating, and the rooms were clean and maintained. Parking lot is on the small side and the breakfast area is really, really tight. Lots of construction happening in the area, making navigating the streets a bit more difficult. You need a car to get around, walking will get you to fast food places only. Overall, an OK place for a short stop.Dear Valued Guest, hank you for your review about your recent stay at our hotel. I was pleased that our staff made your stay a pleasurable one. They truly are a large part of why we rate so highly with our guests. I am sorry you were disappointed in our location. As you mentioned, we are an excellent choice for travelers visiting SDSU, one of Californias largest universities (1 mile), or Qualcomm Stadium (2 miles), but we are also close to major freeways that can get you to many attractions, usually under 15 minutes. Regarding restaurants in the area, the staff has a list of really excellent restaurants within a mile or so of the hotel. These are not big, fancy restaurants, but many of them are very nice, including Bridges Bar Grill, only a block away from the hotel. This is one area where our dedication to customer service really shows, we try to direct our guests to local places that we love ourselves.You mentioned the construction, it is true, our neighborhood is going through some major changes that we are very excited about. New commercial and housing buildings are sprouting up, they will bring new energy to our area.It is sometimes a challenge to set the right expectations for our guests. I think we do a pretty good job on our website, and the majority of our guests have written honest reviews about their experience with us, what makes us standout from the rest and why they rate us so highly on TripAdvisor. Our hotel is a modest AAA 2-diamond property, with amenities and prices that reflect that rating. We believe it is well located, friendly and very clean. We make sure that the grounds are lush and well kept, we never charge for parking, internet, breakfast or movies.We appreciate the time you took to review your stay with us. We do hope to see you again soon.Yours in Hospitality,* Book Direct with Us - For the Best Service, Selection, and Value! * Yours in Hospitality, Len General ManagerBest Western Lamplighter Inn Suites at SDSUVisit our Hotel Website or Call Us at (800) 545-0778
This hotel staff were all very friendly helpful--from front desk to breakfast room and cleaning staff. The rooms were clean met our expectations given price point. The pool area is nice. We were impressed with the beautiful flowers.Dear Joyce, Thank you for taking the time to share your review with our TripAdvisor community. We are happy to hear your family enjoyed your stay! We appreciate you mentioning our fantastic staff at the front desk and our cleaning staff! Its always great to hear such great feedback. Here at the Best Western Lamplighter Inn we strive to what we do best, provide a clean comfortable room, genuine hospitality at an affordable price. We work together as a team to keep our rooms, grounds and guest happy. Thank you for mentioning our flowers, our gardener Pasqual does an amazing job keeping them nice and green!We look forward to continuing to serve you and thank you for sharing your thoughts with us and the online community. * Book Direct with Us - For the Best Service, Selection, and Value! * Yours in Hospitality,Evelyn S.Front Desk
It's a nice Best Western hotel with good staff. Rooms are clean and the AC work well. There are a few things that take away a point: the parking is tight even with our family minivan. We got unexpected wake up call from some body car alarm goes off in the middle of the night right outside our room! and one night from the shampoo dispenser in the bath room came off the wall and crashed in the bath tub. It would be nice if they install a room safe and a small refrigerator.Hello FNguyen, Thank you for taking time to review us here on Trip Advisor. We work hard to keep our rooms and property ultra clean and well maintained, our staff consistently offers superior service to all our guests. Thank you for recognizing our efforts! We appreciate your honest remarks. We are so sorry you had a few odd incidents during your stay. Unfortunately, there are some things that we cannot control. Our parking lot can get a little tight, especially during sold out nights. Many guests with larger vehicles choose to park on the street for that reason. The area that we are in is generally a safe business/residential area and fortunately, we have not had any negative reports from people who have chosen to park on the street. We do warn guests that early Tuesday mornings, street sweeping takes place and tickets are given to anyone parked during those hours. As far as the shampoo dispensers go, we have found a solution to this problem and are currently taking care of it so that it does not continue to be an issue. Your two suggestions have been passed on to the GM for consideration. We value our guests input and are always working on improving our little hotel. Again, thank you for sharing your experience with us. We hope to serve you again in the future! * Book Direct with Us - For the Best Service, Selection, and Value! * Yours in Hospitality,Michelle C. Customer CareBest Western Lamplighter Inn Suites at SDSUVisit our Hotel Website or Call Us at (800) 545-0778
We've just returned from a one-night stay at the Lamplighter, which we chose based upon the TripAdvisor reviews and rating. For the first time, Trip Advisor has let us down. I find it impossible to believe that the Lamplighter is the second-highest rated hotel in all of San Diego!It is not great value for the money it is simply an inexpensive motel, with nothing special or remarkable to recommend it. It is located on a busy street in a marginal neighborhood. The lush landscaping of the grounds consists of a few palm trees dotting the parking lot which makes up most of the site, and a patch of grass by the small pool (separated from the parking lot by only an iron fence). We booked a room with a kitchen because it happened to be the best rate available. The room was large in area, but so badly laid out and drearily decorated that it felt cramped and depressing (the kitchen was a total waste of space, especially since it wasn't stocked with cookware or dishes- the cupboards and drawers were completely empty). The furniture was ugly and drab. The room was not well sound-proofed each time our upstairs neighbors took a step, it sounded like elephants were marching across the ceiling. The bathroom was fortunately very clean, but the polyester-blend bath towels were thin and not very absorbent, and left a flurry of lint everywhere. The complimentary breakfast did feature a good selection of pastries, cereals, waffles, juices and fruit, but the pastries were stale and tasteless and the coffee (in styrofoam cups) was bad.The Lamplighter is by no means a dump or a dive it was clean, and the one staff member we dealt with on check-in and check-out was polite and efficient. But it does not by any stretch of the imagination deserve the inflated rating it now enjoys on TripAdvisor.Dear Valued Guest, Thank you for your review about your recent stay at our hotel. We appreciate hearing from all of our guests. These reviews show us not only our areas of strength, but also the areas in which we can improve. TripAdvisor measures only one thing, guest satisfaction. It is not a measure of luxury or location. On TripAdvisor, an economy hotel can score very well and a luxury hotel can score poorly. It is clearly displayed on TripAdvisor that our hotel class is a 2-star (were a AAA 2-diamond property), with amenities and prices that reflect that rating. There definitely are hundreds of luxurious hotels in San Diego to choose from, but at a much higher cost and possibly a lower level of guest satisfaction. Our rating on TripAdvisor is a byproduct of our single-minded dedication to consistent service, quality, and value. We are proud of the ambiance we have created with the space we have available to us. We definitely dont have the grounds that a larger hotel might have, but we have taken great effort to fill our space with colorful plants, flowers, vines, and many lovely palm trees. Its an expense many mid-market hotels arent willing to incur. Regarding your room, it is a kitchen layout that is very popular with many guests staying for long periods as they have full size appliances and plenty of counter space. While none of them are stocked, we do provide full kitchen packs upon request. We do this to protect our guests. We have learned from experience that by keeping the kits in a sealed container, we can ensure that when a new guest arrives, the kit they receive will be clean, complete and in good condition. Im sorry this was not explained to you. Our company culture is to provide outstanding customer service, quality and value to our guests. We manage two hotels in San Diego, we are proud that both are in the top 15 on TripAdvisor. Thank you again for your review. We do appreciate the comments. Sincerely,John LyonProud Owner, Best Western Lamplighter Inn
Nice place to stay. It is at walking distance to SDSU, about 20 minutes, where you can take the trolley to downtown San Diego.The personal is very kind. The rooms are big and the place is quiet. Nearby you can find restaurants and shops.
I really liked this place. Its the little things that make it stand out like the beautiful roses that decorate the parking lot and the friendliness of the staff. I had booked the wrong date thru travelocity and they helped me on how to cancel and gave me a better rate . But Travelocity was very good also!
This is a very good hotel, with a professional and friendly staff, large and very clean rooms, good breakfast and a nice pool. Location was perfect for us, close to highway, but still quiet at night. Parking was always available and close to our room.Dear Jos R., We wanted to take this time to thank you, and let you know how grateful we are for you 5 star review. Its because of honest testimonials like yourself that helps other hotel shoppers find us. Our rooms range from standard hotel room size to apartment size suites depending on your personal taste. We have a good selection of food in our continental breakfast from hard boiled eggs, yogurts and fruits to waffles, pastries and bagels (just to name a few). Since its the most important meal of the day we encourage our guest to join us every day from 6am to 10am. We are centrally located in the college area and like you mention we are near the highway 8, which is easy access to all fun attractions San Diego has to offer. College area is well known for its college student living nearby of course. We are glad you were able to experience the nights are calm and quiet helping you enjoy your night sleep without any interruption. Again, we would like to thank you for choosing to stay with us. We hope we can be of service to you again in the future. Yours in hospitality,Lily Evans Front Desk
This hotel is very clean and comfortable with everything that you need. The beds and pillows were very plush. The shower had nice hot water, but the pressure could have been better (had a downstairs room). Not a bad deal for 62 a night, plus we appreciated that it was pet friendly. The hotel is located in a convenient area (SDSU area) and close to major freeways and trolley stops. The front desk was also very friendly and helpful. We would definitely stay here again and we highly recommend this hotel. We've never been disappointed with Best Western.Dear Jmstone80,I am glad to hear you had a good stay, our philosphy is to offer clean, comfortable rooms, and exceptional service that are still a great value. And it is rewarding to know that we met and exceeded your expectations. If you are ever staying in the San Diego area again, we would be happy to accomodate your family.Thank You,Len Regan-General Manager
The manager, Len, and his entire staff are always welcoming and professional. This is our home away from home in San Diego. The owners are always on top of maintenance and it seems they are constantly making improvements and upgrades to this family-owned property. Beautiful landscaping, a sparkling pool, good breakfast and comfy beds with nice linens. Dog friendly too.Thank You Ann KWe are grateful to have so many happy repeat guests, both two legged and the four legged kind!It's a wonderful compliment to hear a guest say this is their home away from home, and I am proud to share your review with our staff and ownership. Thank you for taking the time to write about us, and I am looking forward to seeing you on a future visit.* Book Direct with Us - For the Best Service, Selection, and Value! * Yours in Hospitality,Len General ManagerBest Western Lamplighter Inn Suites at SDSUVisit our Hotel Website or Call Us at (800) 545-0778
Went to San Diego for a week for my Birthday, So Awesome. Have stayed at the Best Western Lamplighter Inn, on El Cajon blvd, SD. Every time. It is such a great, Clean Friendly well Manicured Hotel, why would i not. It's also perfectly located for everything and everywhere I want to go, everything is close, even the Beaches are like 10 mins away.After all the great things that i experienced staying at the hotel, the icing on the cake, i went to front desk to ask can i print my boarding passes. response: May i do that for you Heck yes, i hate all that stuff, felt like I had my own PA . Thank you Best western Staff, Management and Owner. See you next time.Hello mrbubbles7,So glad you had another enjoyable stay with us. From our housekeeping, maintenance, and front desk staff, we really do appreciate our guests and their satisfaction is of primary importance. Even such things at printing boarding passes for our guests is just one of the many things we are more than happy to help with.Thanks for the great review, and we look forward to your next visit to San Diego!*Book directly with us for Best Selection and Value*Len Regan I General Manager
Beautiful gardens, clean rooms, non-smoking, great kitchen, comfortable bed, quiet, close to really good coffee! and friendly and helpful staff. Near to where my student son is living and has a pool. Wish I could have stayed longer!Dear 773ericac,Thank you for the kind words, and thank you for taking the time to write about your stay. It is a big compliment when our guests take to TripAdvisor to share their stay with others. As you noted, we are very close to the SDSU campus (about 1 mile), and many parents chose to stay with us when they visit their student-children. Several of our suites feature full kitchens, and some parents enjoy being able to give their kids a home/hotel-cooked meal!We do look forward to having you stay with us again and hopefully for a little longer!Go Aztecs!* Book Direct with Us - For the Best Service, Selection, and Value! * Yours in Hospitality,Tom Customer CareBest Western Lamplighter Inn Suites at SDSUVisit our Hotel Website or Call Us at (800) 545-0778
Last weekend I traveled to San Diego for a memorial service. From the time I made the reservation with Len Regan until I checked out early Monday morning, I was treated like a valued customer. Len upgraded me to a suite without any prompting on my part. He provided excellent, concise directions to public transportation as well as provided a coupon for a Trolley Tour of the city. The Lamplighter, while an older hotel, is very well maintained and super clean. It's third generation American family owned. The landscaping is lush, the breakfast is more than a continental and very tasty. The team spirit among the employees and staff was most noticeable. I observed an array of elderly folks who seem to be frequent guests and discovered many have been coming for two to three month stays for many years. There are good restaurants within walking distance. All in all, I would highly recommend this Best Western.
We stayed three nights here and really enjoyed our stay. We did a mini suite and were very happy with it and with the friendly staff. Good continental breakfast, clean rooms, helpful staff, comfortable beds, felt safe...everything I look for!Dear Carol P, Thank you so much for choosing to stay at our little hotel for your visit to San Diego. Our mini suite is a great room, with the king size bed, sofa sleeper, microwave and fridge, it's both spacious and comfortable, perfect for longer stays. And we're so glad you were able to enjoy our extended continental breakfast, there's nothing like a good breakfast to get your day started right! Our entire staff works hard to provide all our guests with exceptional customer service along with quality accommodations and we are proud to see that we accomplished this for you! We appreciate your feedback and hope to serve you again! Yours in Hospitality,MichelleFront Desk Agent
If you are looking for a clean, well-run hotel, here it is. Accommodations can be pricey in San Diego because of the great weather and many sights to see. However, this motel offers easy access to the freeway, is reasonably priced and pleasant to stay in. Friendly welcome and nice atmosphere. The street is busy but we heard no traffic noise. Good choice for families or business travel.Dear Rose C.Your review is exactly what we strive for, as obviously already know this site is all about guest satisfaction and we tend to rate highly with guests who want to get the most for their dollar, value cleanliness, appreciate genuine hospitality and have done their research.Thanks for choosing us, and for telling the world about it!* Book Direct with Us - For the Best Service, Selection, and Value! * Len ReganGeneral Manager
We just had a very nice stay at Best Western Lamplighter at SDSU over the Thanksgiving week. The San Diego weather was warm and clear which was well complimented by the tropical landscaping of the hotel grounds and pool area. The hotel staff was helpful when needed without hovering and the location of this hotel when visiting family in a variety of San Diego areas was excellent. We'll stay here again!Hello Brian, We are so grateful that you took time to review us here on TripAdvisor and for the 4 star rating. We are glad to hear that you and your family enjoyed your Thanksgiving week while visiting your relatives in the area. Here at the Best Western Lamplighter Inn, we try our best to provide comfortable accommodations along with great customer service. Its really nice when our efforts are noticed. Were happy that we had good weather while you were in town! And thanks for noticing the lush landscaping and relaxing pool area. Some say we are a little hidden gem in the college area-Id have to agree with that! Thank you for letting future travelers know a little bit about what we have to offer. Its nice to know that you would stay with us again! We look forward to serving you and your family next time youre in our beautiful city. * Book Direct with Us - For the Best Service, Selection, and Value! * Respectfully yours in Hospitality, Jesse Escalante/Costumer CareBest Western Lamplighter Inn Suites at SDSUVisit our Hotel Website or Call Us at (800) 545-0778
We love the Lamplighter Inn in San Diego. Although it has a 'motel' look (two story buildings with outside doors) it is well maintained and has well kept grass, plants and flowers which give it a more friendly feel. There is a small but clean pool which is set up with beach chairs with towels on them for your convenience. There is a nice little breakfast set up (pastries, bagels, cereal and make your own waffles) served until 10am every morning. Its a great way to start the day and save a bit of money on food. We stayed in a suite which was very spacious (small sitting room with a pullout couch and then an attached room with a nice sided bed) and perfect for me, my husband and our young son (there's no door between the rooms - so don't look for privacy). One of the best features is Len - a member of staff at the hotel. He is very friendly, seems to know most everyone by their name and is a fount of information. We checked in daily with him for the scoop on things we were considering seeing. The only downside to the hotel is the location. Its not terrible - but its not a 'walking' friendly place. There are a lot of little local shops (drug stores, nail salons, that sort of thing) but nothing necessarily 'pretty' or tourist friendly places. That being said, it is very easy to get in a car and drive to many of main attractions of San Diego - and the staff is more than happy to give you driving information to them. Our original plan was to stay in Old Town (which after seeing we absolutely love!) but the hotels were sold out. If you're looking for a decent place to rest your head and are willing to hop in your car for short distances to get to places than I would recommend the Lamplighter.
I stayed three nights and thought the staff went out of their way to anticipate my needs and make my stay comfortable. Not being familiar with San Diego, I appreciated the easy access to I-8 and the convenient location. Most importantly I felt safe, both in the motel and the surrounding area. Motel is two stories but I heard no noise from other rooms or outside and found my room quiet.I am an early riser and enjoyed getting my continental breakfast and free USA Today each morning and going out by the outdoor pool to sit. The area is nicely landscaped with lots of flowers and shrubs.The room was exceptionally clean and alrhough on the small side had everything I needed. I would definitely stay here again.Hello Joan W, Your 5 star review is greatly appreciated by our entire staff here at the Lamplighter Inn! Our goal is to provide spotless rooms, superior customer service and amenities that make our guests stay as comfortable as possible. It sounds like you were able to enjoy our hotel to the fullest and that makes us happy! We are glad you found us to be conveniently located. We are only about 20 minutes from most of the main attractions in our beautiful city. SDSU is only a mile away making it accessible for friends and family to visit students, as well as concert goers and sports fans attending events on the campus. Our front desk staff are ready to help with directions or suggestionsjust ask! Again, thank for your positive words! Your review not only encourages us to keep up the good work, but it also gives potential guests an insight as to what we are about. We hope to serve you again! * Book Direct with Us - For the Best Service, Selection, and Value! * Yours in Hospitality,Michelle C. Customer CareBest Western Lamplighter Inn Suites at SDSUVisit our Hotel Website or Call Us at (800) 545-0778
This hotel is amazing. The staff is extremely helpful and friendly. They go out of their way to help with anything. The room was beautiful and roomy. Love the balcony. The pool and hot tub was clean and bright. The atmosphere was great. Our home away from home in London.
We chose this hotel based on its TripAdvisor reviews and we were not disappointed. We stayed here for five nights with our two young children and visited the zoo, Balboa Park, Sea World and Coronado during our stay. The hotel was near the zoo/Balboa Park and was a reasonable distance from Sea World and the beach. El Cajon Blvd has many ethnic (Mexican, Thai, Vietnamese, Kosher) restaurants and the usual fast food chains. We did not see any restaurant chains such as Outback, Denny's, or Chili's near the hotel. There are several grocery and drug stores nearby. We felt safe walking around the neighborhood with our kids.Our room was clean with updated bedding and furniture and had a fridge and microwave. It was not large, but adequate for our needs. We did not have any problems with noisy neighbors or noise from the street during late-night hours. The free continental breakfast was good. The only thing I found missing was yogurt. We asked for advice and directions from the front desk several times and they never led us astray. We also purchased discount zoo tickets from the front desk. We used the pool once and it was fine.I agree with another reviewer that it is just a motel. However, we spent less than 100/night here and we were happy with our choice.
Friendly staff, nice large room, quiet and comfy. Convenient to SDSU and freeways. Nice big TV and DVD player, not Blu-ray. Would have been nice to have scrambled eggs and bacon or sausage with breakfast. Waffles and pancakes were good.
Clean well appointed motel located near SDSU. Minutes from San Diego Zoo and other attractions. Good choice of restaurants nearby. Motel was clean, quiet and staffed by friendly, helpful employees. Would stay here again when in the area.Dear Valued Guest, Thank you for taking the time to write a review of your stay with us. I am glad to hear that our location was convenient for you, and that you found some good places to eat we do have a nice selection of restaurants near Best Western Lamplighter Inn Suites. I am glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay. Thank you for the compliments we appreciate that you mentioned our clean rooms and friendly, helpful staff. The housekeeping, maintenance, and front desk staff works hard to keep the property lush, clean, and our guests happy. Thank you for noticing!Once again, thank you for your review, and for choosing to stay at the Best Western Lamplighter Inn Suites. We truly appreciate your feedback. I hope that we will see you again in the near future. It was a pleasure to have you as our guest. * Book Direct with Us - For the Best Service, Selection, and Value! * Yours in Hospitality,Alex Customer Service AgentBest Western Lamplighter Inn Suites at SDSUVisit our Hotel Website or Call Us at (800) 545-0778
We stay frequently for our daughter who is at SDSU. It is our go to place for location, value and customer service. Parking can be tricky when they are booked up solid but so far we have not had major issue. We always book the King Jr Suite and find that it more than meets our needs. The cost value makes it possible for us to come and stay more often.Dear Valued Guest,Thank you for your five star review! We are delighted to hear we continue to be your go to place during your visits to San Diego!We concur with the accurate description you have given about our Inn! We believe our AAA 2-diamond hotel is well located, friendly and very clean. As you mentioned parking can be a bit tricky at night, due to it being one of our many free amenities we offer it tends to get full quickly. I'm glad the King Jr Suite suites your family perfectly, on your next trip you can check out some of the other room types we have available. Again, thank you for taking the time to review us. We hope to serve you again soon!* Book Direct with Us - For the Best Service, Selection, and Value! *Yours in Hospitality,Gilda Prado Front Office ManagerBest Western Lamplighter Inn Suites at SDSUVisit our Hotel Website or Call Us at (800) 545-0778
I was here for 4 nights, and I had the best time. It was a nice location not fare from one thing or another. The front desk staff was amazing. Lynn the GM was wonderful on giving me ideas on what to see while visiting the city. Just a great stay and when I return ill be sure to stay again!Hi Kara D.It is with great pride that I am able to read so many great reviews about our staff and property.San Diego is great destination, and we really enjoy helping our guests explore what it has to offer.We are glad you took the time to share your experience, and look forward to seeing you on a future stay.* Book Direct with Us - For the Best Service, Selection, and Value! * Best Regards,Len Regan-General Manager
Sorry for not sharing the excitement of previous reviewers... We spent 6 nights in this hotel, which we chose based on the reviews here, and were not very happy. I'll try to break in down to pros and cons:Pros:- It is a decent, well-maintained property. - Housekeeping was great, the room was very clean and the grounds are beautifully landscaped.- Breakfast was better than expected, had a wide selection and kept us (and kids) happy for the first half of the day.- Most of the staff we encountered was friendly and helpful, especially the front desk manager.Cons:- Location!! The hotel is located in a remote, not-so-good part of town (not a bad neighborhood, just a commercial street dotted with hookah lounges and pawn shops). Getting anywhere in the city took about 20 minutes drive and was quite frustrating.- The room, although spacious and comfy, does NOT contain fridge and/or microwave, which made it difficult to stay with kids.- They charge for cribs in the room - 5 per crib per night, which would add up to quite a hefty amount. We have been traveling with young kids for the past 6 years, and this is the first time we were charged for crib. On checkout, when the front desk lady asked if everything was ok, I said that I was unhappy with this extra charge - she just shrugged and said it was the manager's decision. Great.To sum it up: for families with young kids like ourselves, I'd suggest not to be tempted by the reasonable price and positive reviews, but rather pay more attention to the details and choose a hotel closer to downtown.Dear Valued Guest, Thank you for sharing your experience with the TripAdvisor community, and for choosing the Best Western Lamplighter Inn Suites. Thank you for mentioning what you enjoyed about your stay your compliments are appreciated. I am truly sorry that your experience was not what you had hoped. Our goal is to exceed every guests expectations, and we take it very seriously when we fail.Best Western Lamplighter Inn Suites is a AAA 2-diamond property. We tend to rate highly with those who appreciate great customer service, clean rooms and want the most for their dollar. While we do charge 5 for a crib, we also include many free amenities that you may end up having to pay for in more expensive hotels, including those in the downtown area. We offer free wireless internet, free parking, free coffee and tea all day, DVD players in all guestrooms, a thoughtfully selected free movie library, and a complimentary expanded continental breakfast that includes much more substance than a standard continental breakfast, we offer hard-boiled eggs, steel-cut oatmeal, freshly made bagels and pastries, juices and make-your-own-waffles. As you mentioned, the hotel property is very well maintained, with clean, lush, and beautifully landscaped grounds. The guestrooms are spotless, as well as spacious and comfy. We appreciate that you noticed this about our rooms. I apologize that a refrigerator was not included in your room type. We do have rooms equipped with microwaves and mini-fridges, as well as rooms with efficiency kitchens. Next time you stay, please feel free to ask for a room with a refrigerator or a full kitchen. I am truly sorry that our location was not convenient for you. We are about a mile away from San Diego State University, which is very convenient to a lot of our guests. Being close to the University, we are also in close proximity to many great restaurants and eclectic coffee shops. The freeways 8 and 15 are minutes away, so getting almost anywhere in San Diego takes less than 20 minutes. We are in a very central location, pretty much the middle of San Diego if you look at a map.Thank you again for choosing to stay at the Best Western Lamplighter Inn Suites, and for taking the time to write a review. We take guest satisfaction very seriously, and we are constantly trying to improve. Your feedback will help us do that. Our philosophy is to provide clean, quality accommodations, genuine hospitality, and exceptional service that is still a great value. We take pride in making every guests stay an enjoyable one. We are not everyones cup of tea, but we do hope you will give us another opportunity to serve you in the future. * Book Direct with Us - For the Best Service, Selection, and Value! * Yours in Hospitality,Alex Customer Service AgentBest Western Lamplighter Inn Suites at SDSUVisit our Hotel Website or Call Us at (800) 545-0778
Me and my boyfie we stayed in Casa Loma Hotel for 3 nights and find the experience is not as good as we thought it could be. It was end of the year of 2015, the weather is very cold for us who came from the South East Asia country, what's to be mentioned of our dissatisfaction is the heater in which we were told is centralized that our room is freezing cold even we have requested to adjust the temperature. The service at the front desk as we are noticing the people are keep changing throughout our stay, there are one or two who are on the night shift, the respond to the request of services are rather poor and inefficient, perhaps the hotel can improve on managing the people, we felt we are not properly taken care of. Nevertheless, when we ask for directions or some other questions regarding the area, especially people who are in the morning shift at the front desk are very helpful and friendly. We are glad to have free hot drinks at the lobby and also maps travel guide conveniently provided - especially the Big Bus Tour tickets are available to get from the hotel! Last but not least, the condition of the room is considerably fine, as we booked the room with private bathroom, however the bathroom, on one of the night when it was raining around the area of San Francisco, the hot bath doesn't seems to work properly and we were extremely cold after taking shower, despite the hotel has provided us extra blanket, yet we do hope the hotel will improve on the condition of the room :)
My husband and I stayed here for five nights for the San Francisco Marathon in July 2014. It was perfect for us. We were a little nervous about the location (don't be). It is in the perfect location, and fit our needs. We stayed on the second floor facing Fell Street. Yes, it is noisy with the cars - but we fell asleep from all our activities. The shower/toilet situation was perfect. We were busy during the day, and it was a great place to come rest and take a shower. If you are on a budget - this place is for you. The front desk were helpful, and were always willing to help with stamps, maps, change, directions, etc. Continental breakfast in the morning, and the best beverage machine. I would not recommend this place for kids, or the rooms in the center with the courtyard not facing the street. We had to move the last night, the room was smaller and it was hot and more noise came from other rooms rather than outside. Good thing was our last night we were there for a couple of hours to sleep. We will stay here again,you can not beat the price - especially in San Francisco!
1-now it is two months that they are constructing while they are renting their rooms to customers. you are tired and you are sleep while the workers are working with big saws and non-stop hammer sound just near your room. they must close the hotel while they are under construction. but the greedy owner installed a plastic in front of workers area and rent other rooms to poor customer with nonrefundable policy!!! you are sleeping in a construction site. the sound of construction make others crazy and have to leave hotel in rain or while you are sleepy and must walk in street until worker stop working. the greedy owner who is afraid of revenge of some angry customer and destroying of some facility of hotel because of this tricks of owner,impel all of customer to give her a deposit or credit card charge for probably damages to room!!! she charge you when you reserved your room with a nonrefundable policy because she is sure you will demand for refund because her hotel isn't live-able.she only think to money of customer and after charge of your card no service and non-refund and a lot of problem. 2-internet connection is always disconnected. 3-every floor only two bathrooms,you must wait for a vacant bathroom. 4-even you must negotiate a lot for a simple tissue. 5-no elevator,3 floor. 6-no telephone in rooms,with no elevator you must to come down by stairs for every simple inquiry. 7-wooden and thin walls,a lot of sound of sex and argue of others is in your head. the owner is oppressing others by renting this rooms.8-no air condition9-scream of complaint of others make you angry.10-so dirty rooms.11-reception has no authority to solve problem of customer,for every thing they must call owner and describe whole of story while you are waiting.in most case you only hear that(this is policy of owner).12-outside of hotels there are a lot of vagrant gays,we always start to run and went inside of hotel rapidly,very bad location.wow I became crazy in San Francisco because of this hotel.I cant believe in USA something like this.oh no.
I live in San Francisco and stayed here for a few nights in July 2013. Internet rates were 130/night, but I was able to get a (smallish) room with private bath for 80+ tax by asking directly through the hotel.Hotels can be pretty expensive in SF, average rate for a decent place is usually close to 200/night. I used to recommend the Elements Hotel to a certain brand of visitor (just need the basics, spend a lot of time out, location is key), but Elements is no more, having been converted to veteran housing. So, Tropica it is now, which is slightly nicer and a little more expensive.My room was clean and modern. At the back of the hotel, with great natural light. Bathroom seems brand new. Comes with mini fridge and microwave. Does not seem to be daily maid service. Free WiFi, which is spotty at the back of the hotel (they also have a dedicated PC for guest use at the check in window).If you like to go out to eat, bar hop, listen to live music, shop for trendy clothes, location here is ideal - it is literally surrounded by restaurants, with some of the most heralded - Locanda, Mission Chinese, Foreign Cinema, Bar Tartine, Range - all within easy walking distance. Too many bars, of all types, to mention - from Mexican bars with mariachis to some of SF's most creative cocktails. And live music within a short walk - the new Chapel, the old Elbo Room, which has had Sunday late night reggae dance parties for over 10 years, and one of my favorites, Amnesia, a quirky little romantic place with excellent, lesser heard music, from Balkan and Gypsy jazz to bluegrass, punk karaoke, folksy singer/songwriters, etc.Hotel is less than 2 blocks from 16th/Mission BART, which goes straight to SFO. Also close to Dolores Park and Castro.Tropica is not for everyone. I give it 3.5 stars overall. But if you want more than a hostel, and can live without full service, and being right in the action is important, this is a very good bargain.
Had to stay here because nothing else was available. What a pigsty. Absolutely horrendous. There was a prostitute next door...the toilet and shower had to be shared...NEVER told us this. Would not give our money back. The prostitute smoked marijuana and it filtered into our room...there were roaches in the hallway...it was just bad. The area was ok....so we only came in to pass out...avoid.
This had a nice location, near transportation options and also near a lot of restaurants. However it's most outstanding deals was the (relatively) reasonably priced hotel, and as a bonus it has parking if you are driving through the area.The room was spacious enough and clean. No breakfast offering, but it was near plenty of dining options.
We went to S.F. for my childhood best friend's birthday. She had never been before. I spent many hours researching all hotels in San Francisco (many years have passed since I was last there) and came across CMI while researching. Let me say that this place was exceptional! Why Because it was 3 very short blocks to Fisherman's Wharf, one diagonal short block to the Powell/Mason cable line turnaround, super clean - no rips, stains, dirt, anywhere, large and to my utmost surprise, SUPER QUIET. No noise from other travelers (who gets lucky enough to not be able to hear other people staying in the building Very RARE). Outside was quiet at night (countless reviews complain of outside noise in other places). The staff (all of the ones we encountered - 3 or 4 male) bent over backwards to help make our trip a great one. Large bathroom, large room. This was one of the least expensive places for the area, value and room size, AND there is complimentary (FREE) parking (clean, well lit) and no resort fees!! Just those two alone can add up to 100 nightly to your room!! Wifi was also free and no issues using it at all (I read this is a huge issue at various other places). We will most definitely stay at this place again. Trips like this one are what memories of a lifetime are created from. Thank you for being a huge part of such a wonderful experience. Thank you for everything! Super happy customers!!! My friend is still talking about how perfect it all was.
First, the location is great--just a couple blocks from the wharf and the fantastic North Beach neighborhood. Cable car or bus downtown is easy. But the folks at this Inn are really the best part. I had trouble with the internet in my room and everyone there bent over backwards to help me get service. Oscar, the night guy, is a wonderful fellow who really wants to help people. The rooms are very nice and quiet and the parking is free--a major advantage. We'll stay there again, I'm sure.
We were travelling up west coast and arrived in s.f. when the nike ladies marathon was on, which we did not realise. Made it impossible to get a hotel room. Eventually we arrived at Columbus Inn which had a free room for the night.Hotel was cheaper than others we had tried on the shore but very basic. Think we paid approx 170 for the night and do not think that this really represented value for money, although there was free parking which was good as it always annoys me when US hotels have an additonal charge to use their car park.Room was ok - had the feel that the cleanliness of the hotel was not great but did not actually have any issues. This was maybe more due to the impression the hotel gives by fact that it is quite run down. Hotel is in dire need of a coat of paint!!!Was glad that we were able to get a room here as nowhere else was available but that probably says something in itself. Probably ok if all you need for a night is a bed but thought that this hotel was very overpriced even for that.Will not be staying here again.
Very very clean! Beds are comfortable, linens changed each day. motel is convenient to everything (bus right outside) 2 blocks from the Wharf and located in North Beach. (Also, a Walgreen's is a block away!) Very safe neighborhood. Most of all, the staff Chris, Oscar, et all, just terrific! As a native visiting home again, I was impressed with this motel. Would stay there again in a NY minute :) you will be very happy!
We spent four nights at the Columbus Motor Inn. The front desk personnel were super with local restaurants and our tour. We parked our car on arrival and didn't move it until we left, free of any parking charge. We walked to Fishman's Wharf both ways (both of us are 75) each day with no problems. Loved San Francisco, will go again and stay at this hotel.
We booked this Hotel because of the reviews we read. Well I'm please we did as it turned out to be great. Its a great location, price 109-135, comfortable and clean plus has PARKING for FREE. If we are lucky enough to go to San Fran again we will definitely stay there.
Hubby and I spent 4 days here in June at the end of a 4 week road trip around California. It was just what we needed - a massive, clean , comfortable room, great bed , helpful staff and convenient location. We asked for a room at the back and it was perfectly quiet, which is one thing I was worried about . The desk staff were great, very knowledgeable, patient and kind. Oscar did our on-line flight check-in for us , even though it took him ages to get onto the website. He and all the staff were so friendly and helpful and nothing was any trouble at all. The bus stop was right outside, cable car- stop just one street over and a great Indian restaurant over the road , so everything really convenient. The decision to stay here wasn't taken lightly, as I had read so many reviews for hotels in San Franciso, so we were really pleased at how great it was. I'd have no doubts about staying here next time we are in SF !
Stayed here three nights, booking it because it is within walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf, North Beach and Chinatown and has free parking. Rates are very good for location and free parking, but it isn't luxury accommodation. Room did not have fridge but that is only downside of room. Would definitely stay again!
Hotel is definitely outdated. Room was quite large, bed was comfortable, but furnishings, bathroom fixtures are old. Best thing about it was price which includes free parking and the location was great - close to Fisherman's Wharf, Starbucks and a Walgreens. It's a 10-15 minute walk to Washington Square area in North Beach with lots of great restaurants. I'd probably prefer a nicer and newer hotel but the free parking made the rate at least 50-60 less per night than other hotels in the area. If I travel without a car, I'd probably prefer a different hotel in the same general vicinity.
My wife, brother-in-law and I spent four nights in a two-room family suite on the second floor, looking over Columbus Avenue, with views of Coit Tower and Alcatraz. It was very quiet in the motel: we couldn't hear people in the next room, although there was some noise from the street. Rates were low for SF - we paid 135/night for a two-room suite. Our rooms were clean, spacious, smoke free, and looked recently decorated with new carpets. The furniture was solid and the beds were comfortable. The motel is centrally located - an easy walk from Fisherman's Wharf and North Beach, both with plenty of shops and restaurants. It was one block from the Powell-Mason Street cable car terminus and bus number 30 stopped right outside the motel. We bought the 3-day MUNI pass, and went everywhere by cable car, streetcar and bus. The front desk staff were helpful, helped us to find places to eat, gave directions, and booked the shuttle bus to the airport. We had breakfast each day at Pat's Cafe, 2 minutes walk away, and can highly recommend it.
This was a perfect hotel for our 3 night stay in San Francisco. The location was excellent and perfect since there was no charge for covered parking. The hotel is basic, nothing fancy but very clean and staff was great. Room was generous size with a small balcony. Coffee pot, hair dryer and toiletries provided but no mini bar or bathrobes. There is an excellent diner across the street which is perfect for breakfast each morning Pat's Cafe. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.
Excellent location, large and spotless room (some with view on Coit Tower and Cable cars), large flat TV, free garage (rare at SF). Nothing superfluous, but all what you need for a good price.For your breakfast: Mamas is wonderful (on Washington square less than 0.5 mile). Go soon otherwise the queue outside can be long.
This was a cute inn in a perfect location! I was thrilled when I found such a bargain for a place to stay in such an ideal part of the city! We walked to the fishermans wharf and ghiradelli square in just a few minutes. The rooms were clean and spacious. Will def be back the next time i'm in the city!
Everything you read is right. Best spot for tourist attractions if you have a car and want to live it in parking and walk. Parking is ok, even if we drive a large van like us. Right in the heart of North Beach. They respect all all request for the room ( back from front street, 2 beds and refrigerator )Great price for San Francisco. But the key words are : FREE PARKING !!!
not a full service hotel but walking distance to bars clubs and good restaurants. exceptional rooms for price. free wifi,parking in sf! clean good furnishings. professional staff and helpful. puts a lot of 3-4 stars to shame. dont let the cheaper price fool you. no nickel and diming either.
We will be staying here again on our next trip. We have been to San Francisco on many occassions and this is the first time we have found a decent hotel with free parking at a reasonable rate anywhere remotely nearly this location.The good - One block to the cable cars, a couple of blocks to Fishermans' Wharf, Muni at your door step, cycling shop next door, great indian food over the road and other amenities a stones throw. Place was clean, staff were always willing and helpful. The bad - (1) no air con in the room, which might be a problem on a hot night and (2) no fridge. Oh, the neighbouring property is called Bimbos which is what you might think, but even though our room overlooked it, there was no noise and nothing at street level that caused us concern.This place is a credit to the owners their staff.
As others have said, this is a great little place within a few blocks of the Fisherman's Wharf area. It is clean and well kept, and the staff were very good. Noah at the front desk was very informative and up on the weather around the bay area as well. We stayed here two different nights in one week, before and after our travels into wine country, and were very satisfied. We chose The Columbus Motor Inn rather than some possibly bigger named places because of the price, but more for the assurance that we would have a parking space at our hotel and not have to search the downtown streets for parking, or pay some outrageous fee to park after we already were paying the hotel. What a great decision as parking was a real PITA in the city, everywhere. If you could find parking on the streets, most of it was metered, and some questionable. If you were lucky to find a safe looking garage, it was expensive. On the wharf they wanted 7 per hour, so we just walked from the hotel! Factor that into your decision. The rooms were comfortable and the flat-screen TV was nice as well. I'll make this one of my favorite places for certain! I'll post a picture taken from our room looking down Columbus toward the pyramid and the Coit Tower.
We have just left the Columbus Motor Inn after a 6 night stay and we would be more than happy to recommend it. As others have said, it isn't a 5 * hotel but it more than served its purpose for us. It could do with a bit of TLC but it was clean, tidy and had what we needed. 3 adults and 2 children shared a 2x queen bed room and there was plenty of room for us and our shopping. The bathroom could do with a bit of a refresh, but it was clean and we were happy to use it.. The staff were great..very friendly, even though they were having to work on Christmas Day!The location is fabulous, as is the free parking. We were a little worried as we are quite fussy about where we stay but we felt comfortable the whole time we were there. If you are staying here, you must eat breakfast at the Hollywood Cafe, about 2 blocks away. Yum!
We just came back from a 5 day stay at the Columbus Motor Inn in San Francisco. First of all, let me thank all of the Trip Advisor Members who stated this was a great place--we took your advise and went for it.the location is perfect, right on Columbus -- you can walk to all the major spots: North Beach, Coit Tower, Chinatown, Fishermans W., great restraunts....., cable cars, the Muni line is literally at the doorstep. Plus Safeway and Trader Joes if you need something.The front desk can answer any question.The hotel is being remodeled and so everything is new.And Free Parking!!!! a major Plus! Just park the car and experience SF on foot---you will not be disappointed.The only drawback is that we like to stay at places that have some breakfast snacks. the Columbus did not. But they have coffee makers to get you started( bring your own coffee though, theirs is weak) and their prices are lower then most other places in the area---so it was ok.
Everything was wonderful the room large bright, location, and price. Easy walk to Fisherman's Wharf end of Cable Car line friendly, helpful staff. Only negative was they wanted 5.00 to print out 2 boarding passes 2.00 would be OK 5.00 is exorbitant.
Great value for a great location! Rooms are big and spacious, bathroom is a great size. All rooms come with free wifi which is fantastic, and there is free parking (which we didn't need). If you don't have a car you can catch a bus right at the front or you can walk the short walk to Fisherman's Wharf. Additionally if you want to ride a bike around the city there is a place next door that rents them. The staff are quite friendly and helpful for when asking questions about the city.If we do go back to San Francisco in the future we will return! Thanks for the great stay!!
Having stayed at the sister property the Coventry Motor Inn back in 2014 and enjoying it, we chose this place when looking for affordable accommodations (with parking) in a slightly different area. This time around, we were spending 2 nights in SF at the end of a 3 week roadtrip decided to do one hotel more budget (this one) and then the final night being a bit more of a splurge at another hotel on the Embarcadero.The hotel is easy to find, and we got lucky with a parking space right near to the lobby to check in. The chap was nice and we'd booked a room on the top floor to try and make the best of the limited views this location has - we were a little early but he called through there and then to the housekeeper who was working on our room, and she said it'd be about half an hour, so we had a wander and had a beer and a game of pool in the bar across the street, and were able to check in on returning.The rooms were very similar to the Coventry Inn, in that they are older style, but clean, spacious and comfortable. One added bonus with the Columbus Inn was the small balcony we had in our room - enough to step out on and watch the world go by and with surprising good views of Coit Tower and even a glimpse of the Golden Gate across the rooftops, so I was a happy bunny!We were getting to the end of our stamina on this 4000 odd mile trip, and so opted to order take out to be delivered to the hotel for dinner. It was easy, and after signing up to Grubhub online (with the WiFi being included in the room price) and selecting a place, we called down to let reception know we had a delivery coming and he said they would bring it right up to the room for us - something we're not used to in UK hotels, but very convenient for 2 weary travellers!We were able to eat properly too, as the room has a small dining table and chairs next to the window. Winner! The bathroom is only small, but has a separate vanity/sink area so it was still functional. We slept great in the large comfy bed, and grabbed a yummy breakfast next morning at a cafe in the next street in walking distance, so that was another plus. All in all, i'd recommend this hotel and definitely stay there again. Nice work Columbus!!! :-)
Great value for money. Perfectly positioned for Fisherman's Wharf, Little Italy, China Town, and the cable cars, as well as many other attractions. Rooms were nothing special but clean and comfortable. The staff on the front desk were friendly and extremely helpful.A great place to stay in a great city at a very reasonable price!
This hotel is situated in an area not too far out of the city. Down the road, is the well known pier 39. A bike hire shop is also a minutes walk away, which was useful. Bus and tram links passed nearby, so if you don't feel like walking there is plenty of public transport for you to use.If you are arriving by car, free parking (2 levels) is available with a lift on each level to take you to your room.The staff were extremely friendly and were willing to talk.Free WiFi is available, but was a pain to connect and it kept dropping out constantly.In conclusion, probably one of the best hotels in the area for a very good price. It is situated in the middle of all of the attractions and is within walking distance of eateries and public transport.
A little treasure of a place, free wifi and most importantly free parking. Guy on checkin was very friendly and welcoming. Room was very spacious, not a great view from our window, but we were only here one night for our night tour of Alcatraz and flight home the following day. It had aircon, great shower and the bed was very comfortable. Room was very clean.Hotel is in a great location from the piers, only a few blocks, there were a few homeless people about in the evening, which I admit does make you feel a little uncomfortable walking round of a night, especially as they were in groups, but it was fine.Next morning the guy in reception suggested we went to Pat's for breakfast. What a lovely place and the breakfast was delicious.We would stay here again.
We picked this hotel based on the reviews, rate including parking, and location to fishermans wharf. Overall, I am happy enough with the value, but next stay in San Fran I would pay more and stay in Union Square in a nicer hotel.The hotel was fine. Average hotel really with very good service. It is a motor inn, and is well described as such. The location is great to fishermans wharf, Chinatown and bus routes. It is a very walkable locations and we took advantage of this. Rooms was. A very good size. We paid extra for a sleeper sofa so that our kids could sleep separate. It was nothing of the sort however and was just an old sofa. That said, the room was large and well suited our needs.One other note, it can be a little noisy being on a busy street in a busy are. One night of our two was quite loud, the other was very quiet. Overall, this is an ok hotel, in a strong location and well priced for San Fran
We have found this place thanks to Tripadvisor - it didn't pop out on Booking or anywhere else. We used their own website to book the room. What I was looking for was a place near Fisherman Wharf with easily accessible parking. This place went one step ahead and offered free parking and a room with reasonable price.The location is excellent - within walking distance from the wharf, at rather quiet (for S.F. standards) street . If the location is what you care about - I can definitely recommend this hotel. What surprised me (in a good way) was the free WiFi connection which was very fast and reliable, which is not always a case in American hotels. A coffee maker was a nice addition to the room and super cold drinks from the hotel vending machine saved our lives on a very tough morning )OK, now the dark side of the hotel... First of all, it wasn't the place you want to spend a romantic weekend at - it was not perfecly clean, there was this strange smell in the hallway and in the room which gives you a message it's high time to change carpets and mattresses all over the place. But you can get used to it after a day or two )I've mentioned the parking - yes, it was free (yay!) and easy to find. And yes, you could always take your car out without waiting for the valet. But the whole area and parking places themselves were very small and it took me some time to park the car and then get out of it. If you're driving a rental and you don't know and 'feel' the car - it can get a little bit tricky. Last thing was the front desk service... I know it's not the Ritz but - come on, guys! - calling a cab for your guests shouldn't be a problem, right Well, it is at Columbus.
Whenever we go to San Francisco we stay here. Free Parking. Great location to see all the great sites like the Wharf, ride tolleys and to get a great Irish coffee. You can walk to many great places and the bus system isn't bad either. The rooms are cozy and charming and you can really get the feel of how wonderful a city San Francisco is.
My family and I just got back from vacationing on the west coast. We stayed at the Columbus for one night, and we couldn't have been happier! The location is IDEAL - better than staying at the Warf and at a much better rate. You can not beat the free parking either. You are a couple blocks from the crookedest street and Fisherman's Warf. You can grab the cable cars right at the corner or walk two blocks towards FW and grab it at the end/begining of the line. The area is perfectly safe and we never felt nervous while walking around in the evening. One thing to note, however, the nightclub next door is now open again (some people here had previously stated it was closed). We had a room on the third floor on the corner right next to the the club and you could hear the music slightly through the walls. I don't think there would be any problem if you got any of the other rooms facing the street and not the corner room or if you were staying during the week instead of over the weekend like us. Though our room was right in front of the elevators, we never heard a peep from any of the others staying in the hotel.The rooms are VERY clean and nicer then I expected! We loved the layout of the room! Though we didn't have a balcony, we had half a wall of windows that opened and a great little table/chairs to sit and watch the day go by. The beds were comfortable, the bathroom a nice size, and the shower had good water pressure.We would certainly stay here again. The staff was very helpful and polite. NOTE: You may be tempted to ask for a room away from the road, but I wouldn't do so. You're stuck (1) with not view facing the building next door and (2) You're stuck right next to the nightclub - certainly not more quiet then the street during the weekend. The traffic noise was minimal and wouldn't bother the average sleeper. Besides, it's not a huge interstate highway passing by the hotel anyway. Just a regular city street.Fisherman's Warf: This is a very touristy location and not the cute little warf you might imagine or remember from days gone by. Certainly take a stroll down to it to at least check out the sealions basking on the platforms, but I wouldn't recommend eating there unless you just want something basic. Instead, China Town and Little Italy is close by and offers a much better selection and quality of food.Cable Car: Purchase a day pass instead of simply a one-way or round trip ticket. The day pass only costs a couple dollars more and it allows you to jump on and off when you want for the whole day.
Second time staying here. Room 211 faces an alley and is super quiet at night. Two beds perfect for a family trip. If going to the baseball game take the 30 muni right outside the hotel. 2 gets you to within a few blocks of the park. Takes about 25-30 mins during the week.
We enjoyed our stay at Columbus Motor Inn. The motel is fairly basic but good value, ideally located to visit Fishermans Wharf (5-10 mins). We had breakfast locally at Hollywood Cafe which was great. We used Muni route 30 regularly to get us about to places - convenient as there is a bus stop right outside the motel.We are a family of 5 and had requested a roll away bed and even with that in the room there was ample space in the room. We were not in the room much however as wanted to be out and about.Staff friendly and we did not have much need to call on them but they would have helped had we needed it
The room was big and the queen beds were comfortable. There was a good view on Columbus Street. The furniture is not luxurious, but feels solid. The bathroom was a bit tiny but clean. The location is almost excellent: you just have to walk five minutes to go to the heart of North Beach, the italian quarter, full of restaurants and one of the best location to sleep in San Francisco. You can find the best Espresso there.. and a lot of great places for breakfast! (there is no breakfast in the motel). The elevator could a little crowded at morning, if you are in hurry, take the stairs! A nice motel in a great district!
The Columbus Hotel is in a perfect position if you are visiting San Francisco. If you stay here you are very close to all the the city has to offer. I found the staff very friendly and welcoming. The hotel is clean but could do with being updated a little. The free parking is a major plus, which can be very expensive in other hotel's if you are staying for a few days. All in All, I would stay here again. (View from my Room)
We stayed here for two nights in September. Other hotels were extortionate at this time of year with 30-40 per night car parking. The Columbus Motor Inn was a reasonable rate for this popular city and also had free car parking.The room was large, well furnished, quiet, clean and comfortable and the location was good. The neighbourhood felt safe and it is withing walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf.
We wanted a hotel in SF that was reasonably priced, with a good location, and with parking for our rental car that did not cost 50+ per day. Columbus Motor Inn fit the bill. Great rates for SF, in a decent location, though not as close to Fisherman's Wharf as we would have liked. Free parking a big plus. Suite was spacious and clean. Good wifi service. No frills here - no mini-frig in room, no breakfast, not decor. Desk staff was not very helpful. Housekeeping was quick and came daily.
The shared areas like the kitchen and the bathrooms were pretty modern and nice. Breakfast included was basic but it's free. Our bed was really comfy and although it was quite loud outside we slept quite well. The bedrooms and hallways could do with a bit of TLC but in general it was clean and pleasant. The area around the hotel isn't great... there a lot of homeless people around but we didn't feel unsafe at any time and would stay here again.
Minna Hotel provides breakfast in the morning and professional staff to accomodate guests. They accept payment throught cards and cash. Cozy rooms with central heating system in place with hot / cold water 24 hours
You can hardly call this a hotel. The neighbourhood is dirty! A lot of homeless people on the streets who make a lot of noise during the night! The rooms are very small, there was no service at all. The showers an dtoilet on the floor, so in the morning you have to wait a while to refresh. During my tour in western States thius was the worst experience! The price FAR to high for what you get!Distance to the town is OK. The only positiv thing on this place if you feel good to walk between the homeless. Bottles, dirt etc...
Rooms are clean but you must share a bathroom. Only a few blocks from Moscone Center and some good restaurants. Continentel breakfast is only muffins and toast with coffee and juice but at least its enough to start your day. Value is good for the prices.
It's a decent place to sleep. It had the 2 queen beds, was Clean, had coffee and pancakes in morning. Was a good deal. I'd stay there again. It was quiet. Had a hard time parking my large pickup, but I managed.
We drove up to the motel and had second thoughts about this reservation. It was freshly painted but was old architecture. The locale looked iffy. We went to the office and were met by extremely nice staff. When we opened the door to our room, our fears were allayed. The room was very clean and newly remodeled. It looked beautiful.... More
TV didn't work for two days, Never left two sets of towels, no bathroom tissue, coffee maker didn't have all the parts, no clock, breakfast yuck, worst orange juice, furniture pcs. missing, everthing needs up dating, breakfast always late, no hot water in AM and bed is bad. So dont spend the 118.00 for all this.Dear Omie07,We apologize for the inconveniences during your stay. We will make notes of everything and share with our team to update the things accordingly. Thank you for your time and thank you for the opportunity to improve. Management
This is my second stay here on a family trip to Disneyland. Last time was about a year ago. Some things were the same- you can see they are very actively renovating still and I was very impressed with the customer service as before. Breakfast is minimal- coffee, juice, cereal and Costco pastry- but down the street is Varsity Burger which is great, fast, cheap eats (classic LA pastrami, mexican burgers joint) so that's okay. I think the key to a happy stay here is requesting a renovated room. They were putting new furniture in the rooms and renovating the hallway to the lobby so you can SEE major improvements in the works. However, many rooms are not yet refurbished. I stayed in a partially refurbished room last time with a kitchenette and 2Q beds. Was VERY pleased with this room for cleanliness, lay out, and price. Linens were new and crisp, bed was super comfortable, furniture needed some love but was highly functional. This time we stayed in the same building, 2Q with micro/fridge, but not the built in kitchenette area. Thought we had booked the same room, but rooms are not all the same even when in the same building, and this one was somewhat shabby- needs new carpets, burnt out light bulbs, bad plaster job on hole in wall, broken towel rack. That said, mattress was comfortable and same nice, clean linens. I would stay here again, but I would recommend specifying that you want a remodeled room.Dear JenAndAlec,Thank you for staying with us and giving us feedback on the work weve been working on. We are glad that you and your family had a comfortable stay.Management
We had an awesome experience here at the lemon tree it was great because the first motel we stayed at was garbage so when we found the lemon tree hotel we felt we hit the jackpot was so clean smelled great bathrooms were shiny it didn't smell like smoke which was awesome I will definitely recommend this hotel to family and friends I will vouch for them thank u guys.
We were underwhelmed with the room. It was cleaned very fast without any attention to detail, hairs on the bed, dirty glass doors, sticky floors and tables, etc...I really don't know how this mess was awarded a 3 star rating! Even the shower curtains were falling apart, renovations looked like they were done by a 10 year old. Sorry but not up to my standards (which are not unreasonable).
As stated by most folks, the hotel is very dated. However, for the price we paid you'll hear no complaints from me. Saw this hotel online and called to see if they had a military discount. The gentleman who answered the phone gave me the most amazing deal! We got a family suite for the 6 of us for less than the price of a single room. The pool was great for the kids to play in when we weren't at Disney. The front staff was very nice and even let us check in 9 hours early for no additional cost (we drove straight from Washington and were exhausted). The continental breakfast is nothing to write home about, but it was food in the belly before trekking around Disney all day. As 2 families splitting the cost of this amazing deal we were able to have lots of extra money to spend on our week long trip here at Disneyland. We stayed May 2015.Thank you for taking the time to share your recent experience at our hotel. We are so glad you found our hotel a good place to stay. We are glad to hear that your family had a great time and are pleased that you enjoyed so much of our establishment and hope you return for future stays. Sincerely,Jose BedollaGuest Relations Manager
I was a guest at this location from 4/7/16 thru 4/9/16. Writing reviews are definately not the norm for me, however, I simply would like to point out the true professionalism and courtesy with regard to the team friendly staff you employ here. As a previous manager myself, I know that attitude is everything. Not to mention the good o'l... More
The hotel was clean, staff was friendly and the best part was that we could walk to Six Flags from the hotel. We took the hotel shuttle to Six Flags (runs every hour) and then walked back that night. Pool was heated and clean. We missed the breakfast because we slept in but it was included in the price! The... More
We checked in very late to this hotel needing sleep before a long day of adventures at Six Flags Discovery Kingdom! I was surprised after checking into the hotel after reading other negative reviews. This hotel is very clean and staff is very helpful. Location is very close to Six Flags! They had a full breakfast too! I would highly... More
Hotel was very nice, easy to find and staff was pleasant. We only spent one night but the place was great. We arrived around 0200 am and our room was waiting for us. The place was easy to find, clean and quiet. We had an extended check out time that was worked weel for us so could sleep a little... More
Like they said your first impression is the best. Well not here, first step we took on the hall way to our room, very very dirty carpet. We were like all no, please let the room be clean. Bed was on the hard side which we loved, felt very comfy for us, sheets smelled very clean. It has been one... More
This is a very good hotel to stay if you are visiting Fresno or Clovis, specially by business. Very clean, comfy and very friendly staff. This is my 5th stay in this location. Always great experience.
Near the Airport and California State University, Fresno. Hotel has nice Lobby with large conference table, fireplace and abundant seating. Restaurant and Bar provide a variety of options. Nice Fitness Room and Pool.
Only complaint was a fire alarm test that wasn't communicated and evacuation wasn't needed at 8:00 am which was an inconvience but nothing more. staff was phenomenal and a great resource for local food places that were great!
Good for a night's stop over at Barstow. We had a pretty good sleep after a long tiring day. The queen beds and pillows were very comfortable. Room was pretty much clean. Overall its a good property at a cheap price. Though they did not have free breakfast.
The staff of the Motel 6 was helpful, informative, and friendly. The facility was well lit and in a safe neighborhood. Our room was neat, well cleaned, and in very good condition. Like most Motel 6 rooms, it was serviceable and well-maintained. It was not the Ritz. There was no refrigerator or hairdryer, but for the price, it was an... More
The quality of the staff is unparralled, better than any 5 star hotel I've visited. If you are looking for an impersonal chain hotel, this isn't it. Unique and quirky in a good way. Space is a premium, the rooms and bath are on the small side,....but not exceedingly so. Great room amenities, refrigerator, safe, plenty of power outlets and usb ports for charging electronics and even a mini bar with great snacks. And roof top deck for hanging out which was little used by the guest when I was there, so I had it all to myself. There's even a great cafe attached to the hotel with excellent food. But the real star was the staff. Always friendly, interested in the quality of your stay and very helpful at all hours of the day and night.Reading your review has brought me so much joy, thank you for sharing your experience with the rest of the world. I hope it entices others to enjoy our humble establishment as you have.William J Strickland Hotel Manager
Infected of fleas and thumbtacks, bedbags infected. The people of receipt know the problem and nevertheless it rents the rooms. Hotel to demand
This was a no nonsense, lowest price we found motel in Ukiah. The rooms were clean and the staff was responsive when we had difficulties with our air conditioner. The freeway is close by as is a Walmart with a Subway for dinner, fruit for our next day's breakfast.
We stayed 2 nights: New Year's Eve and New year's day, and the location was ideal in the heart of Union Square. Saks 5th Ave is a few blocks away, Japantown is a brisk 15 minute walk...Friendly hotel staff, valet parking (35/night) The hotel is a quirky older building (not a bad thing), with dead-end corridors ending at full-height windows looking out onto the street, glass walls looking down into restaurant/common areas. Personality Hotel Group has added a modern sleek look to the whole place. Blue elevator buttons, stainless headboard that peels away to reveal the wall, Artemide night table swing arm lamps, simple modern shower fixtures all add to the industrial chic. The shower was strong, room had complimentary wireless, filing drawer dresser, writing desk, Swing-arm flat screen TV, bertoia diamond chairs, room safe, separate washsink area. Bathroom was a little small and tiles looked like they could use some cleaning and some grout. The bed was comfortable and room was clean, other than the bathroom tiles.Gym was small and a little depressing-blinds were pulled closed to hide the roof fans, gym door probably could have used glass so it didn't seem like you were working out in a prison gym.Business center was nice-I printed out directions to our Sonoma hotel.There is a Starbucks attached through the lobby and a mexican restaurant (we did not try, but looked upscale)Overall, a nice stay in an older building with some decent modern updates.How we got the best rate: 229 New Year's Eve, 129 Jan 1st. After searching around, we got the best rate by booking early on the Diva website directly.
I spent 6 nights here on a business trip recently, sharing with two friends. We found the price very reasonable, and the free wi-fi was great (compared the nearby big hotel, where we had our conference). Staff were very helpful and made good restuarant recommendations. Rooms a little small, and bathroom distinctly so, but there were not enough to affect what we thought was very good value for money. It is really good having the different public (small) lounges, where we had several meetings. Starbucks downstairs were always friendly too, and some very good, low price eating spots nearby.Dear 1Jozi,Thank you for sharing your experience at Hotel Diva with Trip Advisor. I'm glad you enjoyed your stay with us. I hope you will think of us once again on your next trip to San Francisco.We look ofrward to seeing you soon!Best regards,Virgil LopezHotel Manager
Myself, my partner and her father, stayed in a King Suite in March. The room itself was lovely- spacious, modern, funky looking room. The main bed was huge, and comfortable. There was also a pull down bed, which we used, which was again a decent size, and comfy. We also had a large table and chairs in the room- its surprising how nice it is to have somewhere to sit other than a bed whilst staying in a hotel,The location was perfect- very close to the Bart, and cablecars and Union square. A couple of nice diners very nearby for breakfast too. Would highly recommend, based on our stay. There was also 2 hours of free saki (5-7pm) everyday- we only tried this once, on our way out, but its still a nice touch to have.The only real downside, was that there was a lot of street noise, and it appeared to be an old hotel done out, but the windows were still the old orignal ones- so didnt keep much of the noise out at all- I would suggest taking earplugs! we were woken around 6am most mornings.
How can you beat a champagne welcome before going to your quiet, comfy, updated room that is close to great shopping, great restaurants and the theater, not to mention an easy walk to business appointments in the financial district. I'd read other reviews of the hotel, so I requested a room on a low floor in a quiet spot. The wonderful, friendly desk staff were very accommodating and put me on the second floor, which allowed me to take the stairway to the lobby. I was a little concerned about the bed, having read other reviews. No worries, the bed was very comfortable, not too hard at all. The room was updated and appointed well. While I'm sure there are some small rooms in the hotel - after all it is San Francisco - the one I had was a perfect size. The bathroom was tiny - after all it is San Francisco - but remodeled and clean. Across from the theater, two blocks down from Union Square and some of the best shopping in the world, any type of food you can imagine within a few blocks.Thank you very much for sharing this great feedback on your recent stay with us! We are pleased to hear you had a wonderful first impression and enjoyed the bubbly! We strive for great service and are happy you found our staff friendly and helpful. Your review means a lot to us and we hope to welcome you back again soon.
I travel to San Francisco often being that I live in Los Angeles and my sister lives up there, It is less than a days worth of driving or an hour flight so the city is not difficult for me to get to. I travel up there about once a month and almost every time if I am not staying at my sister's, I will stay at Hotel Diva. Truly for the money you pay at this hotel and the location it is in, considering all the other mega hotels around it, it is totally worth it! I give this hotel 4 stars because truly it is not a 5 star hotel. It is very small but very modern and updated. It is in the middle of union square just walking distance to bars, restaurants, all the shopping you could want and of course Ruby Skye and the Starlight room if you're into those popular attractions. The decor is very modern and hip with lots of black and white everywhere, which I love. Beds are comfortable, space is small but it is more of a boutique style hotel. The people at the front desk are always willing to go above and beyond for their guests and always want to make sure everyone is satisfied. I also love the way the windows actually open in this hotel, so many hotels in the city don't allow you to fully open windows or to open them at all, some are sliding doors with a screen or a small knob that you can crank to crack it open, but I love the single pane that slides up to open and let you get the fresh air! have now stayed there multiple times and I still plan to go back again :)Hi Suzi F,Thank you for staying at Hotel Diva. I'm glad you enjoyed your stay with us. We look forward to seeing you again soon!Best regards,Virgil LopezHotel Manager
I remember the fun leg blinds last time and thought the hotel was fun and quirky. this time there were no leg blinds and the decor just seemed very dull. very tiny bathroom. was quiet which was nice.Thank you for being a repeat guest of our hotel. We appreciate your business and are sorry to hear your most recent experience was not as great as your last. We will share this feedback with our team to help us improve and we hope to impress you on a future stay. Thanks again.
Rooms are ok. Nothing fancy but not shabby. Staff is awesome, Matt in particular. Champagne at 5 is a plus! Mexican dining/bar next door is good. Walking distance all around downtown, Chinatown shops. Thanks for being our guest and sharing these great comments with us! We are pleased you enjoyed our friendly staff, location and bubbles! I will make sure to praise Matt and we appreciate you taking the time to recognize him! We hope to welcome you back again soon. Best,
Reasonably priced for SF, especially if you need to do business in the City.Mediocre staff, limited amenities in the hotel.Worth it if you can't find a better price on Hotel Tonight but basically clean, functional but you are on your own for food. Not for kids.Dear Guy in London,Thank you for staying at Hotel Diva. Although our staff gets favorable reviews, I'm so sorry to hear your experience wasn't the same. We do have concierge services available for any restaurant reccommendations or reservations you may need. We also have a mexican bistro on site, Colibri also provides our room service.I hope you will give Hotel Diva another chance on your next visit to San Francisco.Best regards,Virgil LopezHotel Manager
We stayed in an suite for 3 nights (4 pers.). The staff was friendly and helpful. The Hotel is located near Union Square, just 5 minutes to walk. Parking is expensive. The room was big enough, though we would've stayed in separate rooms, if we'd stayed longer.
The staff was so friendly when we first arrived. They greeted us and let us keep our biags there while we went to go park the car and have brunch. They even helped with suggestion on places to eat. :)Thank you for the great feedback on your recent stay! We are pleased to hear our staff were friendly and able to assist with local recommendations. We hope to see you again in the near future.
The room has additional room fee charged which should be included in the price for wifi ect and the wifi consitantly drops out. The noise at night from other venues such as empty bottles being emptied into bins occurs every night and the room above had water dripping onto our window from the a/c unit which kept us awake. It's a old hotel with a lick of paint on it and also had construction work being carried out during the day the staff are friendly but I won't be returning.Thank you for the feedback. We are pleased to hear that you found our staff to be friendly. I apologize however if the rest of your stay was less than excellent. We do charge a facility fee that includes free Wifi as well as other items. I am sorry you were having difficulties connecting, we do have 24 hour staff available at the front desk to assist our guests with things like this. We strive for all guests to have a 5 star stay and again we apologize this was not the case.
This is a hidden gem in the Union Square area. There is an adjacent Starbucks for those who can't function without their morning java. The rooms are spacious, and some rooms come with a murphy bed. The dcor is clean and metropolitan, but the window shades have silhouettes of scantily-clad women which some might find unnecessary. The bathrooms, or shall I say toilet rooms have a shower/tub and toilet, while the actual sink is in the room itself. It's difficult not to wake your partner if you get up at night for water or brush your teeth. The staff was uber-friendly! The hotel itself is just steps away from shopping, fine dining, casual dining, and cable cars.Dear Valerie,Im glad to hear we met your expectations during your recent stay with us. Thank you for choosing Hotel Diva. We hope to see again soon.Warm regards,Virgil LopezHotel Manager
Location can't be better. Just a few steps from the Union Square: you can find a lot of restaurants, shops, etc. around. The staff is really kind, welcoming and helpful. The hotel itslef is ok, but the interior design is a bit tired. It's a pretty good choice anyway.Thank you for the kind comments about our friendly staff and central location! We value your feedback and appreciate you taking the time to share this with us. We hope to impress you on a future stay.
I believe I got more than what I paid for. The location of the hotel is very convenient to everything, the staff are great and the price fits my budget very well. I can't wait to stay again at Diva on my next trip to SFO.
This centrally located hotel really tries to be hip and trendy, but the rooms leave a bit to desired. The bathrooms are quite small and cramped and in need of some renovations, my room looked out onto a wall and fire escapes, and it was quite noisy at night (lack of soundproofing). I tried doing an early checkin after requesting it online, but was denied.Overall, I prefer the Hotel Vertigo with its newer rooms and actual daylight in the rooms and at which I've never had any problems getting an early check-in.
I stayed here for a big technology conference and while I usually don't write reviews, I feel compelled to write one for this place because it has a lot of potential, but they are missing the boat on some really important stuff right now.Ok, first the good stuff:It's quieter than most places in downtown. It's kind of tucked away (at least the ground floor rooms are) and that made for very pleasant sleeping. I've stayed at many other downtown hotels where I had to wear earplugs to block out the honking and yelling and all the other noises of downtown.The internet is really fast. I clocked it about 10mb/s down and up. And it was very reliable, too.The rooms are newly renovated with very comfortable beds, and a lot of space overall for a downtown hotel room.The service were always very friendly.Now the bad stuff:The bathroom was a like a bad, cruel joke. The hot water came on when it felt like it and turned off again just as easily. I frequently waited over ten minutes (I timed it) for the hot water to come on. Just standing there, naked and freezing, until it was finally warm enough to shower. At other times (usually right when I was about to call the front desk to complain) it came on instantly. One time I was in the middle of a shower and the hot water mostly went away (the water wasn't freezing, but it wasn't warm enough, either) for about 5 minutes, then came back even though I hadn't touched the faucet.If that wasn't bad enough, there no shelves in the shower! So I just had to leave all my stuff (shampoo, conditioner, razor, etc.) lying on the floor of the shower. Oh, and to top it all off, there wasn't a shower door, either - only half of the shower had a wall, so the other half let water out all over the floor. I almost forgot: another dumb thing about the bathroom: the light is on a motion sensor, which is a good idea generally, except in the middle of the night when I stumbled in and was blinded when all the lights came on.One day, they decided to test the alarm system at 10:30am, right when I was in the middle of trying to get some work done. They tested it over and over, and it was painfully loud and jarring. Also, I told the front desk I was going to use the gym (which is a few blocks away, but is actually really nice - it's called Active Sports Club and they have great equipment, free weights, squat rack, smith bar, and even a pool) and he told me all I needed to bring was my hotel key. That was wrong - you also need your ID - so I had to come back to get that.Something that didn't bother me, but it might matter to other people: the TV guide shows a whole bunch of channels, but they only actually offer the over-the-air broadcast channels. There are a few other random things that are annoying but I assume they'll fix. For example, they told me I could get free water from a dispenser (the water in the room is 3 per bottle!!) but the dispenser was broken, so I had to find water at the conference I was going to. Also, they have temporary signs up with the room numbers which also have brail, but since it's printed, the brail is completely useless. It just feels very poorly managed and not well thought out.All things considered, the bad far outweigh the good, at least for now. If they fix the bathrooms and complete the renovation, it might be a pretty good option. But for now, at the prices they're charging, you can do much better.Thank you for taking the time to provide us with this feedback. We greatly value your comments and will review all of them with our team to help us improve. We are pleased you found the staff friendly, rooms quiet and comfy. We hope to have the chance to impress you on a future stay. Thank you again for sharing this with us.
The room was adorable, very nicely sized. The shower head was great, and they even had a computer in the room, all set up for WiFi. With complimentary sake, room service brunch, and the price, we will definitely be coming back.Dear Amanda, Im glad to hear we met your expectations during your recent stay with us. Thank you for choosing Hotel Diva. We hope to see you soon. Warm regards, Virgil Lopez Hotel Manager
Fantastic location, clean rooms and very attentive staff...what else can you ask for Rates are good too!
It was my first time in San Fran with my family and we stayed at Diva for 4 nights.We were quite satisfied with the stay as the hotel was in the center of union sq and it was very close to the shopping area and restaurants.The staff was kind and helpful as well.Dear Abhinavm33,Thank you for staying at Hotel Diva. I hope you and your family had a memorable first trip to San Francisco. We look forward to welcoming you back at Hotel Diva.Best regards,Virgil LopezHotel Manager
So glad we chose Hotel Diva, staff was super, hotel was clean and convenient location. Loved its style! We stayed for two weeks and got upgraded to a suite, reminded me of a little studio. Check out photos, what you see is what you get! Nothing fancy but classy in its decoration! Bed very comfortable!!!Hi Diana PThank you so much for taking the time to write such a nice review and share it with other travelers. It is very important for us to know what made your experience so special. Please let us know if we can be of any assistance in planning for your next trip to San Francisco. We look forward to seeing you soon at Hotel Diva!Best RegardsVirgil LopezHotel Manager
This hotel is in the perfect location right in the heart of downtown SF. The room was small but nice and clean. They were remodeling during my stay but I hardly notice, it was nice and quite. Many bars and restaurants near by. Overall great stay and I definitely will return when I'm in SF.Wow! Thank you for sharing your 5 star Diva experience with us! We are delighted to hear you had a wonderful visit and look forward to seeing you next time you are in San Francisco! Thank you again.
No view unless you face Geary street. Workout room is very small and had no floor mats for ab work. Suggest lubing the elevator doors and tracks. The staff is very good! Rooms are modern and hip but aging.Park at the Mason - O'Farrell garage 1 block away 35 per night to save on 65 valet parkingThank you for the feedback on your stay with us. We are very sorry to hear your visit was less than excellent. We value all guest comments and will share this with our team to help us improve. We hope to impress you on a future stay. Thanks again.
Read the reviews and agree that if you are looking for a clean, friendly and less busy hotel close to Union Square then you will not be disappointed. As mentioned, bathroom was small but tidy. Appreciated the comfortable bed/sheets, free wifi, small fridge, iPod docking station/radio, business centre to print boarding passes, in-room safe and of course a Starbucks next to the lobby. Helpful concierge. Walking distance to the Moscone Center. For local dining flavor and experience, I suggest the Pinecrest Diner across the street for breakfast (good Spanish omelette) and Katana-Ya next door for good ramen. But for really good Japanese food, I recommend Sanraku on Sutter/Taylor.
Smallest room but that's SF! We got an interior room away from the street so it was quiet. Little odd that the sink is outside of bathroom but you get used to it! Wall unit AC was adequate for ventilation to keep air moving. SF Weather was perfect during our stay at 58-75 degrees. Odd thing one day was no hot water at 1 pm when I went to take a shower, just a one off I guess. Elevator seems a bit dodgy at times but still functional, just have to use the close door button frequently!There's a Starbucks next door for coffee and Colibri Mexican restaurant the other direction. (Colibri must be a good place because we couldn't get a seat to the bar for happy hour for two days, so we gave up!)I would stay again but there are other nicer looking options a couple of blocks away at Union Square. Thank you for the kind comments on your recent stay with us. We are happy to hear you had a nice visit to our hotel. I will ask my maintenance team to look into why there was no hot water at 1pm during your stay. We are very sorry for the inconvenience. We appreciate your feedback and hope to impress you on a future visit.
We checked in early and it wasn't an issue to the staff. Friendly, efficient check in staff and everyone we met though out the stay was excellent. Rooms will be good for another few years before they need a refurbish. I would only suggest that they take a look at some of the electrical sockets as they made static noise when being used. Also another concern was windows open so if you have children I see a real hazard!!! Everything was clean and as promised on the web site. Love the location and as mentioned, all the staff are 10 out of 10. WILL be back
Hotel Diva doesn't look like much from the outside, but once you step in, this is a sleek, modern hotel, with great rooms, modern decor, excellent room amenities, and superb housekeeping. Front desk staff are excellent, and knowledgeable about San Francisco. The shower is particularly nice. The beds are quite comfortable. 7 minute walk to the Bart.Wow! Thank you for sharing your great Diva experience with us! We are happy to hear you enjoyed our hotel, excellent staff and comfy beds. We appreciate your feedback and hope to impress you on a future stay.
My family and I had an amazing experience at hotel diva! From the great location, one of a kind interiors to their mid afternoon sake treats, hotel diva is a must stay to get the most out of your San Fran trip. Our host Kendra was so cool, kind and accommodating considering it was one of the busier weekends in the area (an international half marathon was happening a few blocks away). She and all her staff treated us all like VIPs! I'd highly recommend staying here!Dear Andro A,Thank you for sharing your experience at Hotel Diva with Trip Advisor. I'm glad you and your family enjoyed your stay with us. Kendra would like to extend her appreciation for your kind words. We look forward to welcoming you and your family back to Hotel Diva. Best regards,Virgil LopezHotel Manager
Clean room, comfortable furniture, and good service. The amenities in the bathroom and the showers were top notch. Also, it the room had a fast internet connection, so it was easy to get work done. Overall a great experience.Hi Ryan, Thank you for staying at Hotel Diva. I hope you enjoyed your stay with us. We look forward to seeing you again soon! Best regards, Virgil Lopez Hotel Manager
This hotel was not the adorable boutique it appears to be on the website. While it did have some modernistic styles to it, some of that was just plain weird and made the place feel cold. Neon blue lights in the elevators and metal sinks that made you feel like you were washing up in a garbage disposal! We were first given a Two Room Studio Queen and while the main room was fine, the one with the murphy bed was stark and creepy. I pulled down the murphy bed which had a thin sheet on it, not comphy blanket or pillow like the other bed. I asked housekeeping for towels and to make up the murphy bed and when we returned from our evening out, the towels were there on the unmade bed. I called again and the housekeeping but really a guy who looked like a maintenance man arrived and said what would you like me to do with a snarky tone. He pointed me to a closet w/pillows and a blanket. Excuse me, didn't realize I had to make my own bed at a hotel. I turned on the flatscreen and it was all snowy w/terrible reception. Off to a good start. The second night we switched to a regular room w/two queen sized beds. They told us which room to go to. Later we found the bathroom was not cleaned (you don't want to know...) as well as garbage left by previous guests. That TV also was difficult to see and the clock we were given was set on a completely wrong time and the ipod plug in didnt work. Speaking of my ipod (ipad) while there was free wi-fi, it was terrible and barely worked. I'm guessing they did clean the room the following nights b/c of the housekeeping knocks on the door while we were still sleeping in the morning. They may want to consider those little please do not disturb door hangers to solve that problem. To top it all off, there is an alley alongside the hotel that every night at about 3am bottle pick woke us up and kept us up as loud crashing noises filled our room! This place would be in big trouble if an actual diva ever showed up!
Location and overall quality are good. Rooms are clean, staff is exceptionally helpful. I have stayed here twice now and I will likely continue to return when I am back in San Francisco. As a solo traveler I put a high value on a sense of security and they really do a great job with that. Thank you for being a loyal guest of Hotel Diva. We are pleased to hear you find our staff to be exceptionally helpful! We really appreciate your feedback and will share this with our team. We look forward to seeing you next time you are in SF.
We were treated like special guests when we arrived. We questioned the size of the first room so were given a bigger room at no more money. The hotel is very well located. We enjoyed our stay. Staff were extremely friendly and helpful.Thank you for sharing your 5 star Diva experience with us! We are delighted to hear you had a wonderful stay and enjoyed our friendly staff and location. We appreciate your comments and hope to see you again soon.
Diva is our 'go to' hotel in San Francisco. Its fresh and modern vibe is a relief from the many Edwardian hotels in the city. It is clean and well managed by an especially friendly staff, with a green resource use program. The price is usually mid-level and the quality is excellent, so the overall value is high.Wow! Thank you for being loyal guests of Hotel Diva! We are pleased to hear your most recent visit was 5 star! We greatly value your feedback and look forward to seeing you again next time you are in SF.
When pricing hotels, don't forget about the 50/night parking fee and the resort fee for this hotel. These will add about 75 per night to the listed price. Nice hotel and great location. However, if you don't care about modern furniture and a shot of saki between 5-7pm, then you can find cheaper hotels in the area of the same quality, such as the Mosser, through various travel websites. Thank you for taking the time to share your stay with us. We are pleased to hear you enjoyed our location and hotel. We apologize if you were unaware of the expensive parking rates in SF. Our valet is operated by Pro Park America and though the charge seems high, they are competitive with the surrounding hotels pricing in our area. We value your comments and hope to have the pleasure of seeing you again soon!
Surrounding does not feel safe as there are many homeless people roaming around, especially when you are travelling alone Location was great. Staff were friendly. Suggest that they can just add the additional facilities fees to the room rate instead of charging it when the guest check in. It will simplify the accounting documentation for business travelers.Thank you for taking the time to share your recent stay with us. We are pleased to hear you loved our central location and friendly staff. We value all guest feedback and will review these comments with our team. We hope to welcome you back and impress you on a future stay. Thanks again.
From reading previous reviews, we asked for a quiet room, knowing that it would not have a view, but considered this a good trade. The room was, indeed, very quiet and clean. The few issues we had with the room were addressed quickly. Happy hour every night in the lobby was fun! The hotel certainly looks a bit tired in the hallways and could use some updating, but it is the staff that makes this hotel so very enjoyable. Location is awesome. We would definitely be back! Thanks to the Diva staff for making our trip so memorable and fun.Thank you for the wonderful feedback on your recent stay. We are pleased to hear you were able to get some great rest in our quiet rooms and enjoyed our friendly staff. Your review means a lot to us and we hope to have the pleasure of welcoming you back in the near future.
My stay at this hotel was amazing,the staff was attentive and respectful, especially the young man at the door. He was kind and very helpful. The place was neat as well:I will deff be recommending this hotel and coming back. Wow! Thanks for being our guest and sharing your 5 star stay at Hotel Diva! We are thrilled you had an amazing experience and were well taken care of by our staff! Your feedback and recommendation means the world to us and we hope to have the pleasure of seeing you again soon.
Be prepared for an intimate getaway with your honey, right in the downtown theater section of exciting San Francisco. Beautifully remodeled, the hotel rooms are comfortable while being stylishly edgy. Sexy!!!
Definitely can't beat the prices here, especially during the Christmas season, this place was a steal! One minute walk away from the busy Union Square shopping district, the famous San Francisco cable cars and a five-minute walk to the BART metro. The staff were super friendly, including the housekeeping ladies and were very accommodative to my needs. Room was clean, modern, and very comfortable albeit a few creaking floorboards. Found it so hard to get out of bed every morning considering how soft it was! My room was facing the street, and there generally was a lot of noise late into the night (i.e. people shouting, laughing, cars honking etc.) but this is hardly the fault of the hotel. I would highly recommend this place to travelers on a budget and consider this a hidden gem in such a busy area!WOW! Thank you for sharing your 5 star Diva experience and choosing our hotel to spend the holidays in SF. We greatly appreciate your feedback and understanding when it comes to city noise. We hope to have the pleasure of seeing you again soon. Happy Holidays!
The freshener of the room was too strong it smelled like a men cologne. Bathroom smelled like pee. Also when I was trying to check in the staff (2 of them ) were just talking to each other I had to wait a cool 3 mins to get help. Thank you for the feedback, we are extremely sorry to hear your stay was less than excellent. I can assure you this is not the experience we strive for and will review these comments with our team to help us improve moving forward. We hope to have the chance to impress you on a future stay.
The hotel was located near union square, which is a good place to get anywhere else in the city. However, my room was located on the ground floor and my window faced a dark alley, so I didn't get any daylight. Plus it was really loud even at night which made sleeping difficult. The hotel and service were great otherwise, I guess I got a bad room and no discount on it, so for me it wasn't worth the high price.Thank you for sharing your recent stay with us. We are happy to hear you enjoyed our friendly service and central location. I am very sorry you were unhappy with your room. We do have staff available that can assist with a room move if we have something different available. We greatly appreciate your feedback and hope to impress you on a future visit. Thanks again.
I found the Diva an ideal hotel for the price and the location, and I have no major complaints about the service or the room. I booked one of the slightly larger rooms, which made my stay more enjoyable. It had a couch and table to accompany the more standard hotel furniture and king-size bed. Someone referred to the furniture as office, but it would more properly just be called urban contemporary. I rather liked it. The bathroom was a bit small and not the greatest, but it sufficed. Not too many TV channels, but a nice large TV and free internet. The location is very convenient to BART, Union Square shopping, theaters, artsy places, restaurants, and larger conference hotels (such as the Hilton). The area is active, bustling, and a little gritty, but nothing to be too worried about as a guest. Overall, I would recommend it, and I definitely plan to stay there again when I need a room in downtown San Francisco.
When we checked in for our 2nd stay, we were surprised to see the room was much smaller than last time, as we were upgraded to a suite then. When we went downstairs to ask about the upgrade we saw online, they kindly accommodated us upgraded us to an even bigger room, no problem. The staff is extremely nice the complimentary drinks from 5-7 are a nice touch! I just wish they had a fridge int he room.Thank you for being a loyal guest of our hotel! We are happy to hear you find our staff members extremely nice. We look forward to seeing you next time you are in SF. Thanks again.
I arrived after traveling for 20 hours or so and was given a great room 320. It looked the goods and was spacious..... really looked the goods. It was a Saturday night and the street noise did not let up, emergency vehicles, drunks, fights, cars honking.......even with earplugs it was impossible to sleep. Whatever you do, when you book guarantee that you don't get a street facing room.I moved to s smaller back room that was not as nice as 320 but managed to get some sleep for the remainder of my stay.- book well ahead if you are going during a conference event. I did not and paid more than 2 x what I'd expect. At regular rates it's well priced at conference rates I at least was gouged big time.- use the concierge's car service to get to the airport.....clean, comfortable, etc, etc- there is a small Thai restaurant that serves reasonably authentic Thai that's not badHi Kev O.,Thank you so much for taking the time to write such a thorough review to share with other travelers. It is very important for us to know what made your experience so special. Please let us know if we can be of any assistance in planning for your next trip to San Francisco we would be more than happy to find a room more suitable for you. We look forward to seeing you soon!Best Regards,Dana AndrewsGuest Relations
Hotel Diva is a wonderful place to stay. The staff is friendly and very helpful. The location is excellent, very close to Powell and cable cars. Having access to a Starbucks from the lobby is definitely a plus.Wow! Thanks for being our guest and sharing your 5 star experience at Hotel Diva! We are pleased you enjoyed our central location and friendly staff. We greatly appreciate your comments and hope to have the pleasure of seeing you again soon.
beds were awesome, rooms just ok. couldn't get wifi to work, you could hear everything. they are remodeling, but I doubt if they are making the rooms bigger. skinny halls and I hated the elevator ridesDear F9205FYbredab,Thank you for taking your time to share your experience. I am glad to hear that you like our beds, and I am sorry to hear your experience of the elevator rides. We are undergoing renovation now but we hope you would give us a second chance in the future after the renovation. Sue LaoGuest Services Manager
Perfect stay in perfect hotel. Everything was fantastic. My impression was on service and employees. Fantastic happy people. Valet parking is available and it is a game change in SF.I highly recommend!! Overall great stay. We will be back again!!Wow! Thank you for sharing your 5 star Diva experience with us! We are delighted to hear you had a perfect stay. We appreciate your feedback and hope to have the pleasure of seeing you again soon. All the best.
Right next to the shopping my wife loves on Union Sq. and the older more staid hotels of SF like the St. Francis is the Diva. I went to SF for a business conference the St. Francis but decided I wanted to get away from the business crowd somewhat. Diva was a perfect choice. It was a block from the conference but a whole different atmosphere. From the famous guests prints in the concrete to the lights in the elevator and the curtains on the wall the Diva was fun. Staff was friendly and focused and the bed was comfortable. I'll definately do it again.Dear Ian J,Thank you for staying at Hotel Diva. I'm glad you had a pleasant stay with us, I hope you will think of us again on your next visit to San Francisco.Best regards,Virgil LopezHotel Manager
I'd recommend this hotel to any person, whether single, a family, or a couple. The staff were attentive, professional, and very helpful. When we arrived, our room was one of a smaller size, which the staff checking us in told us would be able to upgraded at no charge to us because we were staying so long! My girlfriend an I stayed at Hotel Diva for 10 days and loved every minute of it. Being in Union Square, this hotel offers a great amount of dining and theatre as well as easy access to other neighborhoods via bus or taxi. Excellent hotel!
Hotel Diva is a good hotel for SF. Many places are old or expensive. Diva maintains a funky vibe while being good value. Amenities are a bit lacking but there is a Starbucks next door which helps. Overall recommended.Tip - good local restaurant is Fish and Farm. The 7 x 7 burger is excellent.
Trendy vibe, friendly service, older building. Construction noise on the street at 6 am was a bummerInteresting my room looked out to another brick wall maybe 3 feet away, but they had a cool shade to look at insteadHi Deborah, Thank you so much for sharing your thoughts in regards to your stay with us last month. Though located in a wonderful downtown San Francisco location, we do understand the street noise can be a little loud at times. On your next visit to SF, feel free to give us a call and we will be happy to place you in a room in the interior of the hotel to ensure an enjoyable nights sleep.All the best, Tyler LaytonDirector of Operations
I cannot express enough how much I love this place. I was a little hesitant because of some of the reviews, but the price point was perfect so I figured I didn't have anything to lose.As soon as I walked in, I knew I had made the right choice. Sleek and modern decor combined with incredibly friendly service made me feel immediately at ease. I booked the Executive King sized room and requested a room NOT facing Geary so that I could enjoy some quiet time. It's 312 sq feet, which was plenty of space. Yes, the bathroom is small, but I don't require much room. Surprisingly, in spite of others saying the dark grey paint made the rooms dim, my room was incredibly bright (I arrived at 3:00 pm). The bed is quite possibly the most comfortable hotel bed I've been in and the bedding was so soft and luxurious. I felt like I could lay in bed all day.You have to remember that this is a boutique hotel that was beautifully sprung from an old apartment building. So yes, the floors creak, and you can hear people outside your door. If your style lends itself to a traditionally upscale hotel, this may not be the place for you. If you like hip, modern, eccentric styles, Hotel Diva is perfect.Hello Pamcakes1979,Thank you for sharing your experience at Hotel Diva with Trip Advisor. We truly appreciate your kind words. I hope you had the chance to enjoy the complimentary amenities we offer: wifi, busines center, fitness center, tea lounge, Perrier lobby water service and our sake hour from 5 to 7pm. We look forward to welcoming you back at Hotel Diva.Best regards,Virgil LopezHotel Manager
Overpriced hotel for the quality they offer. The other guests were inconsiderate. The barhroom was so small it was ridiculous. The shower head had no power. It needs a professional make over, not one done by a jack of all trades person. Thank you for taking the time to share this unfortunate stay with us. We are very sorry to hear your visit was less than excellent and can assure you this is not what we strive to offer our guests. We will share these comments with our team and wish that your stay would have been more enjoyable. Thank you again for letting us know.
I was very pleased with the diva hotel. Found the staff pleasant and the room clean and comfortable. Booked trips and taxis with the concierge, there's a Starbucks one side and a mexican restaurant the other, which provides room service. It's close to the cable car stop, the tourist buses and all the big stores. Other hotels provide guests with a complementary mint on the pillow, Diva provide a temporary tattoo of the hotel logo.
The staff was great, the rooms nice looking, but unfortunately the entire hotel has a foul odor. It was also very noisy on the back of the building with garbage pick up and bottles clanging til the wee hours!Thank you for sharing your stay with us. We are sorry to hear your visit was less than excellent and we will review this with our team. We are pleased that you found our staff to be great and will praise them for the efforts. Thanks again.
I stumbled across Hotel Diva while searching for places to stay for the weekend when one our of go to hotels was booked . What a find...it will be our new go to hotel! Great all round from location, to comfort and amazing staff. Walkable to/from public transportation for those who arrive via BART or Ferry. I highly recommend staying at Hotel Diva.Wow! Thank you for taking the time to share your 5 star stay at Hotel Diva! We are delighted to hear you had a wonderful visit and we are honored to be your new go-to hotel in San Francisco! We appreciate you recommending us and hope to welcome you back again soon!
The location of the hotel is absolutely unbeatable. You'll be on Union Square within 3-5 minutes of walking distance. The front desk staff was so nice and we had nice little chats with them. The only thing I was a bit disappointed about, was the size (or lack of) of the room. We traveled with 2 big suitcases and struggled to find space for them. However if you are just staying for 2-3 nights on a city trip, this hotel is ideal and I would definitely stay again.Hi Celina93,Thank you so much for the positive review! We are glad to read that you enjoyed your stay with us. Perhaps next time we can book a larger room for you. Please let us know if we can be of any assistance in planning for your next trip to San Francisco. We look forward to seeing you soon!Warm Regards,Dana AndrewsGuest Relations
Location of hotel is nice with good price. Note: If you are booking through Expedia then you need to pay extra money at check-out time. It happens with me. Hotel could have added that amount at the expedia site itself.Dear Maddy1001, Thank you for staying at Hotel Diva. I hope you enjoyed your stay with us. We look forward to seeing you again soon. Warm regards, Virgil Lopez Hotel Manager
This hotel is conveniently located few mins away from Union square. The staff are friendly and helpful but it doesn't have any dining area. only a lobby and lift to the rooms. At the time of our visit there were redecoration work was being done but it never disturbed us. The room is clean but had a view of brick wall from the windows. Decent water pressure in bathroom. Separate sink for washing hands from the bathroom. The closet with weird cover of metal strings was annoying but OK. overall an OK place but not somewhere I would love to get back to! Oh, and parking was overpriced. We found nearby parking for much cheaper priceDear Guest, Thank you for sharing your experience with us! I am happy to hear you enjoyed both our fantastic location and staff - they really are a winning combination. On your next visit with us, you will have to try Colibri, our wonderful Mexican Bistro connected through our lobby. We do offer the valet, however if in-and-out access is not needed, there are close by options that are more cost efficient (through do not provide that access). I do hope we get to welcome you back on your next adventure to San Francisco!All the best, Tyler Layton
Hotel Diva has a fantastic central location to Union Square, everything within walking distance. The location alone made this hotel so great. The rooms were a bit small, and the bathrooms could do with a renovation, but otherwise I found our room to be quiet comfortable and clean. The hotel is a trendy and boutique, the staff were excellent and very attentive. So very helpful and always greeted you!The walls were a little thin. Could hear the people in the room next door screaming and carrying on, partying etc on one night. Im not a prude but it got quite tiring and annoying after hours of it. The whole floor complained about them, and I heard staff constantly coming up to tell them to keep it down. The staff really tried to do their best and had to tell them if they get one more complaint they'd be thrown out. They kept it up afterwards and started bashing on the walls, so we called reception and they kicked them out. Apologised to everyone on the floor for the disturbance.Id stay here again, definately. The location is GREAT!
Just an overnight before catching our flight home the next day. Our executive king room was really quite nice and was exactly the way it had been pictured on the web. The bathroom reminded me of the ones I experienced in Japan: extremely teeny. The sink was outside of the bathroom and in the bedroom. The oddest part of the room was that the 2 large windows looked right into other bedrooms in the hotel! Unfortunately, the hotel is a mess as it undergoes major renovations and expansion. Only 1 of its 2 elevators was working and the hallways were all covered in plastic due to the construction. We were fortunate to be staying on a weekend when no construction work was happening. The lobby is a joke. It was smaller than our bedroom and totally insufficient for the amount of people who were down there either checking in, checking out or just sitting/standing around! We could barely move down there. Checking out was a zoo with only 1 clerk behind the desk. The process was extremely slow, expecially when an international traveler was trying to check in early and had a lot of questions. In the meantime, I am counting the minutes that are passing as I needed to get in a cab to get to the airport! Finally, the clerk offered that if an email receipt was sufficient, that he could just take our keys and send the receipt. I would seriously think again about staying here for all the reasons noted.Thank you for sharing your stay with us. We are pleased to hear you enjoyed our rooms however I apologize for the complications with checking out. It should not take that long and we will look into better ways to assist with busy times at the desk. We appreciate you letting us know and hope to impress you on a future stay.
just the most friendly front desk staff, very helpful, held my luggage until 9pm the day I checked out. bed was comfortable, workout space was updated but small with no treadmill. room arrangement was strange (no dresser, staircase led to bathroom/mirror upstairs, so no mirror downstairs unfortunately), fridge did not work. lighting was poor in the room and bathroom. right next door to starbucks and near good shopping.Thanks for the feedback on your recent stay with us. We are pleased to hear you enjoyed our friendly and helpful staff. I apologize if you did not enjoy your room, it sounds like you may have had one of our new loft style rooms, these are unique compared to your typical hotel room but we understand this may not be for everyone. We are always willing to relocate our guests to a different room if we have something else available. We apologize about the fridge and will have our maintenance team look into this right away. We hope to impress you on a future stay. Thanks again.
Unlike some of the other reviewers, I had a rear-facing room which was nice and quiet, though someone upstairs was rather active early in the morning. The room size was good and there was even a pull-down bed in the room so you could have fitted 4 people. The bathroom was fairly average, and hot water continually leaked from the shower even when tightly off. The shower it would have to be said was pretty inadequate in that it was only a dribble when on hot. I found the reception staff helpful, and the location is very good both for BART and Muni buses, as well as shopping (for those who don't just use Amazon!). Yes, if you walk west you go into the Tenderloin but I didn't find this was a concern during daylight hours, or evening.
Very comfy hotel. Hotels.com had overbooked on St. Patrick's Day Weekend!! This was one of the few hotels I could find in my price range where I wanted to be. The front desk upgraded me to a larger suite because it was my first stay and the room was very clean and comfortable. The windows actually open, which I loved. There is a weird separate seating space with a sink by the closet, but there was also a super nice complementary light up mirror to do your makeup in. The bed was very comfy and there was an extra blanket. Would stay again if I ever go back.Dear Lisa,Im glad to hear we met your expectations during your recent stay with us. Thank you for choosing Hotel Diva. We hope to see again soon.Warm regards,Virgil LopezHotel Manager
I'm a rewards member with another hotel, but was sold on the Hotel Diva's Little Diva's kids' suite because my kids sleep better in separate beds. I drummed up anticipation of their first visit to SF by telling them about bunk beds, a Wii, a Mac and pouf chairs in their separate room next to ours.My husband reserved May 11 for our 7-night stay at the end of July. He had a message the morning of our flight from the hotel, received after 8 PM EST the evening before our 7:30 AM flight, that the hotel didn't have a room for us.He managed to reach a live person after our flight landed, and she told him that there was another room available. Upon arrival, we were told that we could 1) stay in the kids' suite in the sister hotel 3 blocks away, but only for five days, and then have to switch out (unfortunately I was too tired to ask at the time why we would have had to switch instead of the other party), or 2) we could choose another available suite. My husband didn't want the bother of switching, rooms or to our rewards hotel after hours of traveling, so we chose what later turned out to be a more expensive suite, with a shared bed for the kids. The suite was large and quiet, but no different for the kids than anywhere else.That said, we made the best of our stay in the Diva's convenienty central location. The pleasant staff was helpful in scheduling a couple of excursions and in recommending things to do, which is why I'm rating the hotel three stars. At checkout, I told Carlos that we had enjoyed the city, but would have more if not for the last-minute room change. I wouldn't choose to stay here again on our next visit merely on the strength of this experience.Dear Kovfa,I am so sorry to hear there was a mix up with your Kid Suite reservation. Please extend my apologies to your children. I hope you kids still enjoyed their trip to San Francisco. I hope you and your children will give Hotel Diva another chance on your next visit to SF. We would love to welcome you back at Hotel Diva.Best regards,Virgil Lopez Hotel Manager
Everything about the hotel was great! The location, our rooms, the staff, the rate -- it was all fabulous! :) We came for a concert and had previously booked at three other hotels but went with The Diva due to it's prime location and we couldn't have been happier.They offered a AAA rate and their junior suite was perfect for the three of us. The murphy bed was sooo much better than a foldout or rollaway would've been. I personally loved the file cabinets repurposed as a bureau and the mini fridge in the room was great for left overs as well. There were plenty of hangers in the closet, the HVAC all worked lovely without any noise and the televisions worked great as well.I've traveled the world over and stayed in all different qualities of hotels, motels, B Bs and inns and The Diva had everything we needed.Parking wasn't a problem and with unlimited in and out privileges it worked out great for us. I would definitely recommend The Diva to anyone wanting to stay in downtown San Francisco and I will absolutely stay there again the next time I am in the city by the bay.If there was one thing criticism it was that the sink in my room didn't have a stopper or anything to stop something from falling down the drain. That didn't happen, but looking at the hair caught down in there was unpleasant to look at and nasty to think about. I know it's a pain but staff should really keep that clear. Other than that it was perfect! :)
Rooms aren't huge, but definitely cosy. Was perfect for my husb and I. Staff were very attentive and polite, greeted us everytime they saw us. Housekeeping too! Very good experience, I wish I could stay longerWow! Thank you for sharing your 5 star Diva experience with us! We are delighted to hear you had a wonderful stay with us. We will recognize the staff for taking great care of you. We hope to see you again soon!
The dcor is simplistic modern. The room is just the right size and comes well equipped with the essentials, including a great set of shampoo, conditioning, and body lotion brands. The location is convenient to all major union square shopping and restaurants. We had a great stay!Wow! Thank you for sharing your 5 star Diva experience with us! We are delighted to hear you had a wonderful stay! We appreciate your feedback and hope to see you again soon.
Amazing stay at an amazing hotel in a fantastic city.It was a fabulous experience in a great location. Staff couldn't have been more professional and kind. I had an extended stay and coffees at the Starbucks in the neighboring building, and close distance to Union Square made my stay all the better.Highly recommend the stay. Oh and met some great international travelers while at the hotel.Book the Diva - you will want to come back for more!Hello Ivana K,Thank you for giving Hotel Diva a five star review on Trip Advisor. We all appreciate your kind comments. I'm glad to hear you had the chance to meet some of our other guests. I hope you had a memorable stay and that you would think of us again on your next visit to San Francisco.We look forward to seeing you soon!Best regards,Virgil LopezHotel Manager
- Excellent location- Comfortable, supportive, king sized bed- storage space for luggage- free access to in-room safe- reasonable bathroom amenities - good sized writing desk for planning your day- helpful staff (didn't call on their help much though)- slightly noisy with ventilation ducting and noise from the corridors but acceptable still- refurbishment work not a problem (carpet laying still when we arrived)- near Union Square so some noise associated with proximity. Not too bad. Not a large room that we stayed in but we merely slept here. It puzzles me as to why people expect a tennis court sized room....are they coming to sleep and visit the city or stay inside the whole tripWe would recommend this hotel.
My husband and I stayed on NYE and the best part was finding this hotel. SF hotels can be very expensive, this property was amazing the service, decor, amenities and best of all location was over the top. After I made my reservation I used the web talk concierge on their brands site (they have a whole collection in SF) and the online person helped me upgrade my reservation with a celebration package for just 30. We will be back and will definitely stay at one of their hotels.Dear Mcmorrison,Thank you for making Hotel Diva a part of your New Year's Eve celebration. I hope you and your husband had a wonderful time with us. We look forward to seeing you again soon!Best regards,Virgil LopezHotel Manager
The staff was extremely friendly and helpful from before check in to checking out. Will return to the Diva again for another get away. Location isnt far from the cable cars and great food. The front desk was offering free champagne during the evenings which was a huge plus Wow! Thank you for taking the time to share your 5 star experience at Hotel Diva! We are pleased to hear you received excellent service from our team and we will praise them for a job well done. We are also happy you enjoyed our evening bubbly and look forward to welcome you back in the future.
I'm from L.A. and every year I teach here in S.F.and I'm put up in another place (can't remember the name) - This year I was put up at the Diva and I loved it. A very old building with a very new flair.Very Mercer-New York like. Modern. Everything was new, comfortable, worked. Granted there's no view, but why do you need a view when you're in San Francisco Go walk!Convenient to everything. Especially the lively Union Square. Great restaurants, the nightlife. Are you kidding For these prices You have to be nuts to stay anywhere else. I'm shocked that this is ranked (as of this writing) 47.The hotel front desk was very friendly and I even bought a DIVA T-Shirt (okay, okay, so it says SEXY on the back)Try it out. It's a hundred plus bucks in San Francisco! I saw these prices for Labor Day and am trying to talk my wife to going back. (She wants to go to Palm Springs. Ugh!)
Hotel Diva is a nice hotel, decorated nice, friendly staff, however our only complaint is that the bathrooms our to small. The toilet, the sink, and tub are in the tightest space probably possible without having to combine them. Only one person is able to be in there at a time. On the positive side it is in walking distance to union square as well as shopping mall on Market street.
Overall, a very nice day. I was there on business and needed to be closed to the s s Center. The hotel was under a little bit of construction which was alarming at first but after day two I was very used to it and was not bothered at all. The staff is extremely friendly.Thank you for the kind comments on your recent stay with us. We are pleased to hear our upgrades taking place did not bother you during your visit. We also love to hear our staff are extremely friendly as this is what we strive to offer all of our guests. We hope to have you back again soon.
This hotle was in a convenient part of the city, with lots of restaurants and shopping nearby. The room was large and had a very comfortable bed and was decorated in a very modern chic style. The tiletries were great and the hotel staff very friendly and professional. The price was also very good for the area when compared to others nearby. I would stay again.
After a long and arduous ten hour flight, followed by a crazy and dangerous shuttle drive ride down the San Francisco streets, we were met with a cordial, welcome from the young concierge at Hotel Diva who effortlessly sorted out the dispute with the aggressive driver. This was mirrored by the Receptionist who was charming and efficient. Our room was fairly small but well proportioned with all the required amenities. The hotel was in an excellent location in the centre of Union Square. There are many restaurants within walking distance, but I would recommend you book beforehand to avoid disappointment. There is a diner across the street which serves an excellent breakfast at a reasonable price! I would definately stay here again and will be recommending it to my British travel company, Hayes and Jarvis.
Great choice for a fun girls trip to the City. Located near everything...nice room, great staff...(Matthew was awesome!).The price was really good too. Will definitely find a reason to stay here again.Wow! Thank you for being our guest and sharing your fabulous Hotel Diva experience! We strive for every guest to have a 5 star stay and are pleased you had a great girls trip and were well taken care of by our team. We will praise Matthew for making your visit memorable. We hope to welcome you back again soon.
We found Hotel Diva after searching in the Downtown/Union Square area for a place to stay while visiting our Son and Daughter for the Holidays. We are familiar with this area and kept whittling down the options until we couldn't find a better place. The photos on their website made the rooms look smaller than they actually are. They are designed well and the beds are very comfy. The bath fixtures are pretty cool and the sink is the deepest we've seen in any hotel. The hotel is two blocks from Powell St which is where you can catch the Cable Car to Chinatown and Fisherman's Wharf. Union Square is full of shopping and eating opportunities. A few blocks over and you have Market Street and more shopping. The Ferry Building is withing walking distance as is SOMA, the Financial District and Chinatown. The hotel staff were all very considerate and friendly. The Fitness Center was the best equipped in the 20 hotels I stayed in this year. The Mexican Restaurant next door had killer Margaritas and Starbucks on the other side was convenient. There were only two things we would suggest - 1) have both elevators working and 2) it would have been nice to have the sink in the bathroom. Not big problems and having one elevator gave us the opportunity to use the stairs. After walking in SF, six flights of stairs ain't nothin'! You will like this place !Dear Menasha,Thank you so much for taking the time to share your Hotel Diva experience with other travelers. We are glad to hear it was a great stay! We'll be sure to tell Colibri how much you enjoyed their margaritas. We hope to see you on your next trip to San Francisco!Megan BrandtGuest Relations
Great hotel close to Union Square, rooms were small but as you only sleep there they are great, good choice of places to eat all within walking distance and Starbuck's joined the hotel. All staff were friendly and keen to answer any question you may have. Would return to Diva when next in San Francisco.
I did not have any issues while staying at this hotel. The location was very close to the Union Square where I was able to hop onto our tour bus and also had great shopping and food options that were close. The front desk was very helpful with their tips on where to go and what to do around the city.Wow! Thanks for the great feedback on your recent stay at Hotel Diva! It sounds like you had an awesome San Francisco visit and we are pleased you enjoyed our central location and helpful staff. We really appreciate your review and hope to welcome you back next time you are visiting our city. Thanks again.
The Diva combines great interior design with a relaxed atmosphere. Attentive staff made us feel at home and took care of our practical headaches. The central location makes the unique views, the worldclass shopping and the renowned cultural hotspots equally accessible. Fantastic, although painful for the wallet, the shopping that is, because the hotel itself offers difficult to match value for money.
Don't be fooled by the name in believing this is an extradordinary hotel with diva personality. While it is clean, comfortable for the price and in a generally central location downtown making it a good location, Hotel Diva did not deliver. The lobby is fine, hot tea or sake sitting out for guests, good reception service and an inviting blue lit elevator. Then the room reality sets in. We had a double room with two separate sleeping areas. However, there was no seating area for the 2 of us to sit and visit without sitting on each other's beds. The first room was comfortable and the soft throw a nice touch, however the second room with the murphy bed was pretty tight. You couldn't have the door open to the closet and stand at the bathroom sink, or walk around the bed easily to sit on the metal chairs placed at the side. It was pretty bare bones and not the decadent diva personality we anticipated. Where was the hot pink decor or over the top opulence The grey paint had many black marks and grey can be depressing if not in prime condition. The steel decor elements helped but did not convey the sleek and sophisticated feel of a plush hotel room. Sadly disappointing. And while the condom placed in the safe indicating safe sex was cute, we almost missed it as the safe was in the dark closet and impossible to view. Who can see in the dark! While the price point for a hotel near Union Square drew us in we unfortunately won't book again as it failed to live up to the hotel name. As an event planner I believe it's about the details and so much more could have been done to make this hotel truly stand out. Thanks to the staff for their personable service but otherwise the personality was missing.
The hotel is conveniently located a few blocks from Union Square and we like that the room has decent size as well. One thing to note, they charge 'mandatory' fee of 15/night and the reception told us that it covers Internet, concierge and others. Felt a bit disappointed that it is not included in the reservation fee and that it is 'mandatory'. The worst thing in our opinion of the hotel is the scent. The lift smells and hope that the management can do something about it. Other than the things we dislike above, the room has pretty good amenities and I personally love the shower gel they provided. However, the bathroom gets flooded very easily by the water that comes out from the shower head which easily spray beyond the tub. We think it's a pretty good hotel overall but will not come back unless the scents can be improved.Thank you for taking the time to share this feedback with us. We value all guest comments as it allows up the opportunity to improve. We will review this with our team and hope to have the chance to impress you on a future visit. Thanks again.
Stayed at Hotel Diva for 3 nights June 2014 from the time we walked in I was pleased. The hotel staff are super friendly-nice people so willing to help with whatever is needed! We had a junior suite room for a group of 4 and it was really spacious the beds were really comfortable. The only thing was the bathroom was really small and thats ok but it did not have a vent it was really hard to change inside the small bathroom after taking a shower. The hotel has fun lounges loved the Perrier one so chic! It has a nice gym, staircase that you can step out on in every floor and enjoy the SF views. Loved that they had a Starbucks right next door so convinient, lots of restaurants nearby and union square just 2 blocks down. A great experience at this hotel loved it!Hi lissethg103,Thank you so much for taking the time to write such a nice review and share it with other travelers. It's so helpful for us to know what made your experience so special. Please let us know if we can be of any assistance in planning for your next trip to San Francisco. We look forward to seeing you soon!Best Regards,Dana AndrewsGuest Relations
We stayed at the Hotel Diva in April 2011. Huge room, great location, great rate. Not a lot of hotel amenities -- but really, we spent tonnes of time wandering the city -- so it was fine. The staff were great.
The Diva is in a great location close to the heart of San Francisco with easy access to Fishermans habour. The staff were friendly and accommodating. Easily accessed via public transport, bus and BART to and from the airport and tram or easy walk to Fishermans Habour. The room was small but as we were only in San Francisco for 2 nights it worked nicely for us. If you were planning on staying longer and needed more space I would contact the Diva directly and discuss options as they have larger rooms. Really enjoyed our stayThank you for being our guest and sharing your recent stay! We are pleased to hear you loved our central location for exploring the city and were well taken care of by our friendly staff. Your feedback means a lot to us and we hope to welcome you back again soon!
I booked this place last minute in order to attend the SF Pride. Arrived in the evening, checkin was flawless, the front desk guy very personable friendly. I was upgraded to a king suite which was nice. The room itself was clean, modern, looked exactly like the pictures on the website. On my floor (7th) there was a lounge- that I never saw occupied, but had a couch amenities of which a group of people could entertain. One main note- the hotel was relatively quiet! Considering it was a busy weekend and I saw a number of people coming going.There's a Walgreens with a grocery store next door within walking distance. The BART is only about a 10 minutes walk away- as is the case with shopping and the heart of SF. Numerous eateries abound the area. There's a Blues bar night club a couple minutes from the hotel, but didn't have time to explore. I felt safe walking around here during the day and at night while coming back from the BART. I would stay here again if I go back to SF. Oh, there's also a few art galleries down the street that I would have loved to have visited, but we're closed. Also a theater across the street. Loved it!!Hi Dee T.Thank you for making Hotel Diva a part of your LGBT Pride celebration. I hope you had a wonderful time with the many festivities going on in town. We look forward to welcoming you back at Hotel Diva.Best regards,Virgil LopezHotel Manager
We had great interaction with all staff members. The current state of construction was a little irritating. Only one elevator working, and long lines for it. Internet went our for an entire day, fire alarm went off multiple times during one day, and the outside noise was horrible! I would not recommend a street facing room. Our toilet didn't like to flush properly and the shower looked renovated but somewhat unfinished. There was a service charge per day that included internet, a bottle of water and a cosmo shot in the lobby in the evening. While this is nice, you do NOT have the option, this charge is required on top of your room rate. I did not appreciate this surprise upon arrival! Its a work in progress, hopefully this will be super cute chic soon and the additional charge will be reconsidered!Thank you for taking the time to review us. We are pleased to hear you enjoyed our friendly staff members. I apologize however if you were inconvenienced by the upgrades taking place and were unhappy with the daily facility fee. I will share this feedback with our team to help us in the future. We hope to have the chance to impress you on your next stay in San Francisco.
wait until is remodeled completely, right now under construction. A little uncomfortable because the noise and dust. Other than that I highly recomend it: location, cleanliness, service and prices. The beds are incredibly comfortableThank you for taking the time to share your stay with us, we are honored your chose our hotel for your special occasion. We are pleased to hear you found our beds super comfy and enjoyed our service and location. We greatly appreciate you recommending us to future travelers. We look forward to seeing you and your family next time.
I stayed here while in town for Dreamforce 2013. The location as great and couldn't be beat, it was close to Union Square and the street cars going to the Wharf. Sometimes there were a pan handlers outside the front door, but I noticed that was going on at most of the hotels so I am not sure that could be avoided by going elsewhere. The rooms were decent. Small, but everything you needed in a room. Unfortunately, I did not discover the fridge was in the desk until the day I was checking out. The fitness rooms is crowded if there are more than two people in it. I would stay here again.Dear AZHarris,Thank you for staying at Hotel Diva. I hope you enjoyed your stay with us. Although San Francisco has its share of panhandlers, I hope this will not deter you from returning to our beautiful city.We look forward to welcoming back at Hotel Diva.Best regards,Virgil LopezHotel Manager
In many ways, this hotel is what you would expect from a remodeled urban hotel. Great location, strange room layouts, modern dcor. The room was very clean, and furnished nicely (just not as nicely as the room featured on the website). There were a few issues with my room, some which can be easily remedied, some that can not. First, the shower was poorly designed so whenever it is on water will splash on the floor. The guest across the hall from me requested a shower curtain. There are no built-in shower caddies for soap and shampoo but I found plastic ones with suction cups on the floor of the shower. I thought they had been left there, perhaps to dry after being sanitized. Several times I attempted to stick them on the wall of the shower, but every time they would fall, startling me. The deadbolt on my room door did not lock properly. Every evening the noise from the Mexican restaurant downstairs was very disruptive. It sounded almost like my bed was in the middle of the dining room. I can tune-out almost any noise, but my wife, who is a light sleeper, would've had a hard time getting to sleep. Bottom line, not worth the price.Thank you for taking the time to share this unfortunate experience with us. We are very sorry you did not enjoy your stay. I am not sure if you already reported these issues in regards to your deadbolt and shower caddie but if you have not, do you mind emailing me directly so I can retain your room number and get these items fixed We greatly appreciate you sharing this feedback with us as it allows us the opportunity to improve in the future. Thank you again. Tlaytonhoteldivaunionsquare.com
Mandatory 20 a night charge for 'Services', charged to all visitors regardless of whether they're used. Poor wifi quality so unable to use which may have helped me reconcile to the mandatory charge but actually made me more resentful to it. One helpful member of staff on reception - the others tried but just weren't able - everything seems to require the manager who generally doesn't arrive to work until late and non one wants to spend their holiday waiting. Thank you for being our guest and sharing your stay. I am sorry to hear you were unaware of our daily facility fee. We do have this listed on all booking sites and our own website to help communicate this upfront before making your reservation. I apologize if you had trouble with the WiFi, I will certainly have my team look into this right away. We strive for excellent service and I am sorry to hear that this was not consistent with all your interactions with our team. We will review this with our staff and we hope to have the chance to impress you on a future stay.
We stayed at the Hotel Diva for 4 nights in early-mid October and it met nearly all of our expectations, and exceeded plenty.The service was the standout - all the staff we dealt with were professional, but also friendly and sometimes jovial - they seemed to enjoy working there which is always a good sign. The location is great - whilst not ON Union Square it is close enough to walk to the main shopping areas as well as public transport systems like the Muni and BART. It's always one of the main things we look for in a hotel and Diva definitely ticked that box for us.The only thing we were a bit surprised about was the size of the rooms - they are quite small, although we only booked their cheapest so this may not be the same in the pricier rooms. We had been warned though that all hotel rooms in San Fran are tiny so we got over it and utilised the quite reasonable amount of storage space and it was fine. Also took a bit of getting used to having the basin and vanity outside of the bathroom! I guess a creative way to use the space. The decor of the room as with the hotel is modern and trendy which we liked.As for the price we thought it was quite good value for money, despite our 4th night being much more expensive - being a Saturday night and also over Fleet week and with the President's Cup golf on this was understandable.We are travellers that love variety so usually try out different hotels, but the next time we are in San Fran we will strongly consider staying at Diva again.
We booked 1 nite expressly to see the Musical showing directly across the street from the Diva. What a wonderful surprise to find the Diva exceeded our expectations. Fantastic Staff was always sincere in making our stay very comfortable. Extremely informative staff, especially Christian (Concierge) who was tremendously helpful. The King bed very comfortable and pillows were down filled, which provided a great nights sleep. (we did have an inside room) We are already recommending this hotel to our friends. Thank you again Diva staff for a wonderful stay.Dear Autumn A,Thank you for staying at Hotel Diva. I'm glad you had wonderful time while staying with us. I hope you had the chance to enjoy the complimentary amenities we offer: WIFI, business center, fitness center, tea lounge, perrier water service and sake hour in the lobby. On behalf of the entire Hotel Diva team, thank you for sharing your kind comments with Trip Addvisor. We look forward to seeing you again soon!Best regards,Virgil LopezHotel Manager
Moved from literally a roach motel two doors down to find this gem! It was like finding gold! Beautifully chic room with a great location- what more can you ask for Clean You bet (and I'm a clean freak)! Easy to get anywhere from here (Union Square steps away) and staff was professional and responsive.The night we were there they were working on a production at the theater across the street- there was a lot of hub bub and noise but it didn't last and it wasn't awful. Can' say enough good things.Hi Mary Ellen,Thank you so much for taking the time to write such a nice review to share with other travelers! We are happy to know that you enjoyed your stay so much. Please let us know if we can be of any assistance in planning for your next trip to San Francisco. We look forward to seeing you soon!Best RegardsDana AndrewsGuest Relations
We stayed at Hotel Diva for three nights on our first trip to San Fransico. When we were headed to our room in the elevator a guest made a comment that the rooms were small so we were expecting that when we opened the door, but were pleasantly suprised. The room we had was quite a reasonable size with king bed, small dining table and office desk as well as enough space to have our two large suitcases open on the floor. The bathroom was however one of the smallest I have seen although fine for a few nights stay. The rooms felt clean and the bed was comfortable. Decor felt a little dull due to all the silver and grey, not a lot of colour. Located only a short walk, 2 blocks to Union Square. First time visitors I would recommend this hotel for your holiday, and would certainly consider returning here. Staff were knowledgable and helpful.Dear KJWAust,Thank you for your feedback. I am glad to hear your enjoyed your stay in our hotel as well as in San Francisco. We can't wait to see you again in the future. Sue LaoGuest Services Manager
Super modern hotel, nothing too fancy, but really, really nice. Small reception area. They hold your bags for you. Nice people at the front desk. Not sure how, but we had a really nice and big room. Good location too. Clean.Wow! Thank you for sharing your 5 star stay at Hotel Diva SF! We are pleased to hear you loved our friendly staff, location and rooms. We appreciate your feedback and hope to see you next time you are visiting our city.
We booked the Family Studio King which comes with a Queen-size Murphy bed that was perfect for our 3,5 year old. The room was clean and stylish and far nicer than we had expected for a family room, since they tend to be shabbier than others. The location cannot be beat and we'll stay here again the next time we visit San Francisco. Hotel Diva was welcoming and we have absolutely nothing negative to say about it!
I needed a hotel for a last minute business trip during the MWCA convention. I used HotelTonight to reserve this and paid 480/ night as that was actually decent during this peak week and lack of notice. Some of the reviews on here made me concerned, and after my stay prompted me to make an account so I could leave a review. Overall, a very decent place. Room was clean, bed was comfortable, and bathroom very nice. The toilet and shower are in the bathroom, the sink was outside in the room. I saw some reviews complaining about this, however was no big deal at all to me. Shower seemed newer than the rest of the room. There's a Starbucks connected to the hotel which is very convenient for picking up a team coffee order before heading to Moscone. I also dropped off my laundry in the morning my first full day and received it back in my room that evening after returning from a busy day. They also have a 24 hour gym which has an elliptical, free weights and some equipment. Gym was clean and overall equipment new. Would stay here again! Thank you for the great comments on your recent stay with us! We are pleased to hear you were surprised by your pleasant experience with us and enjoyed our central location and amenities. We hope to welcome you back next time you are in SF.
I had a very pleasant 2 night stay at the diva- if given the choice I would give it 3.5 as I think it was better than average. I chose the hotel for its close location to union square and it's value price compared to a lot of other hotels in the area. Whether this hotel is for you really depends on what you want..I stayed one night in the Hilton parc 55 which had a lot more amenities and the 'posh ' vibe and then moved to the cheaper hotel diva as I couldn't afford 3 nights in the Hilton. I actually prefered the diva because of its great location and found the service in the diva a lot better than the Hilton. The diva bed was also more comfy than the Hilton and overall I felt the diva was much better value. If you are looking for value and a good location then this hotel is for you, if you want a grand hotel with a lot of amenities with a view to spending a lot of time in the hotel itself, then the Hilton would be more up your street. Thank you for sharing your recent stay with us. We are pleased to hear you were surprised by your stay at Hotel Diva. We strive to offer a 5 star experience to every guest and hope to welcome you back and impress you in the future. Thank you again and happy holidays.
From the wonderful greeting of the front desk staff to the comfortable bed in my quiet room, I loved every second of my stay! I was surprised coz I did not expect the room to be spacious enough! The hotel is walking distance to lots of restaurants, shopping, entertainment and the train station! And how wonderful it is that Union Square is just a block away!Wow! Thank you for taking the time to share this fabulous stay with us! We are thrilled to hear you loved our friendly staff, central location and comfy beds! Your feedback means a lot to us and we hope to welcome you back in the near future. Thanks again.
We only stayed for 3 nights and wanted to pack in a lot of activities. With Hotel Diva being so close to union square we could walk less than 10 mins to get to where we wanted whether it be for shopping or dining. It's also only a 10 min walk to the BART train which was very convenient.Wow! Thank you for taking the time to share your 5 star Diva experience with us! We are delighted to hear you loved our location. We hope to have the pleasure of seeing you again soon. All the best.
We had the King Junior suite for 3 people. This included one King bed and one queen bed that pulled down from the wall. This was a great set-up for us for the weekend. Plenty of room with the queen bed put away. Beds were very comfortable and the room was pretty quiet. The bathroom is VERY small for 3 to share, but fortunately the sink is in the room so that two can be getting ready at the same time. We were there for Labor Day weekend and never saw or heard any protesters down the street. Very easy to walk to catch a bus or BART. Or less than 5 minute walk to Union Square shopping and restaurants everywhere. Swanky bar at the Clift is across the street and a couple of blues and night clubs around the corner.We had an issue at check-out where they charged us more than the reservation showed (happy I printed it out). The desk clerk took care of it right away. They also allowed us to keep our bags at the concierge while we ran around before our flight.Dear bbjj109,Thank you for sharing your experience at Hotel Diva with Trip Advisor. I'm glad you enjoyed your stay with us. I hope you had the chance to enjoy the many complimentary amenities we offer our guests: lobby sake hour from 5 to pm, complimentary Perrier through out the whole day , fitness center, WIFI, business center and our tea lounge on the seventh floor.We hope to see you on your next visit to SF!Best regards,Virgil LopezHotel Manager
When seen from the outside we were a little doubtful of a pleasurable stay. But once inside our views were transformed. The hotel is very modern with silver/stainless steel just about everywhere. It's also true what they say about the beds, the most comfortable we have every slept in. The staff were very friendly and check in/out was quick and efficient. The only fault was the delay in returning of vehicles from the Valet service but use this as an opportunity to grab a coffee and muffin from the Star Bucks just off the foyer. The hotel is in an excellent location and would hesitate to stay again on return trips to San Francisco.
Don't. do. it. This place is pretty crummy, really loud, all the walls are dark gray, the hallways are built for midgets, the floors slope, the furniture is too crudy even for Ikea - no chairs except these metal things that are not comfortable, the lights are about 20watts, the bathroom walls are those sheets of plastic made to look like tile....there is a Starbucks downstairs - yay - but does not make up for Uncle Fester, Lurch and Morticia who obviously were consulted on the decor and layout. Oh and to add insult to injury - they charge you 19 a day for .... not sure internetDear Tammy T,Im so sorry to hear your stay with us was not as pleasant as you would have expected. Please accept my sincere apology. I hope you will give Hotel Diva another chance on your next visit to SF. We hope to see you soon.Warm regards,Virgil LopezHotel Manager
We stayed 4 nights at this boutique hotel. At first, we were quite disappointed about the rooms, being quite small and having a very tiny bathroom but it does the job. Though small, the setting was nice and the overall ambiance in the hotel is great. Unfortunately they didn't have rooms available with the two seperate beds, as they looked nicer. They have a very nice fitness, and a good business room. They have a small lounge on every floor nicely decorated. You cannot have breakfast at this hotel but starbucks is next to the hotel, and otherwise you could check the block for a nice restaurant such as the Brasserie.Bad point was the Valet service which was not very quick though, and our car seemed to have a few scratches when we got it back from them. Luckily the rental company didn't notice. Washing service is quite expensive as well.Overall quite a good stay!Dear Maxvdo,Thank you for staying at Hotel Diva. We do offer various types of accommodations, all ranging in size. Perhaps an Executive King on your next visit would be more suitable to you r needs. I have been working closely with the valet company to further improve their services. Please accept my sincere apology for the inconvenience. I hope you will think of us again on your next visit to San Francisco. We look forward to welcoming you back at Hotel Diva.Best regards,Virgil LopezHotel Manager
The title may have said it all...It was a nicely decorated room and very comfortable. The cleaning staff was very conscious of when I would leave and come clean the room. They are very pet friendly there and you can't tell a pet has ever stayed in there it is so clean. The desk staff, concierge and valet parking are all efficient, knowledgeable and friendly. I have stayed at two other hotels in this group: Kensington Park and Hotlel Union Square and they are all good experiences but this is the first time I have traveled since I have my dog and I was so pleased...
Everything was in average with the price.Just I have to change to another hotel nearby since the room is overbooked.But then the hotel prepared chocolate and wine for apologise.I appreciate that but I would much more appreciate if the staff could tell ma at once when I store the luggage but not at the second time when i check-in. Dear Cherry830,Im so sorry to hear your stay with us was not as pleasant as you would have expected. Please accept my sincere apology. I hope you will give Hotel Diva another chance and give us the opportunity to change your impression on us. We would love to welcome you back at Hotel Diva.Warm regards,Virgil LopezHotel Manager
This hotel has tiny rooms and gross bathrooms. 5 days after staying there and I am sick as a dog. I cant help but feel I may have gotten diva'd. Do not stay here unless you are desperate. I have stayed in over 20 hotels in SF and this is by far the worst. Very close to a hooker hotel.Thank you for the feedback on your stay. We apologize your visit was less than excellent. We wish your stay would have been more enjoyable. Thanks again.
The bathroom was disgusting it was not cleaned, hair in the bathtub, cracked base, dirt, dust. Hotel is under renovation, the smell in the hallway is horrible. The noise was unbearable. The location is good, you can use this hotel to store your luggage...: nothing elseThank you for taking the time to review us. I am very sorry your stay was less than excellent. We take cleanliness very seriously and I will report this feedback to our team to help us improve. Thanks again.
Firstly, the staff were great, no issues there. Extremely friendly and attentive.My primary concerns had to do with the room appointments. I felt like the hotel had undergone a fairly recent conversion but more work towards soundproofing and modernization is in order. I stayed in a Junior Suite and I'm 6'1 and I felt like a giant in this room.The bathroom was very, very small. There were no vents or fans in the bathroom so moisture buildup was a definite issue. The room furniture while stylish was very low to the floor and not so functional or comfortable if you are taller.I slept in the murphy bed and I felt like it would have really benefitted from a good pillow-top pad addition, it was quite uncomfortable. The floors were very creaky and we could hear our adjoining neighbor's conversations quite clearly in the room.Also, there is a small inside courtyard but it's not accessible to any of the guests and rooms on this side are probably quieter but they are darker.Many of the guests (my party included) noticed that the elevators didn't indicate whether they were going up or down until you were in the elevator having selected the floors and it resulted in some unexpected travels. Valet parking is pricey at 40/night and they recommend calling about 30 mins before you need to leave and I'd heed that advice.At this hotel's price point, my expectations start to rise and while this hotel is an ok value for San Francisco, I think a little tweak here and there would go a long way in making this a solid mid-range hotel in Downtown SF.Dear Lightning79,Thank you for sharing your comments on Trip Advisor. We most certainly appreciate your feedback. Please be assured that we will look into the points you have mentioned on your review.We look forward to welcoming you back at Hotel Diva.Best regards,Virgil LopezHotel Manager
I can't sleep comfortably in a hotel if I don't feel my room is clean. The lobby, room, fitness center, and all the surroundings, were immaculate. All the staff was pleasant, there when you needed them. Called for additional items twice and there were knocks on my door within minutes. Affordable rates, great bang for your buck. Also centrally located, within walking distance to everything.
Hotel Diva tries to position itself as trendy and chic. In reality, it is way over-priced and of very poor quality: small, very noisy rooms cheap, broken furniture terrible TV reception erratic water temperature in the shower. Only positives were good check in and check out.I stayed in room 620, facing Geary Street, on 6th of 7 floors. The traffic noise was absolutely horrendous and deafening. Also, there was a door to an adjoining room that looked of normal thickness but must be hollow as I could hear every word that the people in the next room said or watched on TV. Also, whenever the HVAC unit came on I had to adjust the TV volume, probably more due to the smallness of the room than anything else. I knew I was in trouble when I saw that the hotel provides you with ear plugs along with your shampoo, etc. You will not be able to sleep without the ear plugs.The bathroom is slightly bigger than a closet, with no room or shelves to put your stuff. I took a shower at 5am and the water temperature constantly fluctuated between hot and cold.The furniture is uncomfortable and cheap- the chair for the desk was broken and is not suitable for working.The TV reception is awful - very grainy and only analog. No digital. You do get free wi-fi. Wow.Stay away from this place. I went there via the secret hotel option on Travelocity - the hotel calls itself 3 1/2 stars. It's far from that.Dear Patrick H,Thank you for sharing your comments with Trip Advisor. Please accept my sincere apology for the inconvenience you experienced during your recent stay with us. I always encourage my guests to communicate to myself and my staff any concerns they may have during their stay. This way, we are able to accommodate our guests the best way possible and that they will have a pleasant stay with us. I most certainly hope you will give Hotel Diva another chance and give us the opportunity to change your impression on us. Pleasse contact me directly for future reservations so we can very well accommodate you.Best regards,Virgil LopezHotel Diva
HOMEPageExecutive room71kingBedExecutiveRoomDiffinatelly I will not stay this hotel in the future.The reservation is not reservation.even though I booked executive 1 king bed room ,there wasnt the room.and was said only we offered 2 room.if I havent made a reservation, It is ok.but i booked from their own website.it was horrible customer service.I never never stay this kind of hotel.Thank you for taking the time to review us. We are very sorry to hear you were unsatisfied with your experience. We greatly value your feedback and will review these comments with our team to help us improve. We wish you stay would have been more enjoyable. Thank you again for letting us know.
I love staying at Hotel Diva when I am in town. You are literally blocks away from touristy Time Square, but can also explore other neighborhoods of SF on your own 2 feet! The staff is very helpful and the rooms have modern decor and are a very decent size for the price. I am from SF and would have clients stay here, also. All have had rave reviews of their stay.
Had a wonderful deluxe king on the 7th floor (room 709) in the back of the building so it was nice and quiet. (Remember that in downtown SF, any room in any hotel that faces the street will be loud and noisy due to the noise on the street--no hotel can guard against this.) The room decor was nice and modern with a dash of whimsy. Plenty of hangers in the closet plus a small safe for my iPad and other valuables. Fabulous slanted bar glasses in the room--I want to find them for my home. The bathroom was huge with a private WC. I loved the PURE bathroom amenities--will also need to shop for these for my home. Staff was very friendly. They are doing some remodeling but it never bothered me. It is targeted to be done in September 2016. Great location near Union Square and BART/MUNI stops. Starbucks is right next door as is a good upper-scale Mexican restaurant with a great bar.WOW! Thank you for sharing your 5 star Diva experience with us! We are delighted to hear you found our rooms wonderful, staff friendly and location great! We really appreciate you taking the time to review us and look forward to seeing you again in the future!
The positives:Nice size room w desk, table, coffee maker, mini-fridge, and safe. Good location near Union Square. Lots of retail, restaurants, and activities in walking distance. Negatives:Unable to make room dark due to crummy shards. Annoying chain curtain on closet. Tiny bathroom. Took 20 minutes to get checked in while desk clerk sent some poor couple to another hotel because they were overbooked. (This, at midnight.) No room service. Stay here only if price is right and location works. And keep expectations low. Thank you for the feedback on your recent visit. We are pleased to hear you enjoyed our location and spacious rooms. I apologize if you had some trouble with the curtain chains and will have my team look into this right away. We appreciate your review and hope to impress you on a future stay.
Great location, room very clean, bathroom small but the room was huge with a full size pull down double for our son and a king for us, plus room for a coffee table with 3 chairs. Nicely decorated. Friendly staff especially concierge who is a real character but really helpful and friendly. We got a room on the 7th floor opening out onto a central tiny courtyard/well so no view but no street noise either which was very nice. No more homeless people outside than anywhere else so no problem there. Easy walk from Union square 2 blocks and a manageable walk from BART on Montgomery even with cases, we left our car with friends in Berkely to avoid the cost of parking. Caught the street car to FIshermans Wharf but got a taxi back to the hotel which was only 11 and well worth it as it got very cold and we were really tired by then. Starbucks in the lobby and a great takeaway Thai noodle bar 2 shops away. Would definitely stay again.
Stayed two nights in a room with two doubles - with our two children. It was noisy outside but we expected that as I've been to San Fran many times. Room was clean and modern which I liked. Location was great - only 2 blocks to catch the cable car and really close to all the shopping.We did have a few problems 1.) Toilet was leaking water from the back side - so there was a small puddle of water always 2.) Hotel ran out of washcloths our second night (can you believe that!) 3.) No hot water 2nd night and the next morning - had to leave early with no shower. 4.) One of the two elevators was not working and the only working one always went to the basement first no matter which button you pushed. Upon checkout the desk agent gave us a small (46 dollars to be exact) discount on our room for our inconvenience. I would have liked more of a discount, but was too annoyed to ask for it. I know it's an old building and things happen, but to run out of washcloths too.... was not good. I have never heard of that happening.I don't know if I'll stay here again. I might try one of their other properties.Dear Malia J,I am so sorry for the inconvenience you experienced during your recent stay with us. We had a number of unforseen challenges the previous week and I most certainly feel your frustration. I was frustrated myself knowing that my guests will be inconvenienced. My staff and I have acted on the situations with urgency. It is unfortunate that when equipment fails, it takes more time to fix them to ensure safety.I most certainly hope you will give Hotel Diva another chance. It is our goal here at Hotel Diva to give our guests the best service possible. I am hoping you will give us the opportunity to prove to you how good we are.Best regards,Virgil LopezHotel Manager
We usually stay here every trip to Ojai, because of the Hippy Cali vibe, but this last trip was a disaster. We drove up Sunday night to celebrate my birthday on Monday and we advised the hotel we would be checking in later around 10PM. The front desk staffer called us at 9:21PM to see when we would arrive. Told... More
January 2016--- The Ocotillo Lodge is a fantastic complex of mid-century modern vacation condos, designed by famed PS architects Palmer Krisel, that are approximately 500-600 square-feet in size, with Large outdoor patios and are individually owned. In its heyday, the dazzling structure's sweeping curved dining room was dressed to the nines, resting above the immense keyhole-shaped swimming pool while... More
We stayed at Hotel Zephyr with our two kids ages 8 and 12 back in February. We loved all this hotel has to offer, both in location and fun amenities. We loved the dart board in our hotel room and have looked everywhere for one like it for our own home. The game room, patio and all the fun places to sit and relax are fantastic. They didn't seem to have any board games etc...but there was plenty to do with shuffle board, ping pong etc. We hope to come back again in a year or two. Thanks Hotel Zephyr!!Greetings jam0nes,You are most welcome. Thank you for sharing your amazing memories of your stay at Hotel Zephyr. We have added several new games to the game room since February, come back and see us again...hopefully sooner than a year or two.
Stayed at the Hotel Zephyr for two nights. Whilst the hotel was going through a refurbishment and the lobby was very cramped and proved too small at times when large parties of guests arrived.... the rooms themselves were well equipped - had been refurbished to a good standard - on a nautical theme and generally were very comfortable. The staff were very attentive and provided a good level of customer care. Whilst the restaurant was undergoing refurbishment it really didn't matter as there was a good I-Hop next door for breakfast and within a couple of minutes walk you are right on Fishersmans Wharf which have some spectacular restaurants and attractions to visit. The location couldn't be faulted and I would certainly stay at the hotel again.
Awsome hotel friendly staff just been renovated had an awsome view of alcatraz from my room wifi was very fast room where beautiful only reason I wouldn't give it 5 stars is because they charge you 55 for one nights parking I found it rude as we paid top dollar to stay here other then that it was awsome :)Greetings Alex B,I am so glad that you found our hotel Awesome and our Team Friendly. The Z team works hard to ensure that we are providing a fabulous experience to all of our guests and glad you experienced that. Please be sure to consider us again in your future travels to San Francisco. Warm Regards,Jason WilliamsGeneral Manager
Cool hotel, great vibe. Lobby has been redone and is spacious. Rooms have a modern ship buildout which is fun. Only complaint is the multi use toiletries mounted to the wall of the shower. Even though there is a metal bar preventing tampering, its still the only place I've seen non single use toiletries! Other than that this place is great. The yard is very fun and has indoor shuffleboard and outdoor games galore with interesting areas to hangout. Don't miss the upscale food trucks within walking distance on Beach street. We enjoyed Carmel Pizza and the Codmother.Greetings David3135,Super excited that you chose to stay with us at Hotel Zephyr for your weekend getaway. We couldnt be more proud of our yard and thrilled that you found it very fun. Please be sure to stay with us again on your next get away. May all your travel experiences be unique,Jason WilliamsGeneral Manager
This hotel has quite a few things going for it. First off, it is in an amazing location for tourists. Right by Fisherman's wharf and close to all the sights there are to see. The hotels seems to have gone through a renovation recently and the lobby is actually a pretty cool place to hang out. Add to that the game room with ping pong, pool, shuffle board, and a couple other games plus the nice outdoor area. In the courtyard, there are fire pits, ample seating, more games, and a food truck. If you are traveling with teens, this is ideal. There is a bar attached to the court yard where you can get drinks and food. It isn't part of the hotel, but guests get a 10 discount with a room key. The staff at the hotel was nice and responsive if we ever needed anything.As far as the rooms, they are average. They are updated, but are still a little dark and dreary. Our room had a magnetic dart board, but only 3 darts. The sink in the bathroom was cool looking, but not very functional with very little counter space. We had a room above the courtyard and were able to see the ocean which was nice. The noise from the court yard wasn't a problem. The major issue I had and the reason for only 3 stars was the price. I know San Francisco is expensive, but I expected more for 450 a night. We have stayed in this area of San Fran numerous times and have paid the same price for a hotel, but it was much nicer. This hotel feels more like a 200-250 a night hotel. So, if you're looking at a time of year when the price is 250 or less, you'll be very happy at the Hotel Zephyr.Hello Annette, Thank you so much for staying with us. I am so glad you enjoyed your stay. I am also excited that you found our staff nice and responsive. I do how you try us again and we can provide that WOW factor for you. Thank you again and hope to see you soon.
My wife and I wholeheartedly recommend this hotel. It is fun, convenient and has an abundance of friendly and helpful staff. The availability of clever games throughout was appreciated. The creative use of common materials, such as street signs folded into chairs and cargo containers was effectively creative.Hello Walter S, I am so glad you found our quirk ! being in such a cool modern space we just cant help but have fun here. I am so glad you found a bit of that here with us. I hope to see you again at the telescope !
No complaints from our family.. All 4 of us enjoyed our stay. Loved the unique decor, game room and courtyard. Very convenient to Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 39. Quiet...never heard any noise. Comfortable beds and wonderful shower. Will definitely stay again.
The Hotel Zephyr was a great find, the rooms are comfortable, the location is perfect and the game room makes traveling with teens ideal. We love the vibe of the hotel. They do not have a bar, however, you could bring your own drinks so that was cool. We opted for a room with a balcony which was fantastic, great views of Alcatraz and the city.
I booked this hotel last minute through a 3rd party site and paid about 75 less than advertised. However, I still thought it was overpriced for the cleanliness and maintenance of the property.I did call the hotel the day before to see if they would meet the online price or if they'd offer a different last minute discount. The girl in reservations couldn't have cared less about why I was visiting or anything I had to say. She was very obviously reading off a script and refused to break it (not even to gain relationship with a potential guest). I questioned even booking because of her, but decided not to let one person sour my opinion of the business. Good:The location is fantastic for touristy things. Just a couple blocks from Pier 41 and 39. Easy walk to Alcatraz ferry. Convenient to many public transport lines.When I came in to check in, a gentleman welcomed me right away and made sure I was in the correct line. The room was very spacious. Though it was just me, they put me in a room with 2 double beds. There was ample space around all the furniture to move around. There was a mini fridge, Keurig (with coffee, cream, tea, decaf, etc), and bottled water. There was a fold down seat in the shower which would be a great amenity for someone who has a hard time standing long enough to shower. The TV was huge and they provided a great cheat sheet on how to use it. The hotel provided coupons for local restaurants. Very cute nautical decorations. The seagull pillows were adorable. Not so good:Cleaning was only okay. There was trash on the floor, hair in the shower, and rust from a leaking toilet that easily wiped off. It was loud, but I'm not sure what from. There was a banging, almost construction noise that would happen fairly often day and night. I was able to sleep through it. None of the staff knew much about the area other than the handful of places they all pushed. There was a very rough around the edges feel with peeling paint, damaged wallpaper, etc.There was no mattress cover. There was just a thin protector on top of the mattress and then the sheet. This seems odd for a hotel.The provided shampoo and conditioner did not work well. To be fair, I did not make the hotel aware of my dissatisfaction with any of these items during my stay thus not providing an opportunity to fix anything. I would stay here again for 1 or 2 nights. It was comfortable and conveniently located. Dear greenbeanjean26,Thank you for such a detailed review of your experience while staying at Hotel Zephyr. I am truly embarrassed by having missed some simple details of your guest room. If you have a chance, I invite you to email me directly GMhotelzephyrsf.com and share your room number or reservation details so that I can be sure I inspect and address details of the room you stayed in. We work hard to make sure we leave everyone with positive memories and would have been happy to make this right while you were with us. I am glad that you would give us a chance again in the future and hope to see you soon.
We stayed at the Zephyr for a long weekend and it was a great hotel for coming and going. Nice courtyard with fire pits going, bring your own wine and relax in a friendly atmosphere. It's not pretentious and it's still 'styling'
We were traveling to visit family with two school-age children. We booked the Radisson for two reasons: first, to try a Sleep Number bed because I'd like to convince my better half to buy one, and second, because it had a heated outdoor pool. Now that it's the Hotel Zephyr, both the pool and the sleep number beds are gone. Now it's modern, hip, and trendy - great if you're twentysomething looking for fun, but somewhat less appealing to us old and stodgy thirtysomethings.Had the hotel contacted us in advance, I would've rebooked somewhere else. But since they didn't contact me despite having my phone number, address, and email, we were stuck. The desk clerk was witchy (ma'am, I can't build a Radisson for you) but the front office manager was much kinder, recognizing it does stink to not be aware of the huge change in the hotel's target demographic and style prior to arrival and upgrading us in response.The beds are hard and the rooms are small, but everything was clean, fresh, and new with the recent renovation. The pool area is now a courtyard, the theme of which is actually junk: old shipping containers line the area, the sculptures are flaming old cathode ray tube tv sets, and crumpled aluminum cans are used as decor. Very post-apocalyptic chic. Again, cute if you're 20, but eye-roll inducing closer to 40. Unless you love to decorate out of the neighbors' recycling bins.The rooms do have cushioned window seats which are perfect for watching the fog roll in - we could see Alcatraz from our room. And the location is great, close to restaurants, shops, and the piers. As long as you're planning to spend a lot of time out seeing the city, this will serve as a reasonable home base due to the fantastic location.Dear KC,Thank you for taking the time to write about your recent stay with us!Yes, we are definitely not the Radisson anymore. Our property underwent a 32 million dollars renovation where the hotel got transformed from top to bottom in order to create our brand new property, Hotel Zephyr. In this transformation we didn't leave anything undone, thus our rooms were completely remodeled and upgraded all the way, including a higher quality of brand new mattresses. Our public spaces were also completely redesigned, our interior lobby got expanded over 5,000 sq feet opening directly to our brand new outdoor lounge area, the yard! all and all creating 11,600 sq of indoor/outdoor interactive space where we encourage our guests to let loose and have fun. That thought of going back to your childhood, embracing a sense of adventure and discovery was an essential part of the designer's inspiration while creating the fresh and fun environment in our hotel and specially in the yard. She used unexpected materials, from recycled corrugated metals and cargo containers to upcycled nautical materials and shipping crates, scrap transformed into treasure at every corner to evoke that childlike sense of excitement that comes with a great adventure regardless of your age! KC, I am glad to hear that you enjoyed our prime location and phenomenal views very much and that our front office manager was able to upgrade your accommodations as he continued to service you all the way during your stay to make it as enjoyable as possible for you in true Zephyr service spirit!Warm regards, Carmen CruzGeneral Manager
We loved Hotel Zephyr! It's a very unique hotel right in Fisherman's Wharf. I appreciated the email they sent before our arrival asking us if we had any special requests - Was this a special occasion Extra towels or pillows needed etc. By posting our booking with them on Facebook, we were given a voucher for a free upgrade upon availability. Corinne and Bernadette were wonderful at the front desk, they not only honored our upgrade and gave us a balcony room facing the Bay, but kept us on the same floor with our friends we were traveling with. When we arrived to our room, there was a welcome note from the staff wishing us an enjoyable first time to San Francisco. We enjoyed the ambience of the outdoor area every night and even played some of the games provided. We were very happy with the housekeeping, concierge and all the staff, plus we loved the great location. We highly recommend Hotel Zephyr!The Z team is always here to make you feel at home, Kim C! We are all about creating memories for our guests and loved having you with us for your first time to our great city. Can't wait to do it all over again! Until next time...Cheers, James
We have stayed here 4 nights and its a very basic hotel. It is overly priced even 4th night was free. I dont mind spending some extra money if hotel was worth it. No added amenities, just a small room, leaking sink, and no ocean view. The Sheraton hotel nearby appears to be much nicer. The only thing that I liked was location.
The location is ideal. The game room is great for all ages. The only downside is the very slow elevators and the room is small. Parking is an extra cost involved as well. I would still stay there even though the quarters were tiny. The concierge was great recommended a great restaurant that we had breakfast at every day.Greetings RMamakos,Thank you for taking time to share your thoughts about Hotel Zephyr. We are so glad that you found your room nice and the view great. We look forward to seeing you again soon.
We stayed at the Zephyr for a week at a really good price and were impressed. The hotel is uniquely decorated and has numerous old-school/classic games in and around it...most with somewhat of a twist. The staff were all tremendously respectful and helpful from check-in to check-out. We brought a small issue with our original room to Lauren and she happily re-accommodated us.The Zephyr is centrally located with easy walking access to a lot of SF's tourist and food spots..it was really convenient.The only negatives I'd say are that the fridge size is deceiving. It looks like a medium sized fridge from the outside but when you open it, the actual fridge is teeny tiny so there isn't much room for stuff. And, the parking was expensive.Overall though, we had a great time and enjoyed our stay at the Zephyr..and we know where to stay if we decide to visit SF again.You certainly got to live like a local, Cecilio L! We love sharing our local go to spots so our guests get the true SF experience, after all that's why we travel! Come see us on your next adventure to the city. Cheers, James
This is an old Radisson Hotel that was bought out by an investment group. They have replaced all of the fixtures and flooring and refurbished the lobby. What has been completed thus far is fabulous. The first floor contains tables, a courtyard, restrooms and a sports room, all of which have been done with a contemporary, artistic flair second to none. The downside of the hotel is that the room is size of a postage stamp. We could barely move around the beds. One, slow elevator was working during the time we were there. The others were broke. For safety reasons (I presume), hotels have decided that you can no longer take the stairs...if you go into the stairwell, you are only allowed to exit out the bottom floor onto the street. No self laundry facilities offered. I would suggest staying at the Courtyard, two blocks away and visiting the lobby of the Zephyr. You will have more room for less money.Greetings Esquiresmith,Thank you for sharing your thoughts about Hotel Zephyr, yes we have renovated and rebranded and are almost one year old. It is a long process of change and our elevators are all undergoing a modernization upgarde we have six of them so this does take time. We are very close to being finished and apologize for that inconvenience during your stay. One of the phases of renovation takes place later this year and is an upgrade to a modern key system. When we complete the key system upgrade, those older doors in the stairwells will have locks on them that will be openable with your guest room key. I hope that as we continue to grow and upgrade the hotel, you might consider staying with us again. May your travel experiences always be unique,Jason WilliamsGeneral Manager
I would rate this Hotel Average/Poor. Stayed for a couple nights. The Hotel is located in Fishermans Wharf, a heavily crowded area. We knew this and wanted to give it a try. Mind you, the walls are VERY thin. This was our issue. After a few long days of touring and site seeing we wanted to come back, relax, and get a good night sleep for the next day. Didn't happen. We constantly were woke by people just casually passing in the hallway and could hear every single word from our neighbors next door. Full conversation. There may have not been a wall there at all! Our room was at the very end of the second floor (request a room away from the elevators so you don't hear constant noise) BUT our room's window had a view of the second story parking lot!!! People could see RIGHT into our room! Which made us have to close the window shades the entire time for privacy! Housekeeping came VERY early, 9:15am to be exact. We were still trying to sleep from being woken up off and on all through the night. The wifi didn't work. And the power went out due to the large blackout San Fran had while we were there. Not the Hotel's fault, but no one came to let us know what was going on, either. Overall, I would not stay here again. I think it's fine for a quick night in a popular tourist area, not for relaxing. Also, they offered to park our car for 65.00 ! TIP: Two doors down to the left of the hotel, there is a self parking garage for only 30.00 We did that, instead.
Location is very good, nearby attractions. Practical for at nice stay in San Francisco. We had a very nice stay. Ihop and many restaurants to eat breakfast. The room was clean and had avarage standard.
A nice take on a boutique hotel in the Fisherman's Wharf area. Very good location in the middle of all the attractions down by Pier 39, Ghiardelli Square, Cable Car turnaround and the F Streetcar Line. Really interesting decor in the main lobby, like the reuse of shipping containers. And a great courtyard area with plenty of seats, fire pits and all kinds of things to do.A good, clean and comfortable room. Rooms facing the courtyard (like mine) have balconies, nice views out to the Bay. No bigger or smaller than other hotel rooms in the area, but nicely updated decor.Helpful staff - efficient and knowledgeable. Nothing fancy, just good. Maybe trying to be a little too hip, but can't fault people for trying.Didn't mind sacrificing two nights worth of points.Hi mastiffdad,Thank you for taking the time to write about your recent stay at Zephyr!mastiffdad, I am very happy to hear that you found our location to be so convenient, we really have the best location of the Wharf! Hip by the Bay, as you describe us, I love it!! Yes, we tend to think we are kind of cool, but it's awesome for us to hear our guests think the same way! we are so proud of our yard, the game room and all the fun and creative design we have around us...I love to know that you were able to enjoy it all!mastiffdad, we are looking to see you again soon!Warmest regards,Carmen CruzGeneral Manager
This hotel is on it's second or third owner. Hotel Zephyr, known for their trendy hotels, is the current owner and at the time of this review is still in the process of doing some renovations. There is no restaurant, some of the elevator buttons still say Raddison on them, and the elevators may or may not work the entirety of your stay.Overall, though, if you get in on a discount (I suggest shopping online for a good deal, they are always better than what the hotel website offers) then you'll get your money's worth.The service is excellent, the rooms themselves, are magnificent, and your location is perfect. The rooms are unique and several steps beyond your normal chain hotels. The beds are extremely comfortable. We got the standard king room with a view of the city and it was superb. Spacious rooms, excellent bathrooms, and comfortable beds.I highly recommend this hotel. There are three great breakfast places within easy walking distance include Mama's (get their EARLY!), Beach Street Grill, and Hollywood Cafe. All are worth it. The latter two have a shorter wait time typically, but still, get their before you get hungry.
We stayed in this hotel several times when it was a Radisson. The location is perfect for us since we are visiting family in the Marina district and we like to tour the city by public transportation. Perhaps I shopped poorly this time for a deal on a room, but we paid well over 400 per night for a room that was called a deluxe double/double. It didn't seem like a deluxe anything. Yes, it did have a partial view of the Bay but it had a much better view of the noisy parking lot and the windows of other peoples' rooms. I had asked for a quiet room and was tolf this room was quiet. Yet it turned out to be right next to the elevator. Go figure. The room had nice amenities (upscale coffee pot and coffee, a mini-refrigerator) but it was very small and cramped, even with only two of us. The bathroom needed a good cleaning. For this kind of money, I expect a room to be really clean and this one wasn't. The hotel has been renovated recently which is nice, but much of the workmanship is quite shoddy and may not hold up very well. The hotel offers no room service, no coffee service in the lobby in the mornings as best I could tell, and has no bar at all. Even given how expensive hotel rooms are in San Francisco, I expected a lot more for this kind of money. The front desk staff was very nice however. Be aware that the few elevators available are very slow and small. You might want to leave extra time to get to the lobby with luggage at checkout time. I hate to give up staying at this location but I don't believe we get our moneys' worth at the price we paid.
I cant say Ive stayed in a hotel room with a dartboard before! The Hotel Zephyr is in a great location close to Fishermans Wharf and Pier 39. The decor is fresh and modern and it has a great games room and outdoor seating area complete with fire pits.
During our vacation in San Francisco, we stayed at the Zephyr hotel by Fisherman's Wharf. Hotel location is very convenient for visiting the surrounding areas, and the room was very nice, cosy and nicely appointed. A big thank you goes to the hotel manager, Steven Marais, who helped us out to solve a problem with a very unhelpful and unpleasant guy at a nearby car rental office. We really wish to thank him a lot for his availability and professional attitude.Ciao stefaniach67,Thank you for taking the time to write a review about your recent stay at Zephyr!!I am very happy to hear that your stay with us was a great one!! But what I am most happy about is to hear you say how Steven was able to assist you right away making your experience with us one to remember!!At Zephyr, we all hope to see you back whenever you decide to visit our beautiful San Francisco again!!Buon viaggio!Carmen CruzGeneral Manager
Excellent location and clean hotel located within walking distance to sightseeing and Boudins and Aliotos. Cute hotel with parking and relatively safe. Rooms were clean and good maid service. Good location for families as everything is walking distance and many shops and restaurants within one block of hotel. Newly remodeled and very hip for families and young at heart. Would stay here again and would recommend it to others.Hi ukhane,Thank you very much for writing about your experience at Zephyr!Ukhane, I am thrilled to hear you say words like hip and young at heart! Yes, that is us!! From our spectacular yard with its fire pits, life size Jenga, connect 4, round ping pong table and our awesome periscope!! to our game room with its great TV's, pool and shuffle board, everything calls for fun here at Zephyr!!As we say, play like no one is watching!! just have some fun!Ukhane, my Z-team and I hope to see you back soon!Warmest regards,Carmen CruzGeneral Manager
I had searched for a long time for the right place as it is very expensive in San Francisco. For us this was the perfect location, wharf, pier 39, alcatraz, shops, restaurants, groceries, public transport all in your backyard. The hotel is modern and clean, beds are only double and feel very small especially if you are use to a king like us. Room is also pretty small but is ok for a short 3 night stay. Staff here are super friendly and at check in explained how we would catch the train to the NBA game. The games room is great and check in and out was a breeze. Greetings deewill47,We never tire hearing that Hotel Zephyr was the perfect place to stay in San Francisco. The Z team knows all the great spots in the city and love providing memorable experiences for guests. Hopefully you can come back when the Warriors get back to the Finals!Kind Regards,Jason WilliamsGeneral Manager
We enjoyed our stay here at the start of August. The room was spacious and had nice modern touches like lots of USB charging points, fast wifi, docking stations and the likes. The fridge was also useful. I'd definitely stay here again.The only downside was that our room was directly opposite the elevator. It pings twice every time the doors open which is extremely irritating when trying to sleep. (Of course, there is no option to take the stairs, it's lift or nothing, so it's in use all the time.) The hotel were happy to move us to another room which was near a lift that was out of order. Sadly it started working on one of the mornings so we still got disturbed. It wouldn't out me off staying here though.It's close to Fisherman's Wharf which may or may not suit. Accessible from SFO by BART and then on to F-line. We took an Uber back to SFO though and it only cost 10 more for two of us. Much easier.
Great location, bigger than expected room, clean and modern, love the way the hotel has been decorated, friendly helpful staff. Right on Fishermans Wharf. Easy transport near the hotel to see all of San Fran. Ask the staff for travel methodsWhat else can I say.Good day GeorgeRibarovski,Thank you from the friendly helpful staff at Hotel Zephyr for your post about us. We love our shipyard chic dcor as well and glad you liked it too. It takes time to post and I am glad when people share their positive experiences. We look forward to seeing you again on your next trip to San Francisco. See you soon,Jason WilliamsGeneral Manager
Recently renovated with such attention to detail. This hotel amazed me from the lobby, to the funky elevator to the room. It includes a great games room, a fun court yard with fire pits and the well decorated rooms that are comfortable and cozy. Located close to Fishermans Warf, and transportation its a great place to stay when visiting the City. Highly recommend.
It was my cousin and I's first trip to San Francisco and we chose this hotel for its location and were not disappointed. In the morning, when we opened the windows/doors to our balcony, we could not only see the bay, breath in the fresh air of the sea, but even hear the sea lions. A walking distance from Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 39 and all the restaurants, it made it easy at the end of the day to just enjoy a relaxing evening, and do a little shopping. And it was just a short walk to Alcatraz's landing site and the cable car's main station. Even the famous Lombard street was a walking distance, and we could also see the Coit Tower from our balcony. And with lots of retro street cars and buses nearby, it made it easy to go visit further attractions in the city. The hotel is also very cleverly decorated like a ship, with porthole windows and bathroom mirrors, which made us feel like we were on a cruise. And the lobby recycled old containers to make up the walls, to add to the whole experience. We also enjoyed the convenience of the food truck in the yard, for snacks and drinks, but especially enjoyed sitting on the couches by the fire pits to end our days. Although a little pricy, all in all, we were happy with our choice, which made our first visit to San Francisco even better.Hi isabelledV4289FJ,First visits to San Francisco are always memorable, we are so glad we could be such a positive part of your memory. We hope we are always your go to hotel from now on. Keep your eye out for our monthly newsletter and special offers for our previous guests.Safe Travels, Jason
All my negatives about this hotel will be about the bathroom, other than that it was very good. It is the old Radisson Hotel that has just had a massive upgrade. The hotel staff are friendly and helpful and the hotel is bright and airy. The courtyard outside is excellent of an evening with lovely places to sit and games for kids and adults. In the reception area, again is a lovely large area for people to chill out and the games room is again for kids and adults alike. The rooms and big, very comfortable and the beds some of the best i have had in a hotel. However, the bathroom falls down for me. You have a mssive bathroom and no shelf space to put toiletries or even the bathh towels which are kept in the wardrobe. There is so much space to put a few small shelves the bathroom is just wasted. Again in the shower area there rae no shelving at all to hang toiletries. The bathhroom door again is a massive negative and be very careful closing it from the inside as the handles are so close to the edge you will catch your fingers.The bathroom is just a small negative for me as it we stayed in San Francisco again we would definately stay here. It's dissapointing there isn't a small bar area or breakfast area but again that is very minor as you have Johnny Rockets attached to the hotel that is more than suitable for breakfast.Overall a very good hotel right on Fishermans Wharf with just a few minor irritations and we would 100 stay here again.Hi Davek200000,Thank you very much for taking the time to write about your stay at Zephyr!Yes, we had a massive upgrade! 32 million were spent to create our new phenomenal hotel!I am so glad to hear you were able to enjoy all the fun offerings we have between our game room and our yard! You said it right! all our life size games and cool fun is not only for kids but also for adults! We all say, Zephyr is like an adult playground! but we are so happy the kids are really enjoying it too!Davek2000000, we also agree with you in regards to our bathrooms.I can happily report that we have actually started installing shelving in them! I have also more great news coming your way...yes! the yard at Zephyr will be offering great food and beverage options very soon! You definitely have to come back to enjoy them!We hope to see you back soon!Warm regards,Carmen CruzGeneral Manager
This property festively greeted guests with Super Bowl balloons, decorations, Broncos Panthers pop up cut outs in the lobby and football shaped cups in the suites! Staff members are friendly every morning welcoming guests to breakfast buffet included in the room rate. The fresh fruit full of various berries was outstanding! They continued replenishing items even 15 minutes prior... More
no light bulbs, locked safe. minnium tv receiption, no response to complaints for three days. called the desk and person that came did not fix TV ,said he would call back. never happened / Went to front desk and reported problems , nothing fixed . At check out , only so sorry
Our first room we were placed in had a sink that didn't drain. We were moved within a few minutes to the second room next door and were told a bottle of wine would be sent up as an apology. The second room not only had a sink that didn't work, it was full of filthy black water. Gross!!! We were moved to a third room with a sink that didn't work very well, but we were so tired of moving we decided to deal with it. We came back from dinner and found no wine and it was brought up only after we had called. The final straw was the lack of room cleaning. The maid service didn't stop by despite our calls for 2 days and would only pick up towels and most days cleaning service didn't show up until 4-5 in the afternoon. Trying to bill this Best Western as upscale is a joke. The service was unacceptable and they deseperately need to work on their house keeping and sink issues.
So having just come back from a 2 week vacation in Maui, we needed to find a place to stay for a 20 year anniversary wine tasting weekend for a friend of mine. Didn't have much time and found this property, which was relatively close to downtown Napa and the other wine tasting events. I have to say in all honesty, we weren't thrilled about the prospect of staying at a Best Western, BUT, it turned out fine. The property looks as if it has been renovated recently, rooms are very clean/nice and the location was solid. If you need a place to stay in the Napa Valley without completely breaking the bank, this isn't a bad option. Don't let the BW name fool you. Guess Premier means something. :) Also, if you're looking for great wine, check out the Backroom in downtown Napa. Dan has a tremendous selection of wines that you won't find other places. Also has tremendous knowledge.
I stayed there for 2 days and rooms were good and comfortable.the bath and shower was not bad and the breakfast was not bad either. the room space was enough and the were helpful and had good behavior. anyway I liked it.
Nice hotel friendly service would stay there again.
We arrive and discover that we have the room closest to the main road. We can hear the traffic 24/7. The hotel is centrally located and a decent breakfast is included but very ordinary by our standards.
On a whim we decided to drive up to Napa from San Francisco for a few days. Unfortunately, most of the hotels Yountvilee, St. Helena, etc. were booked. So we decided to try the Ivy Hotel by Best Western. And what a great surprise! The rooms were huge and very comfortable (all recently remodeled), and the location was great. We were literally 10 minutes from Youtnville yet we only paid half the price of staying in Yountville. If you want to see Napa but not pay a fortune to do it - this place is for you. And there is a great restaurant two blocks away (Fume)....make sure you check that out too.
We stayed at the BW Premier Ivy Inn over Memorial Day weekend for a friends wedding weekend in Napa.The positive:location easy to find, we arrived early for check in and our room to our surprise was ready at 12pm, upon arrival to the room we found that it was furnished beautifully and very appealing. The Negative: the mattress was extremely hard and uncomfortable, the bathroom sink didn't drain and overflowed while we were brushing our teeth, the bathroom light only worked when it felt like it, and the kicker was the complimentary breakfast was by far lacking. not allot of options for a BW Premier property and the items that were offered were either stale or expired, not to mention the breakfast room was so crowded we had to line up in the hall to get something to eat and bring it back to our room. Our expectations were much higher and we left feeling disappointed in our stay at the Ivy Inn.
I made the mistake of not checking reviews, this hotel is Nasty... Dirty bathroom sink, dirty floors, and common hallways trash and laundry is left out by hotel room doorways for hours, even overnight. I also carry Clorox wipes, and need every one. AC did not work,called no one ever came to checked the AC sent a written list to manager. NO RESPONSE! Manager must think if they change their name, the bad reviews will stop and they can get away with disappointing more people who visit this lovely region. No hangers in closet, closet door was pulled off hinges, and we stayed in what was billed as the King Suite ( most expensive room rate) thinking we have a lovey spaces to relax in at the end of our day. Wrong! Noisy things banging and outside the windows was mechanical area. Go anywhere but here!
We recently stayed 3 nights at Little Paradise and had an incredible stay. The greeting was great and the location close to everything but secluded away and private. The rooms are modern and beautiful and big! The bed is very comfortable and the TV is...More
We went for a relaxing weekend as an offshoot of a family visit. This was a great place to go with a nice room and a view of the mountains from just outside. The ONLY thing we didn't like was that the sun dropped below the mountains too early and the temperature dropped along with it. Maybe you can fix... More
If you want peaceful and relaxing look no further. Although set up like a single floor motel it is hardly anything but. The rooms are very nice with a full kitchen. They provide some breakfast items, snacks and bottles of spring water. You can bring in anything you like to enjoy at the pool or in your room. By the... More
If you want to relax, want a quiet atmosphere, cozy setting.. this is the place. It is definitely a smaller, boutique-type hotel and it feels that way. So that's good for some and maybe not as much for others. The room is great, very pretty. Very impressive large, new Curved HD TV. So that's nice! The small kitchen is also... More
Nothing spectacular. Good hotel. Kinda in the middle of stateline and actual SLT so walking seems kinda a pain. I thought they had redone the pool building entirely, but it was just a new facade. The rooms look bad, the best was uncomfortable, the wifi was inconvenient, the outlets only half worked.
Very clean, friendly staff and very comfortable rooms. We are staying here because of a deal with a Spanish summer course, and we are very happy with our stay. Pool is a little small, but we are right across from the lake.
Stayed here many years ago on a romantic weekend so I felt blessed to return on a business trip. Was disappointed to say the least. My room, which faced the ghetto trailer park behind the hotel was DARK. Good thing I am not one of those ladies who require a lot of light to put on makeup. The floor squeaked... More
Clean. Easy access. Nice pool hot tub area - even opened in the winter. Convenient location for everything. Breakfast place next door. Close to Safeway. Across the street from the lake. Nothing fancy but a good nice clean friendly place to stay.
It was our first trip to Lake Tahoe together. We arrived early and wanted to ask about an early check in. The front desk staff was talking and seemed annoyed their conversation was interrupted by a guest. The attitude continued as they told me early check in was not possible. In the end the hotel was nice (would have loved... More
The are the hotel is in is great for visiting various places in the local area. However make sure you're not booked into room 153. It's next to what seems to be a plant room, with a big green metal box outside. Now whether it's the plant room or the contents of the box, you are subjected to a loud... More
Thanks to Inn by the Lake, we were able to stay close and comfortably to both the water and state line. Front desk staff was extremely hospitable and granted our requests. We were pleasantly surprised with the quality of space in the rooms, and the bed was heavenly. Thank you!
My daughter and I came up to Tahoe to see Keith Urban and wanted a nice room and hopefully with lake views. We couldn't have asked for any better. We had a view of Lake Tahoe from every angle in our room. Our room itself was very spacious and decorated in a combination of rustic meets urban chic. I loved... More
I would say that the inn by the lake is probably one of the better places to stay near southlake at that price point. Rooms are clean and the staff members were all very nice. Also having a bowling alley onsite is a very cool bonus.
Four of us came for a 3 day weekend expecting to be in a hotel on the lake, the pictures on line were very deceiving. The hotel is across the street from the lake. It was very loud as you are right on the street. The lake view was beautiful the problem is the chairs they give you on your... More
If you are going to South Lake Tahoe to relax, enjoy the weather and beach and want to avoid the casino area this is the perfect place. Request a room with a view of the lake in the newer building. Clean, quiet, aircon, wifi, parking, convenience to everything and a beach right outside the door. What more would you want
A charming and friendly place. The location just across Lake Tahoe Boulevard from the Lake, the decor with its forest theme, the staff and facilities were all excellent. I especially enjoyed the use of the hotel's bicycle loan program!
We just stayed at the Inn by the Lake for the 4th time and had a great trip. We love the location so we can bike or walk most places. The pool is great and has a two level hot tub! the room is nice and I appreciate having a mini fridge.
Awesome. We really had a peaceful and comfortable stay. Location is convenient and walking distance to the park and lake. We Will recommend this place to friends and family. We will make this our spot for our trips in South Lake Tahoe.
This dog friendly hotel has a wonderful web marketing team. Hotel is actually a barely updated 1960's era motel. Room was at or below motel 6 quality with tears in carpet, old unfilled holes in desks and tables. Bed and linens had been upgraded or I would have been too weirded out to stay. I got the sense that this... More
If you want a quiet room, do not book a room overlooking the lake. Hotel was centrally located for all amenities and restaurants. There is a bus along the lake front that takes you to the Nevada state line which was very handy for sightseeing.
Great value compared to other budget chains. For about 80 a night I was able to get a suite with a jacuzzi, free breakfast every morning that included hot protein, fruit, cereal, breads, juices and coffee. Located right off the freeway it's very close to several shopping and dining options. Walls are a little thin but rooms are clean and... More
First the entire floor (2nd) smelled like smoke as if there was a fire. Then the TV didn't work so I went to call the front desk to let them know and the room phone did not work. My husband took a shower and the exhaust fan didn't work. He went to set the alarm clock for a 5 AM... More
The hotel's complimentary shuttler service to Google HQ and SJC airport is very unreliable. Once I was told to wait for at least 2 hours. Once the service was completely unavailable. Once they booked me a taxi without any notice or authorization due to shuttle service unavailable and the pay was on me. The front desk was handling my complaint... More
The hotel was very nice.. will definitely stay there again.. and recommend my family and friends to stay there when there in town.. rooms where clean and the complimentary breakfast was very good.....
If you want to go to a great hotel in Cupertino and have the best of it all, look no further! It is AMAZINGLY clean! The amenities are super awesome and the staff, super polite and respectful. I came to California not knowing a thing about the place and Agatha told me all that I needed to know and made... More
Capitola Venetian Hotel is a great place to stay. We were a family of 4 adults and a child. Kitchen was nice except should have had a larger table to eat on. Bathroom very small..but it served its function. Location great. Staff awesome and very accommodating. Would stay here again!!
Four of us (Girls) stayed here three nights during the annual Wine Art Festival... Wonderful stay, loads of things to do, places to eat, people to meet, walking distance to everything, never got into our car...Mike at front desk is super nice...great time was had by all
super fun over night . we were in room 229 two bedroom with a view great little hotel super close to everything kids loved it and so did we. parking was a little hard to fined but we did and the pizza around the corner was amazing
We had reservations elsewhere for a week, but do to a scheduling conflict with that establishment, they put us all up at the Neu Lodge Motel. Owners/operators of the motel went above and beyond to accomadate our large group, even helping us prepare food for everyone. Rooms are large and clean, each room has small fridge, microwave coffee maker.... More
Dropping son off at Camp Pendleton. Hotel was very close to shops, restaurants, beaches and other attractions. Easy to get around lots of parking and area felt safe. Staff was very friendly room was clean and spacious.
Dropping son off at Camp Pendleton. Hotel was very close to shops, restaurants, beaches and other attractions. Easy to get around lots of parking and area felt safe. Staff was very friendly room was clean and spacious.
Perfect hotel in the center of Laguna Beach within walking distance to shops and restaurants. Friendly staff. We stayed for 1 night while passing through the city, so hardly spent any time in the room. However, the room was clean and spacious.
I recently stayed 2 nights in the Econo Lodge Suites near Legoland in Carlsbad, CA. I am a senior woman and I was traveling alone. The managers, Jay and Malu, were extremely helpful as I checked in and also when I needed help with directions. They were very friendly and extremely knowledgeable. They were able to recommend where I... More
We thoroughly enjoyed our stay in San Remo. The location is perfect if you plan to hang around the fisherman's wharf area.The hotel is small, as are the rooms, however it has that cosy feel to it. The rooms are cleaner daily and there is an almost constant supply of tea, coffee (plus flavourings and toppings), muffins and sweets, which make for great pre-breakfast or post-dinner snacks.The reception staff were great with us and were on hand to offer help and advice when we needed it. Our only complaint is that due to the size and proximity of the rooms, noise resonates easily. This is not a good thing when the cleaning staff flood the corridors in the morning and talk at an inconsiderate volume. The hotel acknowledges this and provide ear buds next to the beds. I would return here, but will know better than to expect a lie-in in future Thank you for your recent review. We are glad that you found our location, staff and free beverages all day to be a plus for our hotel.Our cozy rooms maintain the same size as when the hotel was built back in 1906. We try to keep the original layout and feel of a historic Inn.Our housekeeping staff has been spoken to and we addressed a memo to them regarding the noise you experienced. Loud conversations by the housekeeping staff in the hallways, especially in the morning, should not be happening anywhere in the hotel. It is with such guest feedback we can make positive changes to the hotel and we really appreciate your honest and positive feedback. We hope to welcome you back soon at the San Remo Hotel.
Me and a friend stayed here on the last leg of our 6 week American adventure for 3 nights. When we arrived the first receptionist was quite short and boderline rude however the manager took over (Gutted I can't remember his name) and he could not have been more helpful. We had a few conversations with him and he was a genuinely lovely man who couldn't have been more helpful.There are no lifts in this hotel, however the aforementioned manager helped us up the many stairs with our luggage. I have never stayed in a shared bathroom hotel before but it was not as bad as I envisioned. They were always immaculate and never too much of a wait as there were 3 toilets on our floor.I would say if you are a younger traveller this may not be the hotel for you as we did get told off for laughing too loudly with some travellers from neighbouring rooms, however this was completely justified, just if you're after a more lively scene, pick a hotel with sound proofed rooms! There are no TV's in the room's and they are quite small but if, like us, you are after a relaxed vibe when you get in, this is great. (Another reviewer compared this hotel to 'staying at grandma's' and I couldn't agree more)The location of the hotel was absolutely perfect. In some parts of San Fran I did feel slightly unsafe but could not fault the location of the San Remo at all, a quieter, friendly area. Opposite there is a great little cafe, Caffe Cappiccio (Helpful as the hotel does not provide a breakfast), some bars (our favourite being La Rocas) and a 10 minute walk to Fisherman's Wharf. The restaurant of the hotel was absolutely brilliant. The food was delicious and there was a fantastic band playing while we were eating who also did a great rendition of happy birthday to my friend.All in all, this hotel was a great little find and I would love to see what the penthouse is like!Again, thank you to the manager, your customer service was impeccable.Thank you so much for your comments and feedback. Our staff are well-trained and expected to help our guests above and beyond, just like Kenley (our manager) did. We will look into the front desk staff you mentioned, as we are in the hospitality business and expect the best from our staff.Besides being close to many famous attractions, our neighborhood is very safe. We are very glad that you felt comfortable walking around here. The Fior d'Italia is America's oldest Italian restaurant and our guests get 10 discount. We hope you will choose to stay with us again in your next trip to the US.
This establishment looks more like a hostel that a hotel. Decor is decadent but charming. Staff is helpful and nice. It is located at a stone's throw from the Fisherman's Wharf. There is a Trader Joe's and a number of cafs and bars nearby. Close to the cable car and bus stops.My room was tiny, just room for a sink and a folding bed. No bathroom but a huge flatscreen TV. Bed was confy. Could hear the neighbour's TV but was so tired that didn't really bothered. Don't miss the massage coach, good experience.Overall I would recommend to stay at this hotel for location and flashback, but it seems a bit overpriced for a room with no bathroom and without breakfast.We have a reputation for being the best budget Hotel in San Francisco. We are located close to many of the most desirable attractions, the Cable Car is only 1 block away from us.Our prime location, 2 blocks from Fishermans Wharf, North Beach, make our Hotel a walkers paradise. San Francisco is known to be an expensive City to visit we make your stay affordable by providing a beautifully decorated Hotel at a budget rate. We are surrounded by Hotels whose rates are are 200 to 300 higher than ours. Yes, our rooms are not large, but neither are our prices.To respect the authenticity and charm of the Hotel, and to minimize noise, we do not offer TVs or telephones in the rooms. We do have an internet kiosk and printer, free Wi-Fi and a TV room for our guests.
This unique old Victorian hotel is amazing. The no frills way of staying. No TV, small rooms, just FAB. Fresh coffee and tea every morning. Access to their computer and free wifi. The showers and toilets are VERY clean and warm towels are provided. It can get noisy on trash day, since there is an alley on one side. But overall what great experience. My new home away from home.
I went there with my BFFL and she fell in love with it after 3 seconds... I'm still trying to warm up to it. It had the cozy, heartwarming and pittoresque appeal, But when the first love ended you stood there short of Oxytocin and felt the cramped space that minutes before seemed enough. The Window in the room that seemed so corky at first, facing the corridor outside the room to small to let enough oxygen into the room at night. And the wash basin in the corridor that was sooo 19th century be actually a way of the past. The bed was adequate but a tad to small for more than newlyweds. I will not do this ho(s)tel again. But my roomy she would wanna be buried there!Thank you for your honest review. In an era of selfishness and cynicism, close quarter and having to share your space, let alone your thoughts with someone else, could be daunting. But life 100 years ago was not all about yourself.We are a beautifully preserved historic hotel, where many romantic stories, honeymoons and weddings have been celebrated. Notwithstanding our old world layout and style, we stand decade after decade, 11 total. This year we are celebrating our 110 anniversary, and that is cause for much Oxytocin!!
I stayed here for 3 nights with a friend last weekend. I booked this hotel as part of a package through Expedia. I checked out the reviews here on TripAdvisor before booking and I was a little nervous about the small size of the rooms and the shared bathrooms, but Expedia made me an offer I couldn't refuse so I went for it. Pros:- Terrific location- Great price (considering the area)- Clean and decently comfortable rooms- Clean bathrooms- I loved the character of this hotel and the vintage details. And despite its vintage-ness, it's still kept up and pretty well-maintained. Very charming and quaint. A great alternative to the standard chain hotels. - Friendly staff- The wifi is free, signal strength was so-so though- Nice quiet neighborhood, and the hotel guests are quiet for the most part- Lovely restaurant on the ground floor, also quiet (I never heard any noise from the restaurant while in our room).Cons:- Rooms are very small, I'd say our room was 8 x 8 ft, max. - Beds aren't that comfortable...not unbearably so, but ours had definitely seen many years of use so the mattress was caving in a little.- No A/C. There are ceiling fans though, which helps with the ventilation (it can get stuffy in those rooms). But our ceiling fan was a little worn out so it made loud creaking noises, couldn't really have it on at night.The pros definitely outweighed the cons in my opinion. I'd definitely stay here again and I'd recommend it to anyone who is traveling alone, with a partner or with a friend or two. Don't think I'd recommend it to families, particularly those traveling with small children or babies.Hi Amanda J, sorry it's taken so long to thank you for your intelligent point by point review, listing the pros and cons of staying in our historic hostelry. It must be the holidaze but where-ever you go, there your are, or something like that said better by Tich Nat Han or was it Echard Tolle or maybe Georg Feurstein. We tightened up the loose fan and are replacing our mattresses this off season, a truck full of them just arrived yesterday. We love intelligent people like yourself who do a little research before choosing us. They are rewarded by one of the best values in town and a unique travel experience. We like to think of our inn as an opportunity to stay in a bit of living history, surrounded by art and artifacts from a bygone era of clipper ships, that set a record from NY to SFO in a mere 92 days. The three masted schooner Balcutha is berthed a few blocks away at the Hyde Street Historic Pier a national monument, along with other historic vessels that plied the seas and the bay like a ferry boat with vintage cars on it.So have a great New Year and hurry back, they just reopened the GG Bridge after installing a new movable barrier on it and the new approaches to it are coming along with the new tunnels. This innkeeper has to go remove the Christmas tree now, check the drains in our shared showers and replenish the heated towel racks. Cheers,P.S. Catch the new flick BIG EYES with Amy Adams playing the artist Margaret Keene. Nine of our hotel's car collection are featured in it, look for our red '55 T-Bird, Much of the movie was shot in our neighborhood. Her original gallery was upstairs on Broadway near Enricos and she has a new gallery near the Wharf, that's open on occasion. If there are any car guys or gals, ask for a tour of our 1917 stable next door to see some of our vintage vehicles and some of our later faster track cars.
This little hotel offers one of the most relaxing atmospheres I've experienced, without the cost or the high end attitudes. The staff were so very helpful and friendly. We arrived early, and they had a secure area to store our bags and maps waiting at the front along with cucumber infused water and fresh coffee. While this is not like the usual Hilton style, I prefer this setting to any large chain hotel. The location was absolutely perfect....just a couple blocks from Little Italy and China Town, restaurants, the wharf, etc. Love it! Thank you San Remo!!!!
This was our second visit to The San Remo. For us, it's the perfect place to stay in San Francisco. The hotel is just a few minute walk from Pier 39 for shopping and restaurants. It's also only minutes away from any tour you'd like to take, whether you want to catch a boat to Alcatraz or ride a Segway on Lombard St. When you return from a tiring day of sightseeing, there are refreshments in the lobby! Coffee, tea and ice water along with an assortment of sweets are complimentary, as are the massage chairs on each floor. Downstairs is the oldest Italian restaurant in the U.S. The Fior d'talia is a delicious place for dinner and has a great jazz band on Wednesday nights. The staff at the San Remo are friendly and helpful and always smiling. Don't let the fact that the washrooms are down the hall dissuade you from staying here, they are spotlessly clean and we never had to wait for a shower. The towels are even warmed for you!
Lovely decor, lots of wood, lots of plants. Very romantic. The hotel is extremely well kept and spotlessly clean. However, the rooms are minuscule, the beds are small, the walls are thin and the floors crack. The location is very touristic (Fisherman's wharf). Still, it's a wonderful place and a great value.
Your first difficulty if you drive to this location is going to be parking. Expect to pay up to 16.50 a day to park your car 2 blocks away at a parking garage. Once you get to the hotel you will need to climb 18 very steep stairs to get to the check in desk. No elevator. The staff are all very welcoming and helpful. Some of the rooms have windows that open into the hallway. I am sure that this may be quaint for some, but a huge privacy issue for others even if there is a blind that you can pull down. There are shared bathrooms (2 total) and you may be sharing it with 20 + other people. 2 showers are also shared. Not a lot of privacy. If your neighbors are loud, you will hear every single thing that is going on in the room next to you. The location is great with really everything within walking distance. Over all, this is an over priced hostel.Dear teasippinglou,Thank you for the nice comments about our location, cleanliness, and staff. Were sorry that there were some points that you did not meet with your approval. Bringing a car to San Francisco and parking it can be an expensive proposition. We advise guests to leave their cars at home, but we welcome those on a road trip and love them ourselves. Our rate for overnight parking is one of the best values in San Francisco. By comparison the hotel directly across from where we send our guests to park charges 45 per night and we charge only 16. Nob Hill hotels charge 60 per night and downtown hotels charge 62. So we feel our parking rate is very modest and a true value in keeping with our budget prices geared towards value-oriented travelers.The San Remo was built in 1906 and had no elevator. If anyone needs help with their baggage we would gladly bring their luggage up the one flight. The San Remo is only three stories high, is fully sprinkler-equipped, and is not required to have an elevator. Our stairs are up to code and are well lit. Were sorry that you missed some of our other bathing facilities but there are seven showers and a vintage claw-foot bathtub. They are all fully private and there is seldom any wait to use them. We are an historic Victorian hotel and not a hostel, although we are popular with backpackers looking for some comfort at a reasonable price. As far as our rates, we are well below the average for San Francisco. Rates within one block of our hotels great location range from 200 to 489. We have not had any complaints about privacy of our inside corridor rooms. They all have lace curtains and window shades. As far as noise, our walls are as thick as most other hotels, but due to the fact that we have no televisions which create a white-noise effect you may hear sounds that would normally be drowned out by them. We do provide ear plugs if needed.We hope you give us another try on your next trip from Alaska. When you return could you please say hello to Santa Claus for usTom Field
Nice little hotel full of character, in a great location - ideal for exploring Fisherman's Wharf.Despite the shared bathroom facilities I never had to queue, however did worry about taking too long in the shower! Room was a bit of a squeeze, with limited privacy as our two windows were internal. Free tea/coffee/chilled water available for free. Two cable car turn-arounds close by so well connected to Downtown and Union square. Ghirardelli Square in walking distance and plenty bars located around about. All in all, good value for money - would recommend for first time visitors to San Francisco!We are very glad to hear that you enjoyed your trip to San Francisco. No matter if this is your first time or you've been here many times, we want our guests to have a good experience.San Francisco is a city that constantly offers new and exciting things to its visitors and inhabitants, but it is expensive, we offer affordable lodging in a magnificent location.Thank you for choosing the San Remo Hotel and staying with us.
Located between Fishermans Wharf and North Beach in a real neighbor hood with cafs and great restaurants , this is a ideal location for walking around and discovering SanFranciscos charm. Cute small tidy rooms. Beautiful Victorian furnishings.
I decided to give the San Remo 5 stars because what they do, they do very well. It is absolutely charming, the folks at the desk are very helpful and friendly, and the whole atmosphere is welcoming, homey, with some nice touches. Mini raisin boxes and mini soaps from Chinatown in the rooms lemon water, coffee and tea in the lobby books and guides for your perusal and a fantastic location are all nice features. On the downside, just so you know what you are getting into, the bathrooms and shower rooms don't have a sink so you are washing your hands in the corridor. Speaking of corridors, they are tiny and narrow, and if you have a thoughtless, noisy neighbor who talks loudly, you will not have peace. The rooms are very small. That said, I would absolutely stay here again next time I am in San Francisco. The area around Washington Square is charming, there are some terrific restaurants, including Mama's for breakfast, nearby, and you can walk to the Marina district or SOMA easily.
The hotel is in an italian neighborhood and is ideally located, on Mason between Chesnut and Francisco which is a short walk from the Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 39.This is a budget hotel and the rooms are tiny, there is barely enough space for 2 people and you may not even have enough space to open a bigger suitcase unless you place it on the mattress!! For the price I think it's a good buy considering the location. There is a sink in the room although the bathrooms and showers are shared.There is no sound insulation, there was a couple talking about getting married soon in the next room and I could've taken notes if I wanted to :DPositives: Excellent location, cute atmosphere, clean rooms and bathrooms.Negatives: Tiny room, no soundproofing whatsoever, so you can hear everything from everywhere, although I found it quiet after 12am., shared bathroom can be busy in the morning.
The rooms are small but cozy. Very well located to many tourist locations including Pier 39 and Lombard street. Hopefully you aren't a light sleeper, though, since the walls are made of paper (not even cardboard). You can hear every little conversation. A white noise app or making use of the ear plugs provided are a must.Thank you for your review. We are glad that you enjoyed our location and cozy rooms.Our goal is to please and each one of our guests. We have made every attempt to preserve the design and integrity of the building architecture as it was built in 1906. The original plaster walls are still in place and have been wall-papered. We always appreciate our guest feedback, and we will strive to improve.It will be a pleasure for us to welcome you back at our San Remo Hotel.
Super clean, plenty of parking, safe and quiet. The big minus: Breakfast at 7:00 is too late for me. About 6:30 guys
Stayed here last year and found it great. This year not so much. Had a very disturbing thing happen when we returned to room after a day out our room door was not locked. Closed but not latched. All our belongings were in there. Apparently housekeeping did not close the door tightly. Anyone could have stolen us blind. Management offered... More
The furniture in the rooms was so old that it was kind of fun and retro. (My friend thought it was depressing. ) The hot tub was very, very nice. The rooms and the bathrooms were a nice size. There was a walkway on the second floor that had noisy tile or cement and people would drag their roller bags... More
This is very close to the airport - only reason we chose it. It was very noisy and the rooms were outdated. However they did appear to be clean. Not sure why they charge you a parking fee but they do. The continental breakfast is as exactly what you would expect. It worked for us but probably would not stay... More
I got to this hotel late at night and checked in. I went to my room and shortly after falling asleep I was awoken by a loud noise and my room shaking, I thought it was an earthquake but then realized there was a train passing right next to my room. I also noticed when I woke up that it... More
It's a large and clean room so quite comfortable to stay over night. But there was a thing that bothered me too much NOISE. You can hear from the train (near by, running late and early), and the door next room keeps bothering us with door shutting hard. We would be more appreciated if we're arranged different room and corner.... More
Right next to the Metro trains, so can be noisy for those rooms facing the tracks. Decent accommodations for the price, ample hot breakfast, free shuttle to SFO, but parking is 6 plus tax, and 35 for those parking their car while flying. Nice linens and bedding. This is where we stay when visiting San Francisco, but we avoid commuting... More
This was a good hotel for a quick overnight trip. We were bummed the pool closed so early. Really would have liked to cool down after dinner. Didn't have time to use any of the other facilities. A beer at the lobby bar was crazy overpriced. The additional 40 resort fee is ridiculous. The valet/bell staff went above and beyond... More
The hotel has cool memorabilia, and It looks nice, the staff is very attentive. However there was very little happening. I saw maybe 15 other people the whole time was there. They charged me a 40 resort fee. I'm not sure what it was for. The pool isn't very big and it's only 3 feet deep. The drinks were 10.... More
Stopped here on our way home from Northern California. Pleasant older couple runs this place, no frills, but very clean and close to downtown SLO. Coffee and doughnuts in the morning when we checked out! Overall great experience.
Clean reasonable place to stay.We payed around 70 per night. Free wifi, free parking, free microwave and refrigerator. No Frills, place needs a little upgrade, but ok for the price we paid and booked it at last minute.
Stayed here last night for an overnight stay. I was pretty pleased. I have never stayed at a Best Western and was pleasantly surprised. This is an older hotel with sort of a motel feel but it was fine for an overnight stay. The room was immaculately clean and neat. Also Diana in reception was awesome. So nice and gave... More
I have been staying at this hotel 2-3 days a week for two years now (Long distance commuter). The staff is easy to work with and the Owner goes out of his way to make sure everything is fine. Recently they have been remodeling the rooms and they take customers suggestions to heart. The work is done with a high... More
It is a decent motel in a very expensive location, the prices might go up on the weekdays but still end up getting a pretty nice deal. The manager is very welcoming and friendly staff. Will come back in near future.
Hotel Rex was a disappointment, The literary theme (basically a small bookshelf in the lobby) is a thin effort to excuse the rundown decor. The rooms are small and dark. The floor in my room was lopsided so one bureau door kept swinging open and one kept swinging shut. The TV was mounted crookedly on the wall. The bed and bathroom were clean, the sheets were nice, and the reception people were friendly though it looked as if they had just woken up and had slept in their clothes. It is in a good location. But it is overpriced for what it is. If you do stay here, park in the lot on Jones St.
We have stayed here twice when visiting San Francisco, as well as in larger hotels. The location near Union Square is exceptional, the staff are helpful and the restaurant is great, both for breakfast and dinner. Rooms aren't huge, but they're big enough. The only real negative is that the street is busy, so it can be a little noisy.
I stayed at the Rex in New Year's Eve . The room was nice, clean confortable , facing Sutter Street on the 6th floor, with a fantastic bed (see picture). I had dinner at The Rex , the food was ok although it took a while to be served. Before dinner there was live music in the hall (jazz) which was rather cool. This hotel is all about location and it's staff. The staff was amazing, friendly and made one feel very welcome. Union Square is round the corner , as well as Cable cars ( corner of Powel Sutter ). I had breakfast at Loris, it was great (check picture) . Good inexpensive food, free wireless ... can highly recommend it.I would have no problem at all to return to the Rex on my next trip to San Francisco .
This hotel has a good location if you want to walk around the area and the price when I booked was okay. Here are the pros and cons:Pros:Breakfast was good for the price and they were able to make a few adjustments for me which was appreciated. Wifi was strong and easy to connect to - not free though. Location was good for walking around the areaCons:The staff was obviously just there to collect a pay check and really didn't seem that happy about itThey charge you a fee when you check in that you have to accept that includes access to a paper, wifi, and some other basic things. It was 21 and stating the hotel has free wifi but then making you pay a fee to cover it is not transparent.The room was in pretty poor shape, paint was chipped in the door frames and tiles/sink were cracked in the bathroom. I know the hotel is old, but it felt neglected.
Lovely, quaint place with old world furniture and a super comfortable bed. The staff were all friendly and fun as well as helpful. The lobby bar is full of ambience and between 5 and 6 pm many guests enjoy a drink together. It was kind of like being in a neighbourhood watering hole -- easy going and warm. Great location!
Room was smelly and dark Bathroom was shocking was not that clean Furniture was of poor quality with the whole hotel Was really surprised at how horrible the rooms were...no point in complaining as too many things wrong
This is a very good hotel, only a block from Union Square. The room I stayed in (706) on the 7th floor was extremely comfortable and quite. The bar area was pleasant and the staff helpful and courteous.I would not hesitate recommending this hotel to others!
We enjoyed our stay. It's comfortable, clean, very friendly and helpful staff. We had Valet Parking on arrival and a welcome glass of wine in the library bar (and there was a complementary glass at 5pm each eve). Great place to hang out and swap stories.The location was great for all we wanted to do. Do get a comfortable pair of sketchers (there is a shop near by buy one get second half price) as you will be walking up and down hills a lot! The air conditioning in our room 709 was a bit noisy so I was glad we did not need it much. You get a faint hum of the San Francisco sound at night which I loved and was not disturbing . We didn't dine in at all so can't comment on the food . So many eateries in San Fran. to choose from and loris for breakfast just down the hill a few yards on the same side has great choice and sensible price. We spent three nights here over a week end with another couple in the next room and we were able to shut the outer door and kept our own door open on occasions so great if you are with family or with close friends!Would certainly recommend staying here.
Overall I am satisfied with my 2 days stay at Hotel Rex. The location is perfect: close to everything at Union Square, China Town, etc. The lobby looks very nice. The room was reasonably clean. Given the location, the room was not too small. The stay was pleasant except the occasional noise during the day and sometimes during the night (we stayed a street-facing room at the third floor). The service was excellent. We arrived at noon, but was able to check in without any problem.
PROS:-This is a fantastic location near Union Square with easy walking distance to the Ferry Building, Financial District, SOMA, and Civic Center. -The lobby and rooms are comfortably decorated and noise was not an issue.-Front Desk will store luggage and most of the clerks are very friendlyCONS:-Valet takes at least 30 minutes-No pour it yourself wine reception, must go to the bar and request your complimentary glassDear climbandtravel,Thank you for your feedback - we do appreciate it. I'm glad to hear you enjoyed our location, comfortable setting, and a free glass of wine. It typically takes 15-20 minutes to retrieve your vehicle, but at times of high volume and heavy street traffic, it can take longer. We're constantly working with our valet company to make this process as efficient as possible, so I thank you for your comments. Please come see us again soon! Regards,Eric
Just stayed three nights in May 2013 and have following comments..1. Very nice staff, make you feel welcome2. Noisy - I guess because it is old the floors cause a LOT of noise. Guess a good idea to ask for the top floor.3. Lots of little things lacking -- not a dealbreaker but always forgot, for example, to provide utensils when ordering in-room (which I did a lot)4. No gym facilities which is a downer for me. They do offer option a block or so away but you gotta pay and convenience is gone.5. Good location though
This is my first trip to San Francisco and therefore my first - but not last- say at the Rex, I'm back here is 4 days.This hotel was recommended to me by friends and they were spot on. I arrived here mid morning after a long flight from Australia and the wonderful desk staff let me into my room early, a quiet one at the back and very comfortable, room 404. They also helped me arrange some activities.I love wine hour at the bar, a free glass of wine, a chat to the barman and a read and relax. It's been a great way to unwind each afternoon.Good bed, great pillows, clean and with character. I'm looking forward to being back on Thursday.Thanks so much for the great review. Please let me know when you return to the Rex and we will make sure you are well taken care of!-Ina
A really comfortable place to base your weekend in SF. A bit artsy and oozes character - subtly. The rooms at the back are really quiet day or night. But you're still two short blocks from Union Square. Reasonably small hotel the staff are courteous and helpful. We had dinner Friday night in the hotel bar - The Library. There was live jazz on Friday night and we discovered that about 2/3 the people in the bar were locals - who are quite friendly. Even the singer came and said hi to us after she'd finished.Powell St streetcar is half a block from the hotel, though we walked to the Pier 1 area in about 15 minutes (great farmers' market on Saturday morning). The hotel is about 5 minutes' walk from the Powell St BART station. For a cheapskate like me, that's a great airport connection. Plus, taking BART rather than a taxi saves 10lb of carbon emissions per journey. Plus it saves 20, plus it saves 30 minutes during rush hour, ...Food options abound. Lots of Thai restaurants around the corner
We've stayed here several times, but a couple things we wished we knew in advance. Service of staff is great, location is great. We took a room in back on the 6th floor. It was quiet. Rooms along the front are not! Needing improvement - the bed - I think it's old mattress and was wrapped in a zipped synthetic bag to protect the mattress I guess. It made the bed hot and sweaty. The pillows were not down and too large to actually sleep on w/o hurting your neck. We asked for a lower profile pillow and they got us one. The A/C unit sticks out the window and is very noisy - so we ran it before we went to bed to cool the room down. There is a small empty refrigerator in the room which we always like, but didn't know it would be there. Bottle of water costs 7 - really
A good hotel in an excellent location near Union Square! We stayed here for four nights - the room was a good size with an adequate bathroom, both of which were cleaned everyday. Complimentary tea/coffee was available every morning but it was all gone by the time we went down at 9am the first day. That was a minor issue as we were up and out early the rest of time.
My wife and I had a very pleasant stay at this nice boutique hotel in Union Square. The minute you walk in the lobby, you escape from the hustle bustle of Union Square. The lobby is very cozy. The staff are very friendly and accommodating. Unfortunately, the elevator was being renovated. But everything else was perfect! The wine reception at night, the comfortable bed, the free wireless in our guestroom, and the nice people that work there make it a great hotel to stay at. We shall return!
We live in San Francisco and had the pleasure of staying here for 2 nights just to act like tourists. Room was great and very clean. Bar scene is fun. All personnel were excellent. Close to Union Square so walking distance of city center.
The hotel itself is pretty nice, with a cool bar downstairs and a lovely staff. The building is quite old and the elevator was extremely small, so for people with claustrophobia it will be very difficult. When we approached the room we smelled a very odd and a bit gross smell, almost like urine. We where told that we where going to get a more spacious and bigger room, but when we saw the room i did wonder what a normal room would look like, because it was not big. There was a lot of dust on the floor and it almost looked like it had not been cleaned properly! We found black hair in the shower and it did not look appealing to take a shower. The next day when we came back to the room later, the dust and the hair was gone... the air condition was very load and where put right next to the bed near the window, so the person lying there would have trouble sleeping at night. The hotel is very close to union square and it took only a couple of minutes to walk. The staff was helpful and nice, which we appreciated a lot! The library bar near the lobby was very cool and the music there was amazing!Hotel Rex was very expensive! But I guess that is the price in san franscico, especially for a hotel near the union square..Hello651, thank you so much for staying with us and kind words about our staff. I do invite you to come back in January as we are going through a full renovation. Cheers and safe travels.
I try to stay at Rex Hotel whenever I am in San Francisco for business, which is every few months. The hotel definitely has character. The location is hard to beat as well. Since San Francisco is not densely populated, I recommend staying in Union Square area since it is always lively even late in the evening. On the other hand hotels towards Tenderloin area would not be a good choice if you like to take a walk around. Rex Hotel is on Sutter Street which is close enough to Union Square but far enough from Tenderloin.I like to order breakfast in my room. It also serves as a wake up call. Wireless internet in the room works decent enough. Did not slow down during the evening where many people connect to it.I only stayed as single person in their room. For a couple maybe ask for a large room as their rooms are not very big.
Had pre-paid for 4 nights, otherwise would have checked out. The room wasn't the cleanest. Bed was soft and uncomfortable. Staff generally nice but not much help with respect to tourism activities other than bus tours. They were busy all of the time we were there, perhaps they need to hire some more people.
My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Rex for our honeymoon and recently returned to celebrate our 10th anniversary! This adorable boutique hotel was even more lovely and inviting than I remembered it. The location is so convenient, and we looked forward to returning to the Library Bar every night for our complimentary glass of wine. The staff is extremely friendly, and they can offer lots of good recommendations for dining, sightseeing, etc. I cannot imagine going to San Francisco and staying anywhere else.Dear Amy S,Thank you so much for taking the time to complete a review on Tripadvisor about your stay at the Hotel Rex. As General Manager of the Hotel Rex Im very pleased with your positive feedback. I will make sure to share your comments with the entire staff. Receiving reviews like yours is of immense value and really what we are striving to accomplish each day. Again, thank you for your comments. I look forward to welcoming you back when you travel to San Francisco again.Kindest regards, Lorenz MaurerGeneral Manager Tel. 415 217 4023lmaurerjdvhotels.com
We had a very pleasant stay at this character hotel. The rooms were not large and the air conditioner was old and a bit noisy, but the this aside the room was clean and comfortable and the hotel reception staff were friendly and ver helpful.
Imagine cozying up with your favorite book, if your favorite book was a hotel. The concept is brilliant, the execution is very old soul and warm. Intimate and human ... soooo welcoming. The staff has been consistent for years ... which speaks volumes, and each member her/his own encyclopedia of local treasures. An inspiring and inspired haven.Dear Pete:Thank you so much for the great review. Hope you can return soon and experience one of our book launches or reading.all the best,Ina'
We stayed here on the start of our 3 week road trip across california and after a long flight from the uk this hotel was just perfect. We arrived after getting the Bart from the airport to union square then walking a couple of blocks to hotel at around 5.15 and was checked into our room straight away by very nice and helpful staff the porter guy took our bags for us and showed us to our room and mentioned the wine hour in the bat that goes on every night 5-6 pm which was great. The room was comfy and big enough for us with a good shower. Our view wasn't the best but it didn't really bother us a we were only using room to crash at night after adventuring around. Noise from outside was fine too. Could sleep perfectly well. The food in the restaurant looked good we had breakfast one morning which was tasty and priced well. Hotel is in a great location for shopping and sightseeing catching the trams to fisherman's wharf just perfect stay to our trip with everyone we can across to be friendly and helpful. Will definitely be back when in San Francisco again. JimmyD23,Wow - 3 weeks across California! Sounds like a great trip. Thank you for stopping by the Rex during this adventure. I'm glad to hear you took advantage of our complimentary wine hour - we think it's important make our guests feel at home. Until next time! Eric
My flight was delayed and I arrived late into San Francisco.As the reservation had been made by our corporate travel agent I asked to add my Joy of Life club number. The somewhat unfriendly front desk agent informed me I couldn't do this as only online reservations were eligible. I took the elevator to to 4th floor to find I had been assigned a room facing Bush street on the 4th floor. The main issue was it was opposite the stairs and elevator, which meant lots of noise. I returned to the front desk but was informed they could not change rooms as they were sold out. Needless to say I didn't get the best nights sleep.I travel to San Francisco several times a year but will not be staying at the Rex or any other Joie de Vivre properties.Dear Nick,Thank you for taking the time and post a review about your stay at the Hotel Rex on Tripadvisor. I'm truly sorry that we were not able to find a room to your liking. I can assure you that it is our highest priority to train our staff so that can provide excellent service - something we obviously failed to do during your stay.We genuinely value the feedback our guests provide both when we get it right and when we fail to do so as it is extremely helpful for us to discover areas in which we need to improve our service and operations.Please do not hesitate to contact me directly if you wish to discuss this further.Kindest regards,Lorenz MaurerGeneral ManagerHotel Rexlmaurerjdhvotels.com415 217 4023
Our first visit to the USA started at this lovely hotel. The staff were so helpful , courteous friendly. The rooms are a little on the small side, but have everything you need. The staff were more than willing to give us pointers as to places we should see. The cafe for breakfast was good, as were the evening meals in the bar.
My friend and I spent 6 nights at the Hotel Rex while attending a conference at the Moscone Center, and it is by far the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in. It's basically how I envision my fantasy home: literary references everywhere, warm and eclectic colour scheme, coffee every morning and wine (one glass free for guests!) every evening, and live jazz music once a week. I am in love with this place. The location is wonderful, too, just a few blocks from Union Square and 15 minutes walk to the conference centre. I do have to say thank goodness for conference rates, because as lovely as the Rex is, I still can't imagine paying 360/night for a hotel (but I'm a poor grad student, so take that as you will).
Management has ceased to care. This hotel is run down and how dare them advertise it as a spa/resort. I could go on and on about all the negatives but the worst of the worse was waking up with over forty bed bug bites. Do not stay here. No management on duty to report this detrimental health issue.
Worst experience ever which says a lot considering how much we travel. To start, they did not have the room we booked were guaranteed (1King bed) so we were given a room with two beds so small, my husband and I had to sleep in separate beds. But no big deal as we were checking in late and just... More
This hotel is very basic, but I can't help but love it. Granzella's is small, locally operated hotel and restaurant, they are pet-friendly and warm and welcoming. We've stayed here a couple of times over the years, and they welcome you back like they remember you. The best thing about staying here is the Granzella's deli. The have the best... More
Don't expect alot from this property! Room's are not kept up, hole in bathroom door, security latch on main door missing, carpet needs cleaning or replacement. As with many chain hotels, there is an entry door that you use your room key to open, however...MoreDear Carol, We apologize for not meeting your expectations and appreciate the feedback. We have shared your concerns with Breakfast attendant to ensure this doesn't occur again. We hope to have another opportunity to welcome you back. Regards, Management
Stayed here for one night Nov 2017 after visiting Joshua Tree National Park. The motel is about a 10 minute drive to the Joshua Tree visitor centre, whilst a 10 minute drive in the opposite direction will take you to Yucca Valley where there are...More
I stay because it's the cheapest in the area, while still being tolerable. You gotta go to Motel 6 in 29 Palms to maybe get a lower rate. Beds are comfortable. Carpets can be a little dirty. Smells are never a problem. Noise is low....More
We have stayed here several times when visiting family in the South Bay. It is convenient to where we need to go. Only it is not pet friendly. Wish it was. The ticket needed for breakfast is a bother. I feel it is unnecessary.Thank you for the five-star review. We appreciate the feedback and hope you'll come back and see us again soon! Best, Jon Front Office Manager
We love staying at this hotel when we are in southern CA. The hotel appearance, amenities, and staff are a true value with the cost of the nightly rates being so reasonable. Their breakfast is also spectacular for a complimentary hotel breakfast. Would highly recommend!
Very cozy little spot and the staff is Wonderful. Definitely recommend for an intimate chat. Nice and quiet with very comfortable seating.
This was conveniently located near all the sights. The rooms were clean comfortable. Like many hotels of this era it could use some updating for more outlets for electronics. An outlet at the nightstands would be helpful for using your laptop on the bed. This could be easily remedied with a light fixture w/ an outlet in itDear arlynnh543,Thank you for taking the time to write a review for our Property Best Western Cabrillo Garden Inn. We value your comments and suggestions for us to know where we fall short and it gives us the opportunity to improve and provide an excellent service.Again, thank you and hope to see you on your next visit to San Diego.Best!YChen
Extremely friendly staff and the rooms were clean and cozy. The hotel was in the perfect location for us, walking distance from Petco Park and Gaslamp and only a mile drive from the zoo. Breakfast had a good selection and everything tasted great!Hi 554lklu,Our entire team greatly appreciate your feedback about your recent stay at our property Best Western Cabrllo Garden Inn. We are glad to know that you had a wonderful stay. We hope to see you again on your next visit to San Diego.Best!YChen
Driving into the small parking lot of the hotel, I wasn't sure what to expect. It looked like they really tried to give a garden feel to it with hanging succulents and different plants all around. I arrived at 11, too early to check in but they let me park in their lot for the 15 (wish it were included),. The parking area is small but backing in helps. I have a Jeep Cherokee and had no problems. The room was small but clean and cute. I was there for a bachelorette party and fake diamond rings were hidden around the room, so I can attest to the cleanliness since 9 girls looked for rings in almost every inch of the room. One downside of the hotel was being woken up a couple different times by sirens and honking but it is the downtown area. Breakfast was very nice- pancakes, sausages, eggs, different breads and muffins, cereal, yogurt, granola, fruit, almond milk, teas and coffee. There was a waffle maker but I didn't see batter. The woman working in the breakfast area was very efficient and helpful. They had a nice little seating area outside and tables and seats outside some of the rooms. The hotel was walking distance to everything we did, maybe a 10 min walk. I would stay again. Hi Ms Ana N,Our entire team at Best Western Cabrillo Garden Inn would like to thank you for staying at our property. It felt good knowing that you had a wonderful and pleasant stay. We look forward for your next visit to San Diego.Best!YChen
We stayed at this gem of a hotel for 3 nights pre-cruise. It is a small 2 storey garden oasis surrounded by high-rise towers. The staff were very friendly, the room was quiet and clean and a reasonable size, the bathroom small but perfectly fine.The breakfast was much better than I expected - cereal and pastries, fruit, juice, and always something hot - bacon, sausage, pancakes, scrambled eggs, hash browns. It could be eaten in the small lobby, outside at a table, or taken to your room.It was a good price and within easy walking distance of all that San Diego has to offer, which is much!
I like this hotel because it is very quiet and their beds are very comfortable which provides a good night sleep. On a business trip I always need a reliable intetnet connection and Best Western Hotels provide a reliable internet connection.Hi Mr. Juan, We are happy to know that you had a wonderful experience at our property. We appreciate your feedback and we hope to see you again.
Hotel room small and had a showere curtain in place of a closet door. Paking very cramped. Room was ok beds were very Comfortable. The night we stayed was very noisy. It is walking distance from all places in th Gaslamp District. it was 15 bucks to park.Dear Raymond, Thank you for your recent review. We appreciate your comments and we are using them constructively to better our business.Thank you again for your comments and we hope you will give us the opportunity to accommodate you again in the future.YChenGeneral ManagerBest Western Plus Cabrillo Garden Inn
Good value for the money. I always stay here when in downtown San Diego. Most other hotels are either fully booked or way too expensive. Keep in mind this is a Best Western, don't expect the Ritz Carlton...Dear Jeff P,We appreciate your business and your review regarding your stay at the Best Western Cabrillo Garden Inn San Diego.Thank you again for staying at our hotel and we are looking forward to have you as our guest in the future.Y ChenGeneral Manager
This little hotel was a fabulous find. nestled in between towering high rises this cute hotel offered a beautiful scape of suculants and palms customary to the area. A lush oasis in the concrete jungle with a gazebo on top to catch the color change of the sunrise (too bad there's a McDonalds sign there) Very clean, well managed with a good breakfast. A bit of a walk through the vagrant village to get to the Gas Lamp District though.Dear Patricia D, Thank you for taking the time to share your recent experience. I am pleased to know that you enjoyed your stay at our property and we are looking forward to have you as our guest in the future.Y ChenGeneral Manager
Convenient location for access to the highway, airport, and within walking distance to the Gaslamp Quarter for a night out. Rooms were clean, breakfast offered good variety, and the rooftop garden is a particularly nice touch in the middle of downtown. The only reason I wouldn't tell someone to book this hotel was if they disliked hotels with rooms open to the outside. The parking lot, while convenient, was sometimes a tight fit.Dear Lauren H, Thank you for your comments regarding your stay at our property Best Western Cabrillo Garden Inn.We are glad that you have enjoyed the rooms as well as the hotels location and we hope to see you back soon.Y ChenGeneral Manager
My stay at the Cabrillo Garden Inn began with very good assistance at check in. My room on the lower floor was good for access and such but being in the corner of the motel resulted in a lack of exterior light and noise from above on the first night. The front desk staff assisted me with moving to an upper level room with an additional window and a king size bed, thank you! The breakfast was great and relaxing on the upper roof level lounge was very cool.Dear Bill S, Thank you for sharing your comments regarding your stay at the Best Western Plus Cabrillo Garden Inn.We hope to welcome you back again soon!Y Chen General ManagerBest Western Plus Cabrillo Garden Inn
room to small, smelly beds are to small front desk people to blunt, poor breakfast for the price that i Payed 217US before tax i found a small insect in the bathroom very tiny bathroom, very tiny place overall for the price that i PayedDear Gianfranco N, We are apologizing again in regards to your experience at our property.Your satisfaction is important to us and we will be using the feedback you gave us to implement improvements to ensure we offer a better experience for guests in the future.Thank you.Y Chen General ManagerBest Western Cabrillo Garden Inn
Quiet at night even though in downtown. Lovely exterior look. Comfortable room with outside table and chairs. Great breakfast. Great central location. Room well appointed and comfortable. Friendly and helpful staff.. Easy to find.Dear Terri M, Thank you for taking the time to share your experience staying at Best Western Cabrillo Garden Inn.We are happy that you have enjoyed your stay at our property and we are looking forward to see you next time.Y Chen General ManagerBest Western Cabrillo Garden Inn
Staff was friendly and responsive. I asked for directions one time and the check-in lady was overly-helpful. The continental breakfast in the morning was not your crappy bread and fruit breakfast. They actually had eggs, bacon/sausage and other good foods. We were pleasantly surprised. The location was very close to the Gaslamp. A little bit of a walk, but not bad at all. The rooms were small...I would say a little too small for the price.Would try to find somewhere else next time...for the same price, but would resort to the Cabrillo Inn, if necessary.
Unaware of my grand kids new home location I booked Cabrillo Inn. Excellent mistake! Sweet people, good night sleep. Staff helped book a Best Western closer to family location, carried my luggage, and called a taxi. Wonderful, comfortable experience.Dear Jean O, We are glad to hear about your Excellent mistake and we are hoping to stay at our property Best Western Cabrillo Garden Inn as a guest in the near future. Thank you. Y Chen General Manager
We were in town for a conference and were looking for an affordable place to stay. The Best Western Cabrillo was an excellent choice. The rooms were nice, the continental breakfast was helpful, and the staff was very courteous. I would stay there again.Dear Dave D, Thank you for choosing to stay at the Best Western Cabrillo Garden Inn and for taking the time to share your experience you had at our property. We are appreciating your comments and we hope to have you as our guest in the near future.Y ChenGeneral Manager
Excelente estancia de 3 dias con mi familia. Cerca de las estaciones del servicio de metro (Trolller). La primera impresion del rumbo no es agradable si llegas de noche pero en realidad te puedes mover sin riesgos en la zona. Muy amable todo el personal con quienes tuvimos trato y una atencion especial de las personas que bnos atendieron en los desayunos.
Had a four night stay at the Cabrillo in early May 2010. The room was extremely clean, so much so that we had to keep the windows open to let the cleaning fragrance escape! I guess you should never complain about a place being too clean. The room included a complimentary hot breakfast but did not include parking. The hotel was a bit away from San Diegos centre but it was definitely within walking distance for us. If not for others, the trolley and bus stop is only a block away. The staff member at the front desk was very helpful with information regarding maps, transport, food and places to steer clear from. The nightly rate was 150USD, maybe a little pricey for what we got but we enjoyed the stay overall. We were there to see San Diego after all, not the four walls of the Best Western. Still, I would recommend this hotel if you didnt mind being just out of the very centre of the city.
If you have to stay downtown San Diego, this is a nice, not too expensive place. It's easy to get to the Zoo and Balboa Park without having to fight the I-5 traffic. The place is cute, but modest, not sure it qualifies as a Plus.Dear Hwa-Chun L, Thank you for your comments regarding your stay at Best Western Plus Garden Inn.Our property qualifies to be a Best Western Plus based on the room dcor, amenities as well as the hotel location.Thank you again for your feedback and we are looking forward having you as a guest at our property in the near future.Y Chen General ManagerBest Western Plus Cabrillo Garden Inn
It's a decent Best Western, don't know how it got the PLUS rating though. It is typical of a BW motel. two story in middle of downtown full of highrises, In a semi decent neighborhood. Staff are EXCELLENT! They really go out of their way.Dear Earnest A, Thank you for sharing your feedback in regards to your stay at the Best Western Plus Cabrillo Garden Inn. We are happy that our staff made your stay more comfortable and we hope you will be staying with us again soon.Y ChenGeneral Manager
Our stay at the Best Western Plus Cabrillo Garden Inn was absolutely wonderful. The staff was helpful and welcoming right from check-in. The walked us through a map of San Diego including places to visit, eat, and where to walk. Our room was very clean and well presented when we walked in, and it was continued to be well kept over our week of stay. The terrace was also a wonderful place to enjoy a class of wine and conversation with friends. Overall, our stay in San Diego was great, and the staff at the Cabrillo Garden Inn made it all possible!Dear Katie S, Thank you for your kind comments regarding your stay at Best Western Plus Cabrillo Garden Inn. We are pleased to know that you enjoyed your stay at our property and that you loved the accommodation, our friendly staff and convenient location. We hope to see you again in the near future.Y ChenGeneral Manager
If you are looking for something fancy Cabrillo Garden Inn is not for you. However its convenient location, nice, accommodating staff and tastefully decorated rooms left a pleasant impression with us. We will stay there again!Dear Lookingtosee,Our entire Team at Best Western Cabrillo Garden Inn would like to thank you for the wonderful reviews on our Property. We're glad to know that we provided excellent service on your recent stay. We are looking forward on your next visit to our Property. Best!YChen
Little but comfortable rooms. Service (especially Carlos) is really greate!!! Breakfast is good but not more. Breakfast room is small, so when everybody is comeing it could be crowded, but there is more tables on the outside.Dear Roberto C, Thank you for sharing your stay experience at the Best Western Cabrillo Garden Inn. We appreciate your feedback and looking forward to have you back as our guest. Sincerely, Y Chen General Manager
Surrounded by new urban buildings, this hotel/motel is a diamond in the rough. The exterior is clean, quaint, and the grounds are lush with flowers and shrubs in the small space the hotel occupies. Our room was clean and bathroom has been updated with modern fixtures. The room, including the bathroom, is very small with little room to spread out. I wasn't impressed with the mattress. It seemed to be either old or poor quality...maybe both. The included breakfast wasn't fancy or abundant with choices but the quality of the items provided was very good. All in all this hotel is very clean and the employees we encountered were very nice. Price was right for location, quality, and amenities.Hi fadedbjulejeans,Our entire team would like to thank you for staying at our property. We apologized for not exceeding your expectations. We will use your reviews for us to improve on those areas. We hope you consider staying with us again.
I had a great 5 nights stay in the hotel. The staff was amazing and helped me with everything I needed. The rooms are clean and modern. I will defiantly come back on my next business trips to the area.Thank you for connecting with us. We are honored you chose our hotel and thrilled we were able to offer you our premium accommodations. We look forward to your next visit.
our family of eight travel between San Diego and Canada each summer and try to stay in comfort suites when possible. This is our first stay here and certainly did not disappoint. On the road for several hours I handed my credit card and driver,s license to Kenisha and she directed me to bathroom. When I returned she had everything... More
My mom and I hadn't been to Bakersfield in over 20yrs we had a blast. Our room was amazing and fresh all the time, front desk staff was amazing along with the housekeeping staff and especially the breakfast attendant. My deepest condolences to the GM on the loss of a family memeber. We had one issue at check in but... More
there are two people to look for at this marriott roseville tyler and jamie are thew best service minded gentalmen ive met i hope all can expieriance there smiles an service if you ever need anything there always rite on the spot injoy
Friendly staff, clean room and total facility, centrally located, five minutes from Galleria Mall, five minutes to 10 good places to eat in a wide price range, water park nearby, minimal Resturant in the hotel and three places to eat that you can walk t including Tahoe Joes
This is our favorite place to stay near Redding CA. Large, comfortable rooms with wonderful grounds. Pleasant staff and reasonable cost. Includes a nice salt water pool. We often drive between Portland, OR and San Jose. We make a point of stopping here when the timing is right.
In the shadow of the redwoods and in front of a crackling fire, its hard to be dissatisfied: Boon is the antithesis of stress. Its delightfully relaxed about check-in and check-out. Dogs are not only allowed but welcomed so long as they remain as chilled out as their human companions. (Boon is, in fact, the name of the owners dog.)... More
Was really nervous about staying in a hotel for an extended amount of time but my school is close by and my degree demanded I suck it up! Sue was such a tremendous help to me and she really made sure I got everything I needed as well as gave me some great tips for my stay in SD. I... More
Brianna and Bella are awesome. I love how they welcome me and my husband to hotel and thank you for the free chips. know how to make new guest feel very welcome. And also my other friends who came to join us.Izzy, thank you for choosing us while here for your birthday celebration. We are glad to read you had a nice time here and that our staff took great care of you. We will be sure to share your compliments with the team, especially Brianna Bella. It was a pleasure to have you as our guest, and we hope to see you again soon. Sincerely,Hotel Management
The bath tub had a bad leak the AC was horrible and on top of the bad odor the room stayed stuffy. When I informed the staff they did nothing and I told them after check in and at check out. Not even an apology. I hate to be the one leaving a bad review but this was badThank you for your recent review of your stay. I am very sorry for the level of cleanliness and lack of repairs made in your room. As well, I apologize that our staff did not respond properly to your requests for assistance. In response to your comments, I am coaching our staff on how to provide better customer service moving forward. Plus, I will be working with our housekeeping and maintenance staff on how to improve our cleaning as well as repair policies so that a situation like yours is not repeated.Thank you again for providing us with your feedback. I invite you to contact me at mvlextendedstay.com if you have any additional comments. We hope that you will give us the opportunity to provide you with a better stay the next time you're in the area.
Was really nervous about staying in a hotel for an extended amount of time but my school is close by and my degree demanded I suck it up! Sue was such a tremendous help to me and she really made sure I got everything I needed as well as gave me some great tips for my stay in SD. I only wish there were more front desk agents like Sue and Darletta (hope I spelled that right). This is definitely my 1 place to stay when I'm in town. Thank you ladies! Fully loaded kitchen plus they provide dishes. Bathroom was bigger than mine at home lolI want to thank you for taking the time to post a review of your stay. I truly appreciate your comments regarding our friendly and accommodating staff. Im glad we were able to accommodate your needs with our fully equipped kitchens. The staff and I would like to thank you again for posting your review. We look forward to welcoming you back in the future!
carpets disgusting. Blood on back of front door. front desk staff was not helpful nor friendly. No housekeeping. Had to keep asking for a roll of toilet paper every day. Looks like people are living there. non-smoking room smelled musty of smoke.Please accept our sincere apologies for not living up to your expectations. We strive to provide wonderful hospitality to all of our guests, but we obviously let you down. Your feedback is of utmost value, and we will use it as a training tool to improve our performance moving forward. Please consider giving us another opportunity to restore a favorable impression of our hotel in the future.Sincerely,Hotel Management
We have stayed at several Extended Stay America properties in the past because we like the suite layout with the kitchen and it's reasonably priced. The big difference we have found at this location is the extremely friendly and helpful staff, on all of the shifts. We have family in San Diego and it's very pleasant to visit them but it's nice to be able to come back to a comfortable, clean and convenient 'place of own' in a nice centrally located area.The property and the rooms are well cared for. Looking forward to going back in April when our next granddaughter will arrive!Thank you for taking the time write a review of your stay. I'm so pleased that we are able to provide a home away from home while you are visiting relatives in San Diego. We look forward to welcoming you back in April when your granddaughter arrives! Thank you for sharing your experience with us. We look forward to welcoming you back in April!
This hotel is very poorly managed. There was never more than one young (friendly but inexperienced) employee at the front desk. I had eight rooms reserved for a group and ultimately all but two of our group moved to another hotel for a variety of reasons... couldn't get hotel door open (dead bolted from inside!), filthy corridors, smell of trash,... More
We had a wonderful time at the Estancia La Jolla. We had never stayed there before, and it was so great. As we arrived they offered us sparkling wine and water, took us to our room which was lovely, and showed us around. We took advantage of the free arrival margaritas, as low point, as I think they forgot the tequila!, but it was a nice offer. We also used the jacuzzi which was clean and nice in the evening with candles and a fire in the pool area. Everyone was super friendly, and the facilities were great, although they were being re-modeled at the time, which wasn't the best. We ate at Adobe El Restaurante for breakfast which was absolutely delightful. We would definitely recommend a visit to this charming hotel.Thank you for taking the time to write such a fantastic review. Im glad you had a chance to enjoy things like the whirlpool and breakfast in Adobe El Restaurante. You will have to come back and visit the Spa next time, it is going to look great after the enhancement project is complete in just a couple more weeks!
We only found this hotel halfway through our stay in La Jolla, and we wish we had found it sooner! A friend and I brought our teenage daughters to La Jolla in search of beach and pool time. The Estancia met all of our expectations. The grounds of the hotel are beautiful, clean and well-kept, with a sparkling pool and a relaxing whirlpool. The rooms are pretty too, with newer tile baths and even a complimentary bottle of wine! The resort was so quiet and peaceful, it felt like we had stumbled upon a well-kept secret. The hotel is situated about a 5-10 minute drive from Torry Pines State Preserve, where there is a nice broad beach for swimming and exploring. You can also take a two mile walk to Black Beach, where the surf conditions are epic. I would say the one element of our stay that was less than excellent could be the food. The poolside lunch was pretty average. But our dinner at Mustangs Burros was tastier. We much preferred this location to the hotels right in the village of La Jolla. Estancia felt more like a real getaway. We are already planning our next visit there!Thank you for taking the time to share detailed thoughts from your stay in June 2013. Your 5-star review is much appreciated! We are pleased that you not only enjoyed your overall stay at Estancia La Jolla, but also you got a chance to experience the Torrey Pines Golf Course. Again, thank you for your review. Please come back and visit us again soon!
It's hard to find a hacienda style hotel that is is as beautifully designed and styled as the Estancia. Ultra friendly staff, high quality and not over-expensive dining options in a wonderfully tranquil setting in La Jolla, San Diego. I would stay at this hotel before any other, given the choice.
I live here in Sd and love doing staycations to getaway. This is one of my favs in San Diego. Close to great shopping in La Jolla cove and UTC mall. Amazing restaurants and beaches are also nearby. Highly recommend!We truly appreciate your loyalty to Estancia La Jolla Hotel Spa. As a local, we thank you for your feedback and kind words. Thank you for taking the time to reach out on Trip Advisor.
Yikes, the majority of the staff really give off a vibe that they don't care if you enjoy your stay. We are heading back to the area next month but are not returning to this hotel. It was noisy. We could hear the peoples conversations and the TV in the room next to us. We stayed for 6 days and 2 of those days we arrived home to our room and it hadn't been cleaned and restocked. All mornings we were woken up by the cleaning staff, vaccuming the hall ways. I have stayed in many hotels, at varying price points, and this one is definately not worth it. There are also a lot of extra charges that you don't expect. You also need a vehicle to stay there, and then have to use the valet service that was 25 a day, plus tipping the guys each time. It was an expensive stay, for not being relaxing. The website is misleading.The grounds were lovely, but that is really it. We loved San Diego so will just find somewhere else to stay. I should also mention that our credit card was compromised while we stayed there so when we got home, our credit card company's called to let us know, cancelled our cards and sent new ones, we then had to contact all the our preauths and that was a bit of a mess. We just received a letter today from Destination hotels and resorts (Estancia is one of their resorts) apologizing for the violation. Sigh!
I came for a seminar which ran from Monday to Wednesday and also stayed a few extra nights to relax.The rooms and amenities were top notch. Staff was friendly and accommodating. I used the fitness center most mornings and had no trouble despite it being quite small. Unfortunately I had no time to use the spa so I cannot comment on that. I'm short, I would definitely stay here again.
Estancia is a lovely hotel with manicured grounds. The rooms are spacious and very clean. The beds were extremely comfortable. The hotel itself is a bit of a maze and the staff are not very helpful in directing you to your room. We finally found our rooms and by the end of our stay we felt we finally knew where we were going. The restaurant where breakfast was served was chaotic. You had to wait 20 to 30 minutes to be seated even though there were many empty tables. Menu prices were average for a hotel. The server couldn't seem to get the order correct and it was 45 minutes before our food arrived. Unfortunately, we were not the only customers unhappy with the service. We could hear complaints from many of the tables. The excuse was a computer problem. We would probably stay at the hotel again but we will definitely make arrangements to eat elsewhere.Thank you for choosing to stay with us and thank you for taking the time to post a review. We appreciate your feedback regarding the guest rooms and grounds, and were so happy that you enjoyed the new beds. The hotels unique layout can certainly come across as a maze at first- just remember that you actually enter the property on the third level! We apologize for your dining experience at Adobe El Restaurante and will follow up with the food and beverage team. We are happy to hear that you plan to stay with us again and we look forward to it!
My son just graduated from UCSD and I wish I had discovered this beautiful hotel earlier in his student days. It's right across the street from Muir College dorms and an easy walk to the center of campus. Expedia often has very good rates as long as you don't mind paying daily extra charge for valet. The grounds are beautifully kept really give you the feeling of being in a top-notch Mexican resort.
You will not regret your stay at La Estancia. Try it! It is an amazing property with full-on spa services and dining options! The property is so nice that you can stay here the entire time and feel relaxed and pampered :)Service is great and the hotel is clean and maintained very well.I book this hotel every year!!
My husband and I were here last weekend for our anniversary. It was our first time staying here. What a gorgeous hotel! The grounds are immaculate and the rooms are lovely. The staff were all friendly and very welcoming from the moment we arrived. Everyone we encountered from valet, check-in, to the lady who delivered our room service breakfast were all very pleasant and nice. I must mention and give thanks to Alex from security. My husband realized on our way home that he left his ipad in the room. We called and were connected to Alex and he got our phone number and said he would check the room himself and get back to us. We promptly received a call back that he found it and arranged to have it next day aired back to us. We were so happy when it arrived! We really appreciate the professionalism shown by Alex and your hotel. We will be back and will highly recommend this hotel to friends and family! Love Estancia!Thank you for taking the time to write a review and for recognizing Alex as an outstanding employee- we couldnt agree more! Im so glad that you got your iPad back safe and sound. Thank you for recommending our hotel to your friends and family. We look forwarding to welcoming them to property.
We had such a great time right after the Christmas parties and family gatherings at work, home. We had a beautiful room in the new decorated section, the food at Mustangs Burros was delicious. We enjoyed our champagne at the front desk very much:) The breakfast was delicious I had the Bread pudding which we were told by Jose that this will take a while to bake, we were fine and looked forward to the bread pudding. It was a Frittata made with Crossants ..yum.Gaby the concierge was very helpful and gave us some information for a possible wedding for our daughter. Later that evening we returned to our room to a bottle of Cabernet wine. We were very grateful to the all of the staff at the Estancia Hotel and we look forward to returning to this wounderful hotel. I almost forgot the front desk lady Erica was intuned to all of our needs, and the vallet young man made sure we had a map to our next location and gave us some water bottles for our journey. You all are very considerate. Thank you again.Thank you so much for the 5-star review and the kind comments about our wonderful staff. We are very lucky to have such a great team and will be sure to share your review with everyone. Please let us know if we can help with your daughters wedding, our Catering team is absolutely fabulous. Just give us a call when you are ready. (PS Im definitely craving the breakfast bread pudding now!)
My husband and I are staying here (We are still here, I just couldn't wait to write this review. I even created a new account on TripAdvisor because I couldn't recover mine from years ago) with our 2 year old and I am 8 months pregnant. We wanted to have a relaxing, quiet stay in La Jolla and originally heard of Estancia through JetSetter on Gilt.com I am thrilled that we chose to stay at Estancia. It is absolutely beautiful here and very tranquil. My 2 year old loves walking the grounds and everyone has been so friendly with him, even though this isn't exactly a perfect place for children. My son is very calm mannered and we thought it would be okay, especially after seeing on different review sites that they are so welcoming of families and young ones. The salt water pool feel amazing on your skin and the cabanas are very chic and well maintained. The restaurant that is open in the evenings has amazing food- upscale mexi-cale comfort food and other choices. The one time we had a real problem with a dessert being sent up to our room 45 min later than ordering it, they sent up a fresh dessert right away, took off the charge, and added about 10 more scoops of ice cream that we didn't ask for :) It was a nice touch.I am definitely coming back here- My husband loved that we were so close to Torrey Pines GC and wants to stay for golf next time. Absolutely serene. Thank you, Estancia La Jolla!!It is simply wonderful to read all about your experience with us so far! We are so happy to read we have been able to help you and your husband have such a relaxing stay and that you have experienced nothing but to top-notch customer service throughout. We are so thankful you took the time to share your stay with the Trip Advisor audience, and your kind words will certainly be shared with the entire team! We hope you continue to have a lovely time, and we can not wait to welcome you and your family back again in the future.
San Diego, being one of our favorite places, we decided to try Estancia.The hotel is tucked away off the main road, a short car ride from La Jolla, the beach, Del Mar Racing, Torrey Pines State Natural Reserve and several golf courses. I adored the lush grounds and the Spanish/Ranch style architecture. We had a lovely, sunny comfortable room overlooking the fountain courtyard which made it very peaceful. The staff was amazing, they deserve 5 Stars! They are friendly, engaging and genuinely want to make your visit a memorable experience. I'm not usually a fan of hotel restaurants, but breakfast on the veranda overlooking the courtyard was delightful and yummy. The hotel was busy the holiday week we visited, two weddings and several meetings along with resort guests like ourselves. We were concerned that it might get noisy. It was never an issue, we were not disturbed by any of the activities, we actually enjoyed the quartet playing at one of the ceremonies below in the courtyard. On Thursday, we had an interesting Landscape Tour provided by the hotel plant lady, which also gave some of the hotel history. I think it's noteworthy to mention Estancia's environmentally friendly practices, I appreciate businesses respecting our planet. I hated to leave this tranquil, enchanting environment, but can't wait to return.Dear Nina92515,Thank you for choosing to stay at Estancia and for taking the time to share your comments. We are so delighted that you were enchanted by our resort and thoroughly enjoyed your accommodations, the beautiful grounds, and the delicious cuisine here at Estancia. We are further delighted that you experienced the world-class hospitality that we strive to provide for our guests. Thank you for your excellent rating and we hope to welcome you back soon for another tranquil and enchanting getaway!
What a great find.. beautiful grounds,lots of different plants etc. The two restaurants were both very tasty and the prices were within reason..The Mustang for dinner has some nice craft brews on draft which was a plus.Complimentary coffe in the breakfast / lunch restaurant.Great relaxing pool area , staff was super friendly. Will certainly coming back soon..Thank you for taking the time to share such positive feedback with us on Trip Advisor. We are ecstatic to hear you enjoyed both Mustangs Burros and Adobe El Restaurante. We are also very pleased to hear your complements on the staff and will be sure to pass them along. We hope to have the honor of welcoming you back soon!
We stayed at the hotel for three nights at the end or our three-weeks-trip throughout California. We were contacted by the hotel a few days before check-in if we want to apply for a stand-by-upgrade to a suite. As we travelled with two teenage-girls we applied and at check-in we were able to get a suite at a quite decent price.The whole establishment very nice and tastefully set . You feel like your in a kind of Mexican or Spanish estate. Same goes for the two-room suite, the kids were sleeping on the pull-out couch in the living-room. The bathroom had an almost huge size with a shower and a bathtub. The only reason why I don't give an excellent rating was an unpleasant episode on check-in. Right after check-in I got notified by my credit-card-company that the hotel had made two bookings for this stay. One corresponded with the lodging-price and the other was about the same sum but not exactly. When we asked at the front-desk, no one could really tell us what this was about. I don't want to tell the details here, but the sum was way to high for any possible additional charges. In the end this led to the fact, that this sum was blocked on my credit card for almost ten days after check-out.Dear ziggycop,We are delighted that you chose to stay at Estancia during your recent trip through California. It is wonderful to hear that you enjoyed your suite and the unique ambiance that our resort provides. Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback and please accept our deepest apologies for the inconvenience you experienced due to the issues with your credit card. Please look for a private message from us regarding this incident. Once again, thank you for staying with Estancia. We hope to welcome you back again soon!
We had such a nice time here with our small dog. The grounds are lovely and all the employees were very nice and gave our dog attention. We also enjoyed the outdoor restaurant. The weather was a little chilly but they had heat lamps that helped.Dear K8713QHfrank, It was our pleasure to welcome you all to Estancia La Jolla. We love our four-legged guests! We're thrilled to hear you enjoyed Mustangs Burros during your stay and look forward to your return visit.
I had my wedding here in August. The staff was extra nice throughout the planning process and the wedding went better than expected. The rooms were clean, the staff was helpful, and they accommodated all of my special requests I would highly recommend this hotel to a friend!Thank you for a terrific review! We are so thrilled that we could make your special day flawless. We hope that you and your new wife visit us again for many anniversaries to come!
I just spent 3 nights at the Estancia while at a conference at UCSD. I can't comment on the location because it was perfect for me for the conference (but I have no idea if you are vacationing). I have to say that the Estancia was just amazing. The service was great the room was spacious and well equipped the mattress was really really comfortable the grounds were beautiful. I have nothing bad to say, and I really loved this hotel!It was a pleasure to welcome you as our guest for the UCSD conference. Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel. We are pleased you found our service, room, grounds and mattress to your liking! And yes, the mattresses are quite blissful! Please come back and visit us soon- perhaps for a vacation! We are indeed centrally located to many beautiful destinations and popular attractions for our vacationing travelers. Have a great rest of the weekend! Thank you again for your review.
I had a suite and was able to work in a quiet room and still enjoy the amazing property. Witness a wedding in a great location and parking is easy. Valet were very friendly and all front desk staff were VERY accommodating! They offer champers and whiskey at check in!Dear Keisha F.Thank you for taking the time to share your comments about your weekend stay with us at Estancia. We are glad that you were able to get your work done in a peaceful environment, but also enjoy a wedding on the grounds. We look forward to welcoming you back again soon!
I will say, check in was an adventure. I had read some reviews that had issues with check in and we sure had some too, but the staff more than compensated for this and I would still give full marks for the property and its people. Im going to single out Evan at the front desk and Lisa who is one of the restaurants servers. amazing service. Its nice to feel welcome in any hotel or resort, but these two staffers in particular really did make a great impression with their attention to customer service and great attitudes. It's not just the property that brings people back, it the people for sure and we will gladly return!Dear jjbozzi, Thank you for taking the time to review your experience at Estancia La Jolla. It's always a pleasure to hear when our team leaves such an impression. We will certainly share your kind words with Evan, Lisa and the rest of the Estancia staff. We look forward to welcoming you back soon.
This is by far the worst wedding vendor I've work with while planning my wedding. I'm planning my wedding in San Diego from NYC and chose Estancia as my hotel for out of town guests. BIG Mistake!!! I was initially going to hold two events here during my wedding weekend but they are being held at another hotel because of the poor service. Initially the venue was beautiful with such a luxurious pool spa. The group sales manager was responsive until the contract for the room block was signed and then it began to take a long time to return emails or phone calls. The Group event manager John never said congratulations or made me feel special. I know this property holds a lot of events but I seriously felt like a number and super unimportant. The group rate sounded like a good deal when we initially spoke. John from Estancia told me the rate was about 50 less per night than they charge in July. But my guests easily found the same room online for 50-80 per night below the contracted rate so they booked online and did not use my room block link. The room block was suppose to be a better deal for a large group. However, Estancia has a clause that if guests aren't booking rooms at the hotel the bride can be held financially responsible. My guests booked rooms at the hotel be did it not at my contracted rate since it was higher than their advertised price online. The group sales manager called me to talk about how very few of the rooms had been booked for my block. I told him that guests were booking online to get a better deal. I asked to have the online rate matched. He threatened to sue me per the contract unless guests booked under my block. Apparently it's in the contract that the Hotel Estancia's revenue goals are not met then the bride groom will be presented with a bill that if they don't pay they will immediately be sued even if the rooms are rented by other guests or if guests of the wedding make reservations outside the hotel block. How rude! I tried to get someone else or a manager of this manager but no one would help me. I called several times for a few weeks. I tried the front desk and the 800 number but kept getting this same guy John so I basically gave up and moved on with the event planning. I thought the group rate was supposed to be a discount compared to what guests can book themselves. at least that's what they told me when speaking with group sales initially. It seems like Estancia is going to meet their revenue goals for my wedding so good for them but it's really been at my expense. Several awesome friends were nice enough to cxl online reservations and move to my room block so we would meet the minimum to not get sued by the Estancia because the revenue requirements for the room block are not met. But this was really embarrassing to have to tell my wedding guests that we would be sued they didn't change their reservations to pay more per nigh!!!About a month later, I asked if we could get group transporting to the wedding venue and the group sales wrote an excruciatingly long winded email that basically said they don't do group transportation to weddings. Which is odd because when we toured the property they showed us a Mercedes Van for group transportation to events....This time I absolutely lost it with them and was really fed up. I talked to a friend who suggested that I call Bacarra. So I called the sister resort and told them what was going on and asked for help getting ahold of someone else with Estancia. Got the Hotel GM's email number and they finally agreed to use the Van to take guests to the wedding. They are still not very responsive and seem to be grudgingly polite with me. IThe sales manager of managers Brad seems to be somewhat easier to deal with and he did say congratulations which was very refreshing. However, we are still technically under the required number of rooms for our event. The Estancia agreed to allow a couple guests to be listed under our reservation even though they booked outside of our wedding block. I've asked for updated reports again to prove we are now at the contracted number of rooms but they are very unresponsive. I'm trying to document everything as they already verbally threatened me with legal action. I really hope this all works itself out and that we have a reasonable solution to all this. Initially I wanted to have my spa day before the wedding and post wedding brunch with Estancia as well as my welcome party. But due to the problems with communication I moved forward with other event spaces. You guys have a beautiful property. I wish the communication was warmer and that brides were treated with greater care kindness by your team.I have written 3 emails and made several calls to the hotels General Manager, Mairead Hennessy about this and have received no response from her. I still don't have updated reports from the hotel to prove that we are meeting The Estancia's revenue goals for our room block even though I have reached out extensively for several days. I called 7 times yesterday and sent many emails to the group sales team. My wedding date is less than 2 weeks away and this is so unbelievable.
Booked a night here for a Staycation with my husband. While we got a good rate for room, I expected a lot more from a resort hotel. Standard room didn't differ much from a chain hotel room. The grounds are gorgeous, yes, but they have to be when surrounded by other properties (no ocean views, etc.) There were two weddings going on at the time, so very busy, and staff seemed focused on wedding parties. The bars restaurants on site on very good, pool is saline which was refreshing and jacuzzi needs to be bigger! Bartender in the Bodega bar had great customer service.
This hotel was recommended to me by a friend for a day spa adventure. I must say the staff was great, The hotel environment was nicely decorated and the rooms were big and spacious. I used the spa for a massages and ate dinner at its restaurant. No complaints. I WILL stay here again.Thank you for your review. Your feedback is not only helpful to us, but will be very helpful for potential guests considering our hotel. I will be sure to pass along your kind comments about our customer service and the guest rooms to the team. Thanks again and we hope to welcome you back soon.
We were looking for a secluded resort style hotel to relax and enjoy the La Jolla area and were not dissapointed. We (family of 4 adults) did not want to stay at one of the chains and had stayed on Coronado island and the Lodge at Torrey Pines before so we gave Estancia a try and were very satisfied. The staff was nice and very helpful with beautiful landscaping and vegetation, even in the middle of a severe drought. There were 2 walking paths from the hotel with one going to the glider port/beach which was cool watching the para gliders launch and sail along the cliff (both para and hang gliders available for tandem rides) and the other path going through a nice neighborhood to Black's beach which had a fairly steep road at the end which got your heart going on the way back. The girls had no trouble finding chairs at the pool and raved about the Spa's Hanakasumi and Inspire 80 minute massages. I would head to the fitness center in the afternoon while they were out sunning and was the only one in there (although I heard that the mornings usually had a crowd). There are 4 treadmills, 2 bikes, 2 ellipticals with free weights to 45 lbs and 4 machines ie enough for a basic workout. We did the kayaking/snorkeling tour from La Jolla Kayak with the kayaking being the better activity (although having a sea lion swim by while snorkelling in one of the caves was pretty cool). We usually ordered in breakfast which was good with ample portions. The best breakfast though was at The Cottage, a must if you enjoy breakfast. We went the good but casual restaurant route with George's at the Cove terrace and the Brockton Villa (stay inside to avoid sea lion aroma) for good food with a view and Piazza 1909 for a step above the pecan crusted/fish taco fare. All were topped off with gelato from Bobboi's. We were there for 4 nights during the week and all were able to truly unwind and relax. The only nit I had was that the housekeeping staff never understood that we had 4 adults so daily calls for more coffee cups etc was needed but overall, we would definitely stay again.Dear Mathonthego.Thank you for taking the time to write this review of your stay. We are pleased to hear that you had such a wonderful stay with us and you were able to take advantage of the amenities we offer. It sounds like you were very active during your 4-day stay, and we look forward to welcoming you back again, soon!
My husband and I return to Estancia La Jolla every year, on our wedding anniversary, and we wouldn't have it any other way! From the moment we pull up the car into valet, we are treated like a king and queen. Not only the service is extraordinary, one that I haven't really found elsewhere, but the design, architecture and location of the property is truly life changing. The old world charm, the secluded location, the courtyard design, all are just soul soothing. We cannot wait to come back on our next anniversary. It is very much a special and unforgettable treat for us. At the valet, Sean, Chris I, Chris II, were all amazing! At the front desk, William and Erica treated us like family, and at the restaurants, Ashley at Mustangs and Burros, truly a patient and pleasant person, who helped me choose gluten-free items off the menu, and last, but definitely not least, Lisa at Adobe was fantastic! She too, was very knowledgeable about gluten-free foods, and was so wonderful to us, that we were so happy to see her every morning for breakfast. Thank you Estancia, for always giving us a fabulous and unforgettable experience! Looking forward to seeing you all again. Karl and Lilly WilkThank you for a fantastic review! We are thrilled to hear you enjoyed your stay, and thank you for your loyalty. We hope to see you and your husband here year after year. Congratulations, and cheers to another year! We look forward to your return!
A dozen old friends decided to take advantage of a special offer at the Estancia to spend some time together. In a sentence, we had a wonderful time. The staff were each helpful and friendly. A gardener stopped what he was doing to give me directions (the grounds are very large and could use a few more directional signs). The concierge advised us of some restaurants with water views that could accommodate our group and made the reservation for us.The rooms at our price point, while not impressive looking, were roomy enough, very clean, had large flat screen TVs, and nice toiletries. The bathroom was modern with marble counter top. Hair dryer and iron were provided. One pricing feature I liked was the hospitality fee. Instead of being nickeled and dimed for different extras, the most common ones are all in one fee which included access to the exercise area, wi-fi, bottled water, a welcome drink in the lobby, morning coffee in the wine bar, and a free margarita (very tasty) in the bar. Our special offer included valet parking. The hotel was very busy with several weddings and other events, but the valets never kept us waiting longer than 5-10 minutes. There is a lavish buffet breakfast on the weekends which is 22, more than my budget allows for breakfast. The server told us that for half that price, we could have a 'continental breakfast' which included all the cold items, even smoked salmon with capers and also hot oatmeal. That was a good deal.Located directly across from University of California San Diego and adjacent to the Salk Institute, this property is not right on the beach, but there are walking trails next to the hotel. While the shops and attractions of La Jolla and San Diego are nearby, the Estancia provides a tranquil retreat from the crowds. Our room on the ground floor was rather dark. I would request a room on the third floor next time. A major refurbishing is planned for early 2013 which should brighten up the rooms. I would also have liked more outdoor places to sit and relax with my friends. We had a very enjoyable stay.Thank you so much for taking the time to write a review. Your comments and feedback are very much appreciated by the team here at the hotel as well as potential future guests. It sounds like you had a nice time catching up with old friends, and Im glad our concierge was able to assist your group with a fun and memorable night out. We hope to welcome you back for the next reunion!
My family tells me my standards are VERY hard to live up to, but Estancia La Jolla Hotel actually lived up to my very high expectations. The staff were friendly and helpful. The room was very clean the bed was extremely comfortable and the bath was large and quite beautiful. Overall a wonderful hotel to stay for a vacation in sunny California!Dear Iditarider, Thank you for taking the time to review your experience at Estancia La Jolla. We appreciate your feedback and are delighted to hear that your stay exceeded expectations. On behalf of our staff, we hope to welcome you back during your next visit to sunny California.
I stayed at this hotel between April 4 5 . We had two rooms. The rooms where great and outstanding service . the staff was very friendly. Large rooms and we had good view. For sure will go back if I'm going to be in that area.It is so wonderful to read all about your recent stay with us. We are so happy that you enjoyed your rooms, the view, and most importantly the customer service. It was simply a pleasure having you with us, and we absolutely can not wait to welcome you back!
The rooms are very clean and bed and linens are excellent. There is a tub/shower and a single sink. I was surprised it did not have a separate shower. The layout of the resort is confusing and somewhat difficult to find your way around. There is a very nice coffee/snack shop. The staff was very accommodating. There is a 30 per night resort fee which includes amenities that are customarily included in the base rate for comparable accommodations. In addition, they charge 25 per night for self-parking. It is well located between Del Mar and La Jolla. I did not eat here, but in conversation with others, the restaurant has a good reputation.
Enjoyed a 3-night stay as part of a 6-night trip to La Jolla. The valet team greets you upon arrival with a smile and a cold bottle of water. They also assisted me with my luggage and were incredibly friendly and helpful with pointing out the hotel restaurants and amenities along the way to my room. The grounds are incredibly gorgeous- flowers, succulents, and greenery galore! While the property is quite spread out, I found that getting from my room to the other side of the property never took more than 3-5 minutes. The room was spotless and the pillows and bedding were far superior to even my own at home! I can't tell you what a comfortable night's sleep I had! The spa is small but tranquil with a friendly, helpful staff. The pricing for services was actually pretty reasonable compared to many hotel spas- a 50 minute massage starts at 115. The property is not in walking distance to beaches or shops, so be sure to rent a car if you choose to stay at this property. Downtown La Jolla is a 10 minute drive, La Jolla Shores, the aquarium, and various shops and restaurants are only 5 minutes away.
From the moment we arrived at this property we began to fall in love with it. Check-in included a complimentary glass of bubbly --always a nice start to a new relationship. We booked a first floor room that was to our liking, all the conveniences we enjoy. Abundant foliage makes it seem like a secluded nature preserve. The restaurants offer good cuisine as well as plenty of atmosphere. Our favorite place for dinner was the patio of the Mustangs and Burros restaurant. As dusk arrives, the fireplace is lit and the warmth and light adds to an already great experience. The weekend we were there, the hotel hosted five weddings.Thank you for taking the time to share your 5 star feedback with us on Trip Advisor. We agree, a glass of bubbly is always the best way to start a relationship and we are elated to hear you enjoyed it. It is an absolute pleasure to read your commentary regarding you dining experience at Mustangs Burros as well as the beautiful atmosphere the resort has to offer. We certainly hope we are able to welcome you back in the near future, and want to thank you again for such a wonderful review.
The staff was wonderful all around from everywhere we were! Mike in Banquets did a fabulous job at the Banquet Dinner on Friday evening. He paid attention that I was drinking champagne instead of the wine that was being poured and refilled without asking. The simple things go a long way!! The grounds were gorgeous and well maintained, my room was relaxing and had everything that was needed, meeting space was comfortable and worked perfect for our group!Thank you for the wonderful hospitality! I can't wait to come back with my family!We are so happy to read about your recent business trip with us. Traveling for work can be stressful so we are so happy we were able to make your time with us so smooth. Mike as well as the rest of the team will be delighted to hear of your feedback, and we look forward to passing your kind words along. Its always a joy to hear when a quests notices the little things as we are constantly striving to meet the highest level of customer service. We cant wait to welcome you back with your family next time!
There are many good things about this hotel. The staff was very welcoming, friendly, and helpful the gardens are beautiful the pool with the bar service is nice and we had no complaints about the food in Adobe and the wine bar. The room was spacious enough and the bathroom was nice, with plenty of towels (one of my pet peeves is a hotel that gives you only 2-3 towels per room to start). A nice place for sure. The only real issue is that the hotel is located far away from San Diego and even downtown La Jolla--a 40 dollar and 20 dollar cab ride, to be more specific--so I'm not sure I would recommend this as a vacation hotel unless you had a rental car and didn't mind driving everywhere. Of course, this is my fault for not researching San Diego very well beforehand, so I can't downgrade the hotel much for that in fact, if I lived in the area, I might certainly book a room here if I wanted to get away from the city for a few days.
In March 2013, I spent a long weekend at Estancia and really, really, really enjoyed it. The food, in particular, was delicious at every meal. Everything appeared and tasted fresh, whole, and real. The spa was lovely and all employees were true professionals and excellent at their craft. Also, notable was the valet staff who always took good care of us coming and going. We also enjoyed the hot tub, especially on cool March evenings. I used a Romance Rendezvous Package that, upon checkout, I was please to discover was truly an excellent value -- the bill could have been much higher, but it wasn't. I highly recommend Estancia to anyone looking for a lovely, romantic getaway at a fair value.Thank you for writing a review about your stay last March. We are so glad to hear that you enjoyed the Romance Rendezvous Package and that you had such a pleasant experience at our wonderful Spa. Thank you for recommending our hotel and spa to others and we hope to welcome you back very soon.
My husband and I were excited to stay at Estancia last week to celebrate my 30th birthday. Upon check-in, here are the things we noticed in our room that led us to believe it wasnt a luxury resort, as claimed:-Dirty diaper in our bathroom garbage-Dirty towels in a heap-Items in fridge from last guest-Opened water bottles (included in the outrageous 22/day resort fee)We were very nice about this and called the front desk just to mention it and ask for new water bottles although I think we should have made more of a fuss because a dirty diaper is pretty disgusting.What makes me the most upset about this resort is the service from the concierge. My parents ordered a cheese plate and bottle of wine to be delivered to our room upon our arrival because that was the day of my birthday. My mom was guaranteed that it would be delivered to our room within 30-45 minutes of our check-in, which would mean that the gift was delivered on my actual birthday. We did not receive the cheese plate or bottle of wine that day. On Saturday, just before noon, we received a cheese plate delivered to our room. I immediately contacted my parents to say thank you for the cheese plate, and my mom asked if there had been a bottle of wine with it, which I told her there had not. She contacted the hotel, got no answer, and left a message. I called in-room dining to inquire about the wine. They told me that they thought they would deliver the cheese plate in the morning and the wine after dinner. If someone orders wine and cheese as a gift, its because they want them to be enjoyed together, so this was obviously a lie.This entire time, my mom had been dealing with Gabby, who was rude, interrupted her, and didnt let her speak. When Gabby called back, my mom complained that the gift was not delivered on my birthday as promised, and was not delivered in its entirety. Gabby assured my mom that she would take some money off because of this, but my mom checked her banking and she had been charged an additional 35. When my mom called Gabby to talk about this, Gabby did apologize. However, she was still incredibly rude and told her that I had actually received the wine and cheese on Friday, but that I just didnt call my mom to thank her and that I lied when I said we didnt receive anything Friday. So not only was our room dirty upon check in, with a dirty diaper and more, but my mom tried to do something nice for us and the hotel has responded by being incredibly rude and accusing us of lying. The 35 has been taken off, but my parents are still paying full price for a gift that wasnt delivered on time, having to contact the hotel 6-7 times while my mom was on vacation, and being accused of lying.I left a voicemail for the manager two days ago and have not heard back. I will never stay at this luxury resort again.Thank you for taking the time to share your honest feedback with us on Trip Advisor. Your experience was certainly not indicative of our service standards, and it is simply saddening to read of your negative experience. We are though, happy that we are given this opportunity to personally apologize for the multiple mishaps you encountered during your stay. We know how important the little things are (especially on ones birthday) and I regret that we are unable to go back and fix the situation first hand. We appreciate your comments and will be researching the situation in more depth in order to prevent any experience such as yours from reoccurring. I sincerely hope we have the opportunity to welcome you back in the future and want to thank you again for your review.If you could please check your private messages we have sent you an email to further follow-up on your experience.
Our spa experience here was wonderful. We had massages, facial, and mini manicures. Michelle, the massage therapist did a great job with the deep tissue massage. Juliette, at the desk, was extremely helpful in helping us determine what services to choose. She patiently answered all of our questions, showed us around and explained how their facility worked. The atmosphere was great - relaxing and calm.Dear Jodie U,Thank you for choosing The Spa at Estancia. It's a delight to know that you had an exceptional experience, enjoying the hospitality and expertise of our staff and our tranquil atmosphere. We truly appreciate the excellent rating you have awarded us and we hope to welcome you back to Estancia soon.
Stayed one night in January a week before the Farmer's Open. Hotel was bustling but the service was excellent. The rooms were in top shape. Nice bathrooms, comfy beds etc. Service is their specialty which begins with the bellman. Very nice group of employees. Didn't get a chance to try the restaurants but I heard they were good.Dear notoftheworld, It was our pleasure to welcome you to Estancia La Jolla. Thank you for highlighting our dedicated staff, especially our bellman. It's always a pleasure to hear when our team leaves such an impression. We hope to welcome you back soon to enjoy our Baja-inspired cuisine.
The grounds are well-kept and the room nicely appointed and tastefully decorated with a very comfortable bed. More importantly, the staff were friendly and quite attentive which made a nice stay that much more enjoyable. The resort has a very relaxing feel. We tried the Adobe restaurant and we were not disappointed.
We stayed here while attending the Farmers Insurance Open at Torrey Pines Golf Course. It could not have been better. Every staff member we encountered was kind, friendly, knowledgeable and helpful beyond their duties, especially reception staff (Devon). They were kind enough to offer us a shuttle directly to the East Gate of the golf course in both directions, at OUR convenience, which made everything so much more enjoyable. The room was well-appointed and clean, with a very comfortable bed. The amazing spa ... a couples massage room with all the amenities and truly wonderful staff. The only less-than-enjoyable item would be the room service, but it was handled immediately so that I hate to complain at all -- we had a very nice and comfortable stay, and look forward to our next visit.
Came here because our first and second choices hotels weren't available. It was a nice substitute at the last minute! While it doesn't have the upscale feel of the Lodge at Torrey Pines, it was adequate for our needs. The grounds were lovely--styled to look as an old Spanish hacienda. Everything was extremely clean in fact, it felt as thought the hallways had been newly painted and wallpapers. Rooms were, frankly, not at the level of the grounds. They were clean and nicely appointed, but on the smaller side (we were in a more standard room because suites weren't available.) Our room was an upgrade from our companions', but other than a free bottle of wine, we were unable to understand why. Thus, that upgrade is not worth the additional cost unless the bottle of wine is worth it to you. I had a very pleasant experience with Brent, the concierge. He was accommodating, helpful, and took his time trying to get us the right restaurant for our needs, which were to accommodate a rather large party with specific tastes. Kudos to him.Phone service is polite, but it took a long time for every call to be answered by both the operator (on two occasions) and valet (on 2 out of 4 occasions.) Maybe not quite enough staffing. In fact, staff were almost nonexistent. Usually, you see service people and staff walking around resorts, but we didn't see any, except for the cafe, check-in, and one housekeeping person. Over 3 days/2 nights. Not a big deal, unless you need staff.I believe there is no on-site parking except valet. This may be a cost consideration.There were no noise complaints except for the doors! They slam shut, very loudly, and woke us up several times. This appeared to be the interior closet doors.One issue: tiny pillows! The sleep pillows appeared sized for a child's bed, about 2/3 the size of a normal pillow.Overall, it was a pleasant stay, and we would consider staying there again. However, at the risk of sounding like a snob, we do usually travel at a higher level, so it wouldn't be our first choice.
I chose Estancia LaJolla after reading the promising reviews on Trip Advisor it was one of the few with no negative reviews and I was not disappointed. Lovely and charming place, not like a typical hotel. Wine Flight with cheeses at Trintas wine bar delightul. The dinner at Mustangs Burros delicious. Love the pool and gardens. One minor downgrade is the fact that our room was not ready by 4:00 p.m. we strolled around waiting for desk to call our cell phone after I told them the number to call. After 45 minutes we went back to the desk and room was ready. When I arrived back at home I had a message that room was ready - they apparently called my home instead. Other than that miscommunication, our stay was first rate.Thank you for selecting Estancia La Jolla for your travels to Southern California. Your kinds words about how lovely and charming our resort is mean a great deal to our team. We look forward to your next trip to La Jolla and hope that we will be host to your next stay.
My sis and I along with our Shih Tzu spent 2 nights 3 days at this hotel. We loved it! We didn't do anything but enjoy the hotel, ate great food and walked around. Our very comfortable room has a balcony which is so convenient for our Shih Tzu. The hospitality kit included 2 water bottles per day and a bottle of delicious red wine. The restaurants in the property are excellent. We plan to return. There's a 150 non refundable pet deposit and a 25 per day parking fee.Dear Maria A,Thank you for choosing to stay at Estancia. It was our pleasure to welcome you to our dog-friendly La Jolla resort and we are so pleased that your entire party enjoyed the comfort of our accommodations, our award-winning grounds, and the delicious cuisine served in our restaurants. Thank you for the excellent rating you have awarded us! We are looking forward to welcoming you back to Estancia soon for another relaxing getaway.
This hotel was delightfully close to the graduation ceremonies for UCSD (we walked!) Our room was on the small side and totally enclosed (no patio). We were in the last building close to the pool and spa. Sadly, the walk to our room entailed walking through long corridors of indoors rooms through two buildings. There was a beautiful courtyard area in each building but it was not designed so that you could walk outside in the lush gardens :(The valet staff was the most helpful. Giving us water and directions when we needed them. The staff at the front desk were cool and impersonal.The pool was very pretty and our son enjoyed swimming in the salt water. It definitely felt like an adult hotel and not very kid friendly.Thank you for taking the time to share your recent experience. We value all of your opinions and thoughts. We are pleased you appreciated our close proximity to the UCSD campus. Please come back and visit us again soon!
This is a great hotel to relax. The landscape is beautiful. The pool is very nice but be aware there are a number of kids around the pool area (this does not bother me but I'm sure it will influence on the decision of many people who reads this review). Hotel restaurants are good and fairly priced.Service is not at the same level you'd expect from large hotel chains. Whatever you request will get eventually done... so relax and enjoy. You will leave with fond memories of your stay!Thank you for this excellent review! We truly appreciate the time you took to provide your comments and feedback. We apologize if our service did not meet or exceed your expectations. Please note that we are looking into this issue further. We look forward to your return, and hope to see you and your family soon!
My husband and I found this hotel on Snique Away and decided to stay for a couple of nights before a wedding in Hermosa Beach. For starters, the valet guys are awesome! They are extremely helpful and informative and quick to give good service. If you drive to the hotel, you don't have a choice but to valet which is an added 20/night or so. Other than that, the service was mediocre at best. I rarely saw the front desk people smile and housekeeping is extremely slow to respond to requests. They even ended up with a shirt of mine (i think on accident) and didn't return until i called and then took hours to bring to us. The slow service might have something to do with the confusing maze like set up of the rooms and layout itself. Rooms are very nice. Comfy beds and nice shower. We had a tiny balcony but there are some bigger ones. The salt water pool and hot tub are great! But if you want to have a good time at the pool this is not the hotel for you. It was absolutely silent-no music- no bar. can call for service there if you'd like. The location itself is not ideal. It is in a beautiful part of la jolla but you cannot walk anywhere but to glider/black beach which is a great place if you want to hike and privately surf but be aware that it is nudist. It is a short 10 min drive into downtown la jolla or to del mar but if you want to walk to restaurants/shops, it's better to stay in downtown la jolla instead. There are 3 restaurants on site but all serve the same menu which is wierd. I recommend the chips and salsa (put a great spice on the chips) and the ravioli dish. We didn't order room service so can't comment on that. The gym didn't have much to offer. I have heard the spa is the best in all la jolla although I didn't indulge :(All in all, i was pleased since we got a good deal but would not pay the full price they demand. I instead would stay downtown.Thank you for your review! We are elated to hear how much you enjoyed your stay at the Estancia La Jolla Hotel Spa. We apologize for the miscommunication regarding parking. You can self park as well, next time please ask and we will show you how! We know our location is a little bit out of town, and we think it's great! There is so much to do at the resort, that we feel you never need to leave. Take a dip in the jacuzzi or get a facial at the spa, or even a margarita at Mustangs Burros. Please join us again soon, we would love to see you!
This is a little gem within easy driving distance from San Diego airport. Valet parking exclusively, i.e. no self parking. The hotel is in a park setting and very quiet and restful, not to mention beautiful. The rooms are old-fashioned, including almost no electrical outlets. Free WiFi of reasonable speed. Small work area. Excellent little coffee maker. Bottled water and a bottle of wine included in price. The bed was comfy and the bathroom clean and excellently appointed with high end towels and shampoo etc. Several dining and bar options on site. Staff is first class.Dear DX-Traveler,Thank you for choosing Estancia and for sharing your review. We appreciate your excellent rating. Were so pleased that you enjoyed the beauty of our resort and appreciated the comfort of your accommodations, the multiple dining options, and the hospitality of our staff. It was our pleasure to welcome you to Estancia and we hope to do so again soon.
This property has only been here six years. It reminds of the La Quinta Resort and Spa in La Quinta, just east of Palm Desert. We got a great price then upgraded to a suite for only 49 more. The rooms was spacious and nicely appointed. The Suite was secluded from other rooms with a private entrance which made it seem more special. We also had our valet parking comped. Along with top shelf, we are here to serve you attitude, which is not that common these days. Smiles abound from the staff and the place is marvelously appointed. Two highlights were the heavenly bedding and a light in the closet which is motion sensor before the door actually opens. The TV in the living room was undersized to the higher end hotels. Two private balconies, and all the nice lotion and soap extras, in the bathIt is off of Torrey Pines road, so you can drive by it and not see it, unless you are looking for it. Really great Hotel, wish we had more time here.
I love the Estancia Spa and Anya in the nail salon. She helped me get ready for my wedding and welcomed me with open arms when I came back with both my family, and most recently, with my friends. She is thoughtful and extremely hard working. I'd recommend her services to anyone. The quality is exceptional. She's a gem inside of a stunning spa.Dear challidaypr,Thank you for being a loyal and frequent guest at The Spa at Estancia and for taking the time to share your review. We are truly grateful for the excellent rating you have awarded us and are thrilled to know how much you appreciate the exemplary service provided by Anya. We will be sure to share your comments with her, as she will be delighted to know how much you enjoyed her warm hospitality and expertise. Thank you for your high recommendation we hope to welcome you back to Estancia soon.
I have consulted TripAdvisor many times but this is the first time I have written a review. That tells you how amazing this place is. I have been to La Jolla many times and it was such a delight to discover this gem. In fact, I had booked at the Grand Mar, but had checked both properties out when I arrived in San Diego and decided to cancel reservations at the much pricier Grand Mar to stay here. In addition to the charm and intimate setting, the valet, Chris, sealed the deal. He was the epitome of the California surfer dude - blond, easygoing and down-to-earth yet professional and efficient. He kindly offered to park my car temporarily while I checked out the property and was so friendly and welcoming whereas the valet at the Grand Del Mar just motioned me to the guest parking which was at considerable distance.Loved the room, property, dining and the pool/hot tub. It was hard to leave the resort which is quite the endorsement as I LOVE La Jolla village. The only slight snag is that the lovely outdoor restaurant there, Mustangs, was suddenly closed when a pre-booked conference had to move indoors due to bad weather. It was frustrating because we decided to have another romantic meal there on our last evening only to discover when we arrived that it was not open to hotel guests. The other restaurant, Adobe, was open. And while that is equally good and has a lovely indoor ambiance, we really wanted the charm of the outdoor fireplace at Mustangs. The front desk did what they could to see if they would serve us and when they found out that they still couldn't accommodate us booked a last minute reservation for us at my all-time favorite restaurant in La Jolla, George's at the Cove. The only glitch with that was the front desk informed us that the outdoor terrace (which was our preference) was closed but when we arrived we learned it was open. So it all worked out in the end.Again, that was a small disappointment in an otherwise impeccable stay at Estancia. I can't recommend it highly enough. It's quite simply the loveliest place to stay in the San Diego area and incredible value for this type of property. More than that, it is now one of my favorite all-time hotels (and I've stayed at several beautiful Four Seasons and Ritz-Carlton resorts).
Looks like a garden with villas but really is a big conference center! It was wonderful not being in a typical corporate-feeling conference hotel. The meeting venue and food were great but so was the room and service. Loved the fresh brand toiletries and frette linens. Comfortable bed. We ate at a few of the restaurants which were also great! Close walking distance to Torrey Pines Gliderport and next door to Salk institute. There is a free shuttle provided by the hotel for destinations within 5 miles, which we used to get to down town La Jolla. Shuttle driver was really nice and gave us recommendations on what to do in the area.The only negatives were the gym, which was much smaller than I expected with poor ventilation, and the pillows were smaller than standard pillows which was a little annoying. I didn't pay for this stay so I can't say much regarding value for money but as a conference venue I've never been to a better one.
Estancia is very nicely secluded, very quiet with a fantastic staff. The valet guys were super friendly, the concierge was helpful and the ladies taking care of our rooms did great. The pool was very nice and all the on site restaurants were fantastic. It is secluded. Depending on your view of this it can be a bit of a drive to other eating establishments in Del Mar or La Jolla. We will certainly return. It was highly recommended by our friends as well.
My husband and I stayed for three nights for a wedding on the property. The pros: the service - from the front desk and their complimentary champagne to the concierge but the best were the valet: they were the most courteous, prompt and thoughtful gentlemen we encountered. It did not take long for them to get our cars (we called ahead as they suggested). They were so kind to give us complimentary bottles of water. Our favorite place to hang out during the day was at the hot tub (it was too cold for the pool) and at night, we sat by the firepit with the complimentary bottle of wine. I also loved that we received water everyday (However, the water, the wine, the internet is a charge of 22 per day). The cons: the food and spa was overpriced for average quality. We don't mind paying for premium services, but we also expect premium services and cleanliness. The women's outdoor whirlpool area could use a good sweeping of leaves and cobwebs. The grout in the women's showers could use a good scrubbing. The halls were perfumed, which was nice. The rooms were clean - the beds (and robes) were comfortable - but I think the tub could be further whitened. Overall, it was a lovely getaway for us. Due to the price, I am not sure we would return unless it was for another special event.Hi Meybe1Day.Thank you for your review on TripAdvisor. We are so glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay at Estancia and will pass your suggestions on to our staff. We hope to see you again soon.
Excellent Resort. Beautiful location, Ambience, Impeccable service, clean rooms, free Internet and delcious food.
I have been staying at Estancia for over 10 years and it is a lovely property in a quiet, but central location in La Jolla, near San Diego, around many beautiful beaches and golf courses. The hotel offers nice, manicured gardens, comfortable rooms, a Spa, excercise room, swimming pool, and two restaurants and bars. The beakfast buffet is quite good. The service is helpful and the hotel has valet parking. The guys that park your car are very friendly and helpful with directions and general information. It is a beautiful hotel, but it is not luxurious! Don't expect the 4 Seasons! My tip is to buy a package including breakfast and car parking. Although the price goes up, there is no unpleasant surprises at check out and you can order whatever you want for breakfast without worrying about the cost. The hotel is a lovely location for weddings and there are always several taking place on the weekends. Thank you so much for the review and for staying with us for nearly ten years! It sounds like you enjoyed nearly all of our amenities during your recent trip. We are happy to hear that one of your favorites is the breakfast buffet. Great tip on going with a package! We hope to see you again soon!
Estancia was recomended by a friend at UCSD. I have been to La Jolla several times but never stayed in the area. What a nice surprise, exceeding my expectations. The experence at Estancia was relaxed first class from the start. Champain with check in! I switched flights at the last minute and arrived before noon vs my 4 PM scheduled arrival. No problem. They had a deluxe king room overlooking the courtyard available. A little work for business and then meet several friends at Trinitas wine bar for tapas and drinks. Attentive service. One of the best services was Josh the shuttle driver! The hotel supplies a free shuttle to areas with in a 5 mile radius. Josh was great providing nice suggestions for places to visit in the Cove, La Jolla shores and a Saturday activity. Chris the concierge was super helpful with dinner reservations and booking activities. Great follow up on everything. While I didn't use the spa it looks fabulous and when my wife comes next time we will b e sure to try out the services.Dear boblafollette,We're so pleased that you chose to stay at Estancia. It's a delight to know that your stay at our resort exceeded your expectations! Thank you for sharing your review. We'll be sure to share your comments with the staff members you've mentioned, as they will be thrilled that you appreciated their attentive hospitality and expertise. Thank you for the excellent rating you have awarded us. We're looking forward to welcoming you back to Estancia soon, to enjoy our spa along with the rest of our deluxe amenities.
La Estancia in La Jolla, CA is a beautiful place with excellent services and staff. The food in the restaurants is delicious and there is attention to detail in all aspects of the resort. If you want a place to relax and renew yourself, this is it! Downtown La Jolla is about 5 miles away (about 20.00 taxi) and is worthwhile visiting for a day. Within walking distance of La Estancia is the Gliderport with stunning views of the Pacific Ocean and of gliders enjoying the warm winds!Dear Adriana C,Thank you for choosing to stay at Estancia while in La Jolla on business. We are so happy that you enjoyed our beautiful resort, appreciating the delicious cuisine, world-class services, and exemplary hospitality. We truly appreciate the excellent rating you have awarded us and hope to welcome you back to Estancia soon for another relaxing and refreshing stay.
I stayed at The Estancia La Jolla Hotel Spa for 2 nights while in the San Diego area for business. The property is beautifully landscaped and hotel staff give their best efforts at guest service. I liked the place, and would stay again when in the area.The hotel seems to be primarily geared toward the wedding and event industry. Large group events tend to be the norm, and an attitude of revenue capture over guest experience was evident to me. A nightly Hospitality Service Fee of 17 and a nightly parking fee of 25 are charged on every room category (including suites). In my opinion, the resort could elevate the guest experience a bit by either discreetly handling such fees (i.e. including in the room charge), or to communicate such fees during the reservation process (surprises at check out tend to feel deceptive at the consumer level). Wifi was included in the price of the room, however.The interiors are at the age where they could use a refresh. They are just on the verge of feeling dirty and old. The good news is, they aren't bad enough that every guest would notice.Liked it, would stay again, don't love it as a Destination.Thank you very much for your honest feedback and sharing your photos on Trip Advisor. We are truly very sorry you were not 100 satisfied with your stay. It is with great pleasure that we do indeed welcome many leisure and business guests- as well as meeting and event guests. The Resort Fee is a industry standard and we must remain competitive to this. Again, thank you for your feedback.
I want to thank all of the staff at the Estancia for the wonderful service for our meeting we had in April. Even with the additional guest due to the fires they were accommodating and very friendly. My daughter and I, along with a friend and her daughter stayed and additional two days to have a little vacation before her wedding in June, We had a massage planned and just relaxing by the pool. My daughter spotted a bathing suit cover up, purchased it and wore it during her bachelor party in Cabo two week later. She lost it and loved it. I called Estancis spa t and spoke to Heather ( who had helped us previously with our massage and the purchase of the coverup), she remembered exactly who we were and which one. They did not have anymore but was able to get the designer name, look it up on line and find the exact one! She gave me all this information so I could purchase another one and surprise my daughter. This is going above and beyond! We will be coming back again and certainly will go to the spa again! Thank you Heather!! Thank you Deb and Sarah!Thank you for taking the time to share your wonderful experience on Trip Advisor. Your review gives us the opportunity to specifically praise and congratulate our well-deserved staff for providing exceptional experiences! We are pleased to hear Heather was able to assist with your purchase and make a connection with her guests. We look forward to welcoming you again soon!
I love this property! Absolutely beautiful grounds! We attended a friend's wedding and even though we live locally, decided to stay overnight and enjoy the resort. Each and every one of the staff was so nice. We received extra special attention by Brenna, who took time to make sure our stay was perfect. I can't wait to come back!Thank you for taking the time to share you 5 star feedback with us as review like these are simply the best to see! We are delighted to hear you so greatly enjoyed the grounds and that you had such a wonderful experiences with the staff. Your review will surely be shared to not only Brenna but to the entire team. We hope we have the pleasure of welcoming you back in the near future and thank you again for such a lovely review!
Very enjoyable stay for a couple of days business conference. Nothing to criticise or complain about really, other than a slightly noisy AC system which was fixed immediately. I Would stay again without hesitation.Hi tripper9911, Thank you for your review on TripAdvisor. We are so glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay at Estancia. We hope to see you again soon.
ServiceThe moment we pulled onto the drive of the Estancia, we were greeted in the most welcoming manner by the friendly valet. This set the bar high which every single employee met for our entire two evening stay. This is so rare but when I mean every single employee, I mean it! From housekeeping to front desk to restaurant servers to even the gardeners!SpaThe spa is great with especially lovely out door hot tub areas. My prenatal massage was great 9i dozed!) and my husband, who was apprehensive at first because he's only experienced a few of them, came out super relaxed and happy.PoolThe pool area is nice and saline water a major plus.FoodThe food was fine -- not exceptional like the service. We ate at Adobe and Mustangs and had room service. The one standout dish was a shrimp quesadilla appetizer from Mustangs - so delicious. Everything was was fine - seemed like standard hotel-y food.RoomOur room was nice but not luxurious - thin and surprisingly spartan walls. We had a veranda room which is a bit misleading. The veranda is just the landing area outside the door with a table and chair. It did open up to a very pretty grassy courtyard.LocationSituated in beautiful La Jolla in walking distance to the beach. We walked over to the glider launch area and down an amazing hike to Black's Beach! It's very steep and not for the faint of heart. The beach is popular in the nudist community so fair warning!Biggest ComplaintExtremely challenging to navigate the property. There did not seem to be an obvious simple or quick way to get to the pool/spa area and our parking spot. The different levels was confusing too. We ran into at least two other guests who were wandering around lost and trying to study the little property map at the same time. I think we even walked the perimeter through the parking lot once because it was just easier than trying to find our way through all the corridors. Recommend MORE DIRECTIONAL SIGNAGE. Maybe with accompanying maps that show context of where the guest is in relation to everything else like you are here arrow.All in all, I would definitely book this place and spa again. So relaxing -- wonderful getaway.Thank you for your review! We apologize if the property is confusing with 6 acres of land we can understand your frustration! We do, however, appreciate the time you took to provide your comments and feedback. Your attention to detail is truly outstanding! We hope to see you again soon, and look forward to your return. Congratulations on your little one on the way, and we hope to meet him or her some day too!
We went to Estancia for a weekend birthday celebration. I wanted to pamper her with peace and quite, a spa and pool day and some good food and drinks. Estancia La Jolla nailed it on every single level. Starting with check in - it was extremely quick and the staff was very friendly and helpful. As a matter of fact, one of the things that impressed us most was that every single staff member we came in contact with was genuine. Very friendly and caring. They all offered up advice on activities and food/drinks, and the steered us in the right direction each time. We had lunch the first day at Adobe El Restaurante - out on the patio overlooking the main garden area/fountain. Very fast service, friendly staff (Chris was our waiter) and the West Coast lobster roll was sooo good! After lunch we took an easy 15 minute walk over to the Torrey Pines gliderport, and we might have found our next bucket list activity. It was a blast to watch. Dinner that night at Mustangs Burros - really nice little patio area with a fireplace, but we sat inside and it was very nice. A warm and friendly vibe. Good selection of local craft beers. Our waitress, Nicole, was awesome! She was really helpful and really good at what she does. We ordered a few things to munch on that night....but I seriously think I would visit this place again just for the chips, salsa, and guacamole. Some of the best I have had anywhere - really fresh and lots of taste. The next morning she went to the spa for a massage and to use the steam room. she was very pleased with not only the quality of the massage, but the quality of the facilities and the friendliness of the staff here. She came out to the pool like jello afterwards. I rented a cabana at the pool for the day. I wish I could remember the servers name that helped us, because she was great too! she took excellent care of us and made sure our adult beverages never ran dry! They have a small pool bar/sitting area and a barbeque where the chef cooked up some yummy, tender carne asada. It was a very relaxing atmosphere. We ordered room service that night, and they got the food to us fresh and very quick. I will say this - we have stayed many places that are 4 star resorts, a little on the pricey side, spa resorts, etc. and sometimes you can tell when the staff is treating you well because they have to. They just seem so phoney about it, and it just seems fake - takes away from the experience. The Estancia property is beautiful, the close beach location is nice, the food is great....but the staff and the way they treated us will bring us back to Estancia La Jolla. They made us feel like family and made sure we were smiling at all times. We found a new get away location!Dear BCreview,Thank you for choosing to stay at Estancia and for taking the time to share such a detailed review. Were so happy that you had such a wonderful weekend and love hearing how you enjoyed the cuisine from our various dining options, had a relaxing day at the pool with your private cabana, and that the spa was such a wonderful experience for the birthday girl. Furthermore, to hear that the genuine hospitality of our staff made your stay such a marvelous one is a true delight. We appreciate your comments and will be sharing them with the staff at the resort, and especially with Chris and Nicole. Thank you for your excellent rating. We look forward to welcoming you back to Estancia soon well have the chips, salsa, and guacamole ready for you!
We stayed here because my husband had a meeting that was being held at this hotel. I had great expectations based on reviews I read on trip advisor and the beautiful pictures on the website. I have to say I was a bit disappointed. It is a fine hotel. As I said in the title it's serviceable. Maybe my standards are too high but I felt there were certain things lacking that you would expect at a top notch hotel. We checked in late at night and the place was deserted. We waited at the front desk for a few minutes and then ran into someone sweeping the floor who then went to find someone to check us in. It was odd. We finally got to our room and I say finally because the hotel is laid out in such a way as to be somewhat confusing until you figure out what's going on. So it took us awhile to get to the room. We were on the 3rd floor but there was no elevator so we had to make several trips to get to the room with our luggage. I would hope that there is an easier way if you are incapable of stairs and luggage but it wasn't readily accessible to us. The hallways look dated and we commented on how outside almost every room were champagne glasses. I assume people were done with them and put them outside the rooms for pickup but why they were there at midnight was beyond me and I'm talking the majority of rooms. We had to make sure not to knock into them with our luggage and shatter glasses. This was a daily occurrence. We certainly didn't get champagne so not sure what that was about. On the plus side the bed was very comfortable and the sheets were clean. However, the pillowcases were too short for the pillows so they hang out (quirk of mine but I hate that in a hotel). I like the pillow to be completely covered. The towels were incredibly soft but very small. Again, another quirk but I think in a nice hotel there should be large towels and more than just two per day. There was one bar of soap to wash hands with and we like to have one for the shower instead of the bath gel. So asked two days in a row to please have an extra bar of soap. By day three we actually received them. The grounds are beautiful with lots of places to sit, but none of the sitting areas were actually comfortable. Some comfortable sitting areas would be welcome. Lastly, we had easter brunch at the Mustang and burros restaurant as we were meeting family from LA. They drove down for this 70 per person brunch. The brunch was fine but in no way merited 70 per person. Had a hard time getting refills on coffee. Never got offered any other drinks, asked for bowls but never came. Just kind of disorganized and the seating outside is awkward because the tables are low and the chairs are high and you are sort of hunched over. I hate that this sounds like a complaining review because I usually don't like to do that but I just felt annoyed that I flew to San Diego which is a 4 hour flight for me, to keep my husband company at his meeting and in hopes of having a relaxing stay at a beautiful hotel and just felt it was not worth the time and money it took to get there.Dear Vicki000,Thank you for choosing to stay at Estancia while your husband was at our resort on business. It was a pleasure to have you as a guest and we're pleased that you enjoyed the beautiful grounds and comfortable accommodations. We do apologize, however, that certain aspects of your stay with us did not meet your expectations. We value your feedback and have shared your comments with the appropriate management teams. We do hope to welcome you back to Estancia in the future for a stay that surpasses all of your expectations.
I travel as a writer and felt compelled to write about this BEST KEPT SECRET. I arrived being very stressed out as I had been traveling for nearly a month. I have not been to this part of San Diego before so I didn't know what to expect........so my uber pulls up to the main door and you feel as though your pulling up to your home......the doorman welcomes you.......when you walk through the front door you feel as though you are walking into your living room.....its warm well decorated and charming......the stress of my day starts to melt off with every step that I take........I check in and make my way to the garden outside and grab a glass of champagne.....the weather is PERFECT.....the grounds are peaceful and quiet..........I make my way to my room...........the door opens and I am in HEAVEN.........the room is spacious..........its spotless with lush white linens......which is my favorite........I am RELIEVED to see that they carry quality bath products.......always a plus! I shower and sit outside for a moment on my balcony that over looks the pool.......I am overly exhausted to I decide to eat on the property.......I am a LOVER of fish tacos!!! The menu looks incredible and the staff is incredibly helpful and made sure that the tacos were prepared exactly how I like them....and my standards are extremely high as I am very picky.......I finish eating and get an incredible Pinot and chat with the manager about the history of the propert........which is fasinating..........I say good night and stroll back to my room..........I crawl into bed and had the best night sleep that I have had in months............I can not wait to come back and next time I plan on staying a bit longer........thank you for the experience............bravo!Dear amavicustomdesigns,Thank you for choosing to stay at Estancia while visiting the San Diego area. It was a real treat to read your review and we are thrilled to know that you had such a relaxing and restorative stay at our resort. Thank you for sharing such a detailed review of your experience. It's a delight to know how much you enjoyed the beauty of our award-winning grounds, as well as our luxurious guest rooms, savory cuisine, and serene ambiance. We truly appreciate the excellent rating you have awarded us and look forward to welcoming you back to Estancia soon for another blissful stay.
Estancia La Jolla is my favorite hotel getaway in San Diego. Its lush gardens, fantastic service and comfortable guestrooms always provide a relaxing retreat. My family and I stay at Estancia often and are always impressed by this hotel. Last weekend I treated myself to a day at the spa. The treatments were some of the best I've had...and I've beem to a lot spas. Brisa the spa manager did a great job in creating the services and the therapist Mazey was simply...amazing! We enjoyed the pool and the carne asada tacos and margaritas were delectable. Highly recommend Estancia La Jolla!Your 5-star review is much appreciated and we thank you for taking the time to share all your positive remarks with is. It is wonderful to hear you so greatly enjoyed your time at the spa and your wonderful comments will surely be shared with the staff. Again, thank you for taking the time to write such a lovely review, we look forward to your next stay with us!
Right when we arrived we experienced excellent service. It's a mandatory valet service but it was not too expensive. The hotels courtyard was extremely beautiful (they often have weddings there). The room was very nice and spacious. It included robes and other nice complimentary items. Unfortunately the view from our rooms was not very nice. It was obscured by a tree. The breakfast restaurant at the hotel was delicious and it had a great Buffett that included all the standard breakfast items. I liked that they allowed you to charge your meal onto your room. My favorite part was the beauty of the hotel. Everything from the entrance to the courtyard, to the bathrooms were gorgeous. I highly recommend it. Great for a romantic get away.
This is the 3rd time staying at the hotel, so obviously we like it. The location is not too far from L.A. for a quick getaway. I think the price can be a bit high, we only stay if we get a good deal and so try to book early and with a AAA discount.The grounds are beautiful, it feels like a Hacienda. The pool is fairly large as is the jacuzzi. There's nice lounge chairs and it never seems too crowded. A good mix of young, old, families, business people having conferences, etc...No one will feel out of place. It is on the quite/reserved side though so I'm not sure how much kids would like it. We usually stay here with our teenagers when we're doing something in San Diego or La Jolla (water skiing, snorkeling, etc...) otherwise I think they would be a bit bored too.Food is fairly expensive, we usually try to do the Mustang's happy hour and then eat out other meals. I don't think I would recommend the food if we paid the full price vs. happy hour prices. The lengua tacos were fabulous as were the chicken wings. Moscow Mule was delicious, but it was strange they ran out of copper mugs. The bar/restaurant was very empty but they had to take our mugs from us at the table and refill for the second round. Service was friendly and fast.Rooms are comfortable, this time we stayed in basic room and didn't have a balcony which I missed. It's pretty to sit out and view their landscaping/fountains, etc..It feels very secluded. They provide you with a bottle of wine in the room which is a nice touch.Gym isn't large but has what you need- about 7 or 8 cardio machines, a few weight machines and free weights. It got a little full, but we were able to do our full routines both days with no issues.There were just a couple of negatives: self parking is so expensive at 25.00 a day. I really wish hotels would just add that in to the nightly room fee along with the resort fees. Each night ends up being 50 more when you add in extras like being able to park your car. Also they offered free coffee/tea service in the mornings but from like 5-6:30 a.m. in the morning which is insane. Who wakes up at 5 in the morning on vacation Either offer the coffee/tea at a normal time which is a minimal cost to the hotel and garners good will to guests or take it away.Dear bakeshop,Thank you for being a frequent and loyal guest at Estancia we're thrilled to be your hotel of choice when visiting the San Diego area. It's wonderful to hear how much you enjoy the peacefulness and beauty of our award-winning grounds, along with the comfortable luxury of our guest rooms, and the friendly hospitality of our staff. We appreciate you, once again, taking the time to share such a detailed review of your experience at our resort and we are looking forward to welcoming you back to Estancia again soon.
My husband and I stayed at Estancia over the Thanksgiving weekend. Thank goodness for our Thanksgiving dinner at Torrey Pines (where we'll be staying next time), or the weekend would have been a complete loss.Noise: The builders sure made a lot of money on this one, because the walls must be made of cardboard. You can hear your neighbors above and on the sides, you can hear everyone in the hallway (even when not directly outside your door), and you can hear TVs, heating and a/c from all adjoining rooms as they rumble through your room and ripple through your ceiling and walls. If you must stay here, insist on a top floor room (3rd Floor, I believe) to minimize overhead noise.Room Size: Hardly the square footage promoted (300 sq ft). You practically bang your knees on the armoire (TV set holder) as you pass by the foot of the bed. The hallway is a total waste, and the patio is a joke.Room Furnishings: There was a huge stain on the lampshade there was no lamp or light provided in the area of the suitcase dolly, so you rummaged in your bag in the dark. The TV was so very small and made a huge buzzing sound if it was muted. No regular blankets were provided, just sweat making, hot acrylic ones. Only 3 towels and 3 pillows were provided for 2 people. The bathroom light could only be turned on with the fan, which was so loud (I mean really loud) that a relaxing bath was impossible unless you wanted to bathe in the dark.Dining: In the restaurant, we asked what time dinner was served. We were told half an hour. In the bar, we ordered a drink in the bar. It never arrived. We went back to the restaurant half an hour later. We were told dinner wasn't being served for another half hour. Having already been given incorrect information once, we checked with a third restaurant employee who told us that dinner was not for another hour. Two wrong answers and an undelivered drink - that's how we ended up at the Lodge at Torrey Pines.Pool/Jacuzzi: The area was a mess, there were no towels, and there was no one from whom to get towels.Just Plain Tacky: The 17 parking charge, the 9 Hospitality Fee.Save your money for any other resort or hotel. There are tons of good ones in San Diego this is definitely not one of them. (P.S. - Sorry for the lag time between staying and reviewing. We moved, and I just unpacked my two pages of notes on our vacation.)
Just a 1 night stay after Thanksgiving with Family, and we were so impressed with the gracious service and beautiful amenities. The most attentive and delightful staff we felt like we were guests in a warm home! The food was delicious (best fish tacos!) Would absolutely return again!Thank you so much for your review. We have shared your kind words and positive feedback with the entire team. By the way, we launched a Facebook contest last week and we are giving away some spectacular Estancia prizes! All you have to do is become a fan and enter to win! We cant wait to welcome you back, but in the meantime we wish you a happy and healthy New Year.
We have stayed at the Estancia several times we always have a good time enjoy the ambiance of the property. This time, weekend before Christmas was exceptionally quiet we took advantage of that because we've been there w/ one or two weddings or a jazz concert on their large main courtyard it gets very busy, crowded noisy!The grounds are very pretty, the large pool area very inviting heated! w/ a decent sized spa adjacent plus facilities. The resort sits on 9 plus acres, so you can manage to find manicured nooks, some w/ fireplaces to enjoy that quiet time. . Adjacent to the resort on a nice walk is the Salk Institute next to that the Gliderport. Something to see if u enjoy watching gliders along the beautiful coastline! Keep in mind this resort is not in the busy w/ tight parking La Jolla downtown area, its more of a relax get away stay put kinda place at least for us:)If you want right on the coast but in downtown La Jolla I would also consider the Pantai Inn.The rooms we have had are the standard w/ King although not very large they are comfortable well decorated. Small fridge available (used to be the locked booze bar). The bathrooms are also spacious w/ tub shower all amenities. There is a security safe for your valuables good coffee tea by a nook in the entryway available. On this outing we had a balcony but it only had room for one seat to enjoy the smaller court yard below.The But comes with our experience w/ Mustangs Burros their restaurant/bar w/ a beautiful large stone/brick fireplace seating area. Since TripAdvisor doesn't want reviewers to talk about restaurants on the Hotel review portion I will cover that on my separate review.Suffice it to say one gripe that ties in to the Resort policy is that we called to make reservations asked if we can bring our wine bottle provided by the resort (included in your resort fee).The answer was of course, yet when we got there the first thing the hostess said was you cant drink your bottle here! It went south from there:(The staff did a good job to be polite attentive I expected that on a very slow weekend.Be aware that there is a separate Valet only parking fee besides the Resort fee, but expectthat all along the CA coast resorts. In light of our issue w/ the MB restaurant/bar I would recommend visiting the Estancia, and I hope they review/revise their policy on that!Its such a pleasure to read such a positive review from a recurring quest! We are so happy that you enjoyed the resorts ambience, pool area, and most importantly the service. We are so appreciative that we have the opportunity to apologize for the miscommunication at Mustangs Burros and will be certain to look into the matter to prevent a mix-up such as this from happening in the future. Thank you for taking the time to share your experience with us. We hope we are able to welcome you back again soon!
This is a great hotel for everyone. It seems very secluded but is only a few miles from La Jolla and easy access to the freeway. You could drive by the property and never see it.There are alot of trees/flowers/etc for a homey feeling.The spa and pool area are lovely as are the grounds.Alot of the rooms have balconies or patio's. The Adobe restaurant does a great breakfast. Buffet or ala carte.Mustangs and Burros has a great feel with an outdoor fireplace and music nightly. Their specialty is margarita's. Scented candles are all over the property and lit at night for a romantic feel. The hotel has alot of meeting space and is only 3 stories high.suite 124 is really nice if you want a nice place to relax. It is very large. The 'regular' rooms are a nice size also. The staff is great and very accomodating.
I booked this blindly on TripAdvisor so wasn't quite sure what to expect. The grounds in the hotel were beautiful, from the restaurant to garden to pool. The staff were extremely friendly and accommodating.
My husband and I spent 4 nights here. We visited the spa twice (massages and facials). Both experiences were perfect and the spa itself has amazing amenities and the staff is very friendly. Staff overall at the entire hotel is wonderful. Our package included breakfast each morning. The food and service were great, couldn't have asked for more! Couple of minor issues with the room, but when we spoke with management, they were very appreciative that we mentioned it and we were accommodated with a credit on our bill. Overall great experience and definitely would stay again!It was so wonderful to read all about you and your husbands recent stay with us! We are so happy to read that you both enjoyed your spa experiences as well as the great customer service you received. Your review will certainly be shared with the appropriate team as they will be so happy to hear all about your feedback. We truly hope to be able to welcome you both back again soon!
Estancia was perfect for a girls weekend (bachelorette party). Brett the concierge called the day prior to check on the reservation, and also worked diligently to get our group of rooms together. The grounds are beautiful and the rooms are very nice- especially the FRESH brand products in the bathroom!The highlight of the trip was the service we received at the pool. We rented 2 day beds for the day and Himiko was amazing. She was always checking in on us and provided fast and accurate service (our many drink orders were always right!).Dear RaRaP123456, We're delighted to hear that you and your friends had a great girls weekend at Estancia La Jolla. We're especially pleased to know that Brett and Himiko helped make your celebration special. We appreciate your feedback and hope to welcome you back soon for another La Jolla getaway.
Perfect Location!! You were steps away from the beach! Walking distance to some cool places! Some rooms have a breathtaking view .. Others not so much. Rooms are small for a family, but perfect for a couple. Parking is 20 per night. Thanks for the 4 out of 5! We appreciate you taking the time to leave a review and look forward to having you back. Don't forget to call us direct for your next stay, that way we can offer you the best rate room location. Thanks again for staying with us.
the office staff were very personable and helpful-but the overall condition/cleanliness was less than expected..if you are looking for a place to sleep and very close to beach and pier--this would fit the bill..rooms are dated-very small shower-(if over 6' u would be challenged)no table or chairs in room I was in..no a/c (if that matters to u)..bikes are available-(my mode of transportation) which saves u a rental..and if getting a ride to and from the airport--use lyft --get a coupon from the staff-very economical--vs using a cab or shuttle..Thank you for the nice comments regarding the staff, we try to make our guests feel welcome. Most of our rooms do have larger showers, I'm sorry to hear your room had a smaller shower than expected. Next time your in town needing simple accommodations, give us a call and we'll make sure you have a full size bath.
Clean little place, friendly staff, but VERY limited parking. Website only states 20 for self-park, but didn't mention that there was only 6 or 7 parking spaces, and they sell out quickly. Parking on the street is free, but 2 hour limit. We found a parking lot a couple blocks away that charged 40 for overnight. The room itself was clean, functional (our bargain room had a kitchen and full fridge - bonus!).The price was affordable. I would stay here again for sure! Thanks for the review. Sorry to hear about your parking experience. We do say in the confirmations to call in to reserve parking ahead of time. There is about 17 free street parking spots outside of the hotel. I wish we could of helped you get a spot. Glad you found the room clean and found value in your stay. We look forward to having you back!!Warm Regards,Justin
Needed a place to stay in SD, was going to stay at my normal big chain hotels when I went looking to see how much a hotel closer to the ocean was and this hotel popped up at the same price I would have paid at a Hotel Circle hotel. Hm, freeway view or ocean view! Just the thought of being by the ocean was all it took. The staff was very friendly, and can't wait until June to go back. Older building, but nicely renovated, and you have a refrigerator unlike the expensive hotels that do not! Great place to visit!Great review Mannie! Hope to see you back soon
Our stay was only 2 nights:Pro: location to the beachCons: shower was either cold or hotleaky toiletno acthe comforters were not clean (smelled like body odor)the pull-out was worn-outour window was where people walked by and constantly smelled of weedIf you stay here, come in cool weather, plan to shower elsewhere, if you have a 5th person-bring a blow up mattress and bring your own linens.
You will find the friendliest people in the business in the lobby of this hotel. They made my stay so wonderful and helped me, my husband and my 1yo daughter out with something everyday. Walk out your room and take 5 steps to the beach, quaint beachside restaurants, coffee shops, AMAZING TACOS, etc. I have stayed here twice now, and I think I will be booking every time my family visits San Diego. I am giving the Pacific View Inn a good review so they can get plenty of business and always be there, but I kinda don't want to so they're not booked up next time I try to get a room. Wow! Kind words from great guests. Thank you for taking the time to share your experience Sarah. We try to make our guests feel at home, and it's good to hear you enjoyed the time with your family in Pacific Beach. San Diego is a great city and it's nice to share it with people like you. See you next time!
The Pacific View Inn is in a wonderful location. It was lovely waking up to the sound of the ocean every morning. It is close to a plethora of restaurants and shopping. The only critique I have for the Inn is it is a bit out of date. It has a very 60's feel. I know it doesn't have AC but it wasn't an issue for me in December. They did provide a space heater which worked perfectly. The staff is amazing and friendly. All in all, I would recommend the Inn and I look forward to visiting again in the near future.Thank you for the great review! We are indeed outdated. The good news is, we plan to fully renovate the property this year. Hope to have you back afterward so that we can impress you. Don't forget to book direct so that we can extend the best rate possible. -Neil
We loved the staff and the location!! The shower of our unit needed some repairs, but the staff was open and honest about it so we were not shocked. Room was nice and clean. A great value compared to other beachside hotels!Thanks for the complements to the staff, we appreciate your kind words. Our property is set for a full renovation at the end of the year, hope we can have you back to share it. Thanks again for staying with us.
Very helpful staff members. Everyone was nice and courteous. The rooms are much bigger than the other reviews state. You can hear the ocean waves at night. There is beach equipment such as surf-boards, beach umbrellas, beach chairs, and bikes that are free to use which will save you money. Thanks for staying with us! We're thrilled to hear that our hospitality was well received, we work hard to provide our guests a welcoming environment. Next time your ready for a bike ride on the Pacific Beach boardwalk, give us a ring and we're happy to extend you a special rate for returning guests. Thanks again for staying at Pacific View Inn
We've stayed at this hotel before and it would seem it is under new management as the quality is not as good. In our room, the dresser drawers were either dirty or broken, the toiletries in the bathroom were inconsistent (there were several lotions but only one shampoo), and the breakfast wasn't very good. On both days, the sausage was... More
Staying in San Diego Then go here, as its accessible to everything and you can walk to Old Town and restaraunts. This hotel is on a hillside, so if you can't handle doing stairs, then this may not be the place for you. However, the hillside affords nice vistas of San Diego. Great to have a margarita in the restaraunt and look down on Old Town. Weekends can be noisy due to party crowd in Old Town, but week days are quiet.Thank you for leaving impressions of your stay. The Old Town Tequila Factory is our new restaurant and indeed, offers panoramic views of San Diego. Many rooms at the hotel also offer great views. We look forward to your next stay! Happy Holidays!
I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised by this Hotel. With Best Western, I only expect a place to sleep and shower. This hotel is a notch above other Best Westerns. We were helped by Dean at the front desk and he made us feel welcomed and answered all our questions. We appreciated the friendly check-in experience as we came from a hotel where front desk staff was rude and made us feel like an interruption. As a BW Gold member, we were also upgraded to a room with a nice view. The Spanish Hacienda architecture is charming and room furnishings were nice. Of course this is an older property and there is some wear and tear. You should consider staying here if you can get a rate 125. The location is perfect. You are right across the street from Mormon Battalion Historic Site and they run an awesome tour I'm not affiliated with LDS and they did not try to proselytize. There are numerous lively mexican restaurants in teh neighborhood and this was the perfect location to stay.Thank you for choosing to stay with us and your loyalty to Best Western. Your feedback is important and we really appreciate you drawing attention to the service you received from Dean while checking in. We want you (and all guests) to feel like a very important guest while you are here and that starts with warm responsive service. Thank you again for staying and please do not hesitate to contact me if there is anything I can assist you with.
This was our second stay here and I knew exactly where I wanted the location of the room to be, top floor overlooking city, I requested this with booking agent, not sure if this was passed on. The hotel changed the room to top floor but could not put us in a city view room, had one overlooking the road at the back which could be noisy at times. We were asked if we wanted to park on the road as they were full, so presume they were struggling with garage space. It was safe and saved 19 a day.The room itself was clean and large with two queen beds, table and two chairs, settee and table, fridge, safe, coffee maker, ironing facilities. The bathroom is looking old, the plug didn't stay in the bath, on the last day the sliding door was pushed back that far by the cleaning lady we couldn't get it out and the air con is very loud. Could also hearing the plumbing from adjoining rooms.The layout of the hotel is interesting as it is built on a hillside, not for people with walking difficulties. The grounds are beautiful. There is a pool with loungers, but for the size of the hotel is small.The location of Old Town is great, with plenty to see and restaurants and bars to walk to.All the staff we met were very niceJust a shame we didn't get our view as it has spoilt our previous memories.Thank you for your loyalty to Best Western Plus Hacienda Hotel Old Town. While its nice to hear you enjoyed your stay for the most part, Im so sorry we werent able to assign you to the room you desired. As Im sure you already know, there are many factors that go into room assignment such a room style, length of stay and previous guest check-out time. I hope youll give us another opportunity the next time you visit San Diego! Feel free to give my office a call so we can make sure you have the room you want. Booking direct will also guarantee the best reservation conditions. Thank you again for reaching out and leaving helpful feedback. I look forward to hearing from you. Enjoy your summer travels! Regards,Ryan AguinaldoGeneral Manager
Going to Old Town San Diego is so much fun and worth it. The reason that I didn't give this Best Western a better rating is because I've stayed at much nicer ones and there is an expectation on the Plus....but I did waffle between Aver. and Very Good. I think you can't go wrong for the location, but with that being said, the hotel is built on a hill and if you're looking for convenience in parking...be advised....yes, there's parking for an extra 15 and if the lot is full, well, be prepared to do street parking on a very steep hill and do some walking. There is valet parking for more , but after the price of the room, I didn't want to add to my bill. I didn't really mind the street parking b/c I ended up being lucky to be closer to the upper entrance...and, I'm fit and up for a little exercise, but if you're not, be prepared for that! Speaking of hills, being in the very upper part of the hotel there's a lot of outside stairs (that were beautiful in the setting), and there is a elevator, but can be a bit confusing finding your way by walking back down to the lobby. The entire hotel is broken up into different buildings, so I really don't know what the bottom part is like, but the upper blding room seemed nice when first walking in - they did a good job in decor, but to be honest (and why I didn't give it a better rating) it was pretty shabby - bathroom especially and the visual made it feel not so clean (I was one step away from laying down towels to make a pathway) and for 246.21 for a night there, I did expect a little better. I do realize it's in a prime location and that must be the rub! The lobby was very nice and I can't speak to the rooms lower down, but in peanut heaven, I think they need an upgrade! The morning coffee in the lobby wasn't anything special - it's the standard fare - fake creamers no raw sugar packets!It's such a great location...close to Coronado Island and especially to the airport if you have an early flight! It was perfect after a week at family wedding to end up there the day before flying out, was perfect! So, maybe it was very good, but I'm still giving it an average rating for the price!Thank you for your review and recommendations! Please come and see us again. We designed the decor and garden setting to match the vintage California style of Old Town. I am pleased to know there were many areas you found satisfaction in. We hope you will stay again. Please give us a call direct to get the best rates and reservation conditions. We can also work towards fulfilling any personal preferences with regards to room style and location. Enjoy your autumn and safe travels!
The wedding reception was great service with food and bar and cleaning staff at the reception, would go again, fantastic that they let us check in early I was traveling with my two kids and my 82 year old mother that uses a rolling walker they put us on the same floor as the reception and we only have to travel maybe 400 yards to our room. Thanks
On a recent trip to San Diego we booked online at this hotel. On arrival we found that what we had booked was not available. We had booked a king suite for 2 nights and they had us down for 2queen beds for only one night, after some discussion with the front desk a second night was arranged in the same room. Each evening on our return to the hotel we found that our key cards did not work, normally this is not a big deal but this hotel is not like others we have stayed at we're all of the rooms are in the same building. The rooms in this hotel are all in different buildings so a lot of walking is required. Our room was in building 400 facing the rear of a restaurant and each morning we were woke by garbage trucks around 5am. On our last evening there we tried several vending machines to get a bottle of Pepsi but all were out of service , so we went to the fron desk to ask if there was any way to get a bottle and we were told to drive to a store somewhere ourselves to pick it up. The person on the desk was very rude about it. All in all the location was great but the service and the noise outside are room was terribl. On our last morning at breakfast all of the dishes were dirty.We are disheartened to read your review. I'd like to apologize on behalf of our staff for any inconveniences you encountered while with us. It is disappointing that your experience did not reflect our usual high standards and we understand your frustration. It is constructive feedback, such as yours, that really help us get a clear perspective of the areas we need to improve. If another trip calls for a stay in San Diego, please contact me through the hotel. I would like to have our leadership team manage your reservation in a personalized manner. Thank you for taking the time to address these issues and we hope to welcome you back again.
This hotel is situated in the centre of Old Town with very close proximity to restaurants etc. Also 5 minutes walk to the tram station with frequent service to San Diego. This is a very attractive hotel, modern but built in the old Spanish style. Not recommended if you have difficulty with stairs as this is built on multiple levels. Let down a bit by the breakfast as there is very limited choice of hot food, but there are plenty of local cafes for breakfast.
Beautiful well-maintained property. Friendly staff. Strong internet signal in room. Comfortable bed. Clean bathroom. Good breakfast buffet with an amazing view from the patio. Highly recommend. Walking distance to Old Town.Greetings, and thank you for your recent stay. We strive to provide guests with effortless comfort and from your descriptions, we have succeeded. The recommendation is very appreciated. We look forward to welcoming you back to the Best Western PLUS Hacienda Hotel Old Town. Enjoy your summer travels! Regards,Ryan AguinaldoGeneral Manager
Cet htel, qui a des allures d'hacienda mexicaine, est en ralit un Best Western vieillissant et mal entretenu. Il est trs bruyant extrieurement ( aroport et autoroute) et intrieurement ( on entend les tuyauteries des voisins autant que la notre). La propret laisse dsirer, un cendrier non vid notre arrive , la femme de service venait juste de passer ! Les escaliers sont raides, pas de chance pour nous notre ascenseur tait en panne, et personnel de l'htel n'a pris nos bagages. Le restaurant de l'htel est inmangeable, petit djeuner infecte.
The hotel grounds were beautiful, they seemed to have quite a Mexican/ Spanish influence. The room itself was a bit tired but we were expecting this having seen photos. The air con was powerful but noisy. The pool was small but good for a city hotel and never too busy (we used it a fair amount). The hotel is huge though so I feel they were not at full occupancy. Location was excellent- just across the road from the old town. It was also a 10 minute walk from the trolley/ tram system which easily could take you to the centre of town, 5 for a day pass. We arrived at 10am and they were able to give us a room at midday which was nice. We were in block 8 which was just above the carpark. While convenient, most of the other blocks were in much nicer locations, some rooms with views. I dont know if they were different price as Im sure we had the cheapest option. At check in we were given some 20 off vouchers for the hotel restaurant and a free drink voucher which we used once and was quite nice.Thank you for taking the time to sharing your experience with us!Sounds like you had a great summer getaway. Glad to hear that you also took advantage of our complimentary drink voucher and discount at the Old Town Tequila Factory. Come visit us again soon. Remember, book direct on our official website for the best rates and reservation services we offer. Safe travels until then! Regards,Ryan AguinaldoGeneral Manager
Wonderful location ..... walking distance to shops restaurants trolly and train stations. Great staff, Vanessa at front desk and shuttle driver Rudy were exceptional. Lovely grounds and room very nice. Told everyone I know about our trip and planning another soon. Only drawback is parking limited but with train and trolley being only a couple of blocks walk away dont really need a rental.Thank you for recommending Best Western Plus Hacienda Hotel Old Town to friends and family! Your experience reflects that exceptional hospitality goals we strive for. Vanessa and Rudy will both receive recognition for providing great service! Im also happy to hear our location was super convenient for walking to restaurants, shops, the trolley and train. We look forward to your return. If you call direct, our team is happy to help with all aspects of trip planning including making sure youre getting the best rates we offer. Please dont hesitate to reach out to me if I can ever be of assistance. Until then - enjoy the beautiful spring season! Regards,Ryan AguinaldoGeneral Manager
an exquisite hotel and everything - and more as advertised on the web site. all of our expectations for quality, service, and ambience were exceeded. the hotel appearance, room decor, landscaping and amenities were surpassed only by the exceptioanal staff.So nice to hear your expectations were exceeded! This is exactly the kind of experience we strive for everyday. I hope that youll return again to the Best Western PLUS Hacienda Hotel Old Town. Well be waiting to welcome you! Regards, Ryan Aguinaldo General Manager
I had no expectations in coming to San Diego. I had visited the city 17 years prior and remembered it being beautiful, but I never made it to Old Town. My one goal for the couple of days we had there was to enjoy some Mexican Food. Well, did we come to the right place or what. The Best Western is situated on the side of the hill with a view of the city and the Pacific. It is like a maze and due to low season there were not a lot of people on the property. It felt like we had the place to ourselves. There is a heated pool and a hot tub which are lovely especially at night. We had two amazing experiences regarding the restaurant Acapulco when we were there. Our first night we arrived after a long day of traveling and we were exhausted and starving. It said in our room book that the restaurant closed at 10pm. I looked at the clock and it was 10:01. I called to ask if there was any chance of getting food. They brought us a HUGE platter of amazing Mexican food and a 6-pack and the total was only 70!!! I was so happy. The next morning for breakfast we went to Acapulco again and were greeted by the very friendly staff. The table next to us had a coupon which they couldn't use for some reason so after they left the waitress applied the coupon to our bill without our knowledge and saved us over 20.00 We were blown away. The room was huge and fit our group of 5 comfortably. The lobby was beautifully decorated for Christmas and they even gave my daughter a lovely Christmas gift from under the tree. It is a one minute walk to the main drag in old town and two minutes to a lovely park up the hill. Also the hotel is very close to the transit system and the State park (which is really cool).Thank you for brining attention to the warm responsive service you received while staying with us. Indeed, Old Town boasts some of the best Mexican fare in all of San Diego. Acapulco is a great choice for any meal we are grateful to have them right on our property. Overall, I am happy that we exceeded your expectations and delighted you with our central location!
What a great place in the heart of Old Town San Diego. Just minutes to walk to all the attractions, shops and restaurants in old town. The hotel is quiet, clean and comfortable. The staff was outstanding as Bobby checked our bags in as we arrived hours before we could check in. He even called us when our room was ready. Highly recommended. Thank you for taking time to share your experience. We take a lot of pride in hosting visitors and making sure everyone is settled and comfortable. Bobby is an asset and will be recognized for service excellence. Your recommendation is appreciated! Regards,Ryan AguinaldoGeneral Manager
This hotel is in a great location but the rooms are very outdated and I wasn't impressed with the noisy sliding bathroom door. The house keeping was very good the rooms cleaned every day. It was great being offered a complimentary breakfast lots of choice however one toaster. One morning the queue for breakfast was out of the door people just waiting around for toast. Whatever you do stay by the toaster or its gone. On a much more positive note I would stay here again as the staff are brilliant.Thank you for taking time to comment on your stay. Your feedback both positive and critical will be passed to the perspective departments for review. We take all concerns as insights for improvement. Glad to hear the team provided top notch and gracious hospitality. We hope to welcome you back. Please dont hesitate to reach out to my office if there is anything I can assist with. Safe travels until then! Regards,Ryan AguinaldoGeneral Manager
Beautiful Hotel in a beautiful location. Local to everything that San Diego is known for. The property and the staff help make it a beautiful vacation experience. It is part of Old Town, San Diego, which offers historical sites, shopping and great restaurants. The Hotel is central to all San Diego attractions. It is so quiet and peaceful at night.Thank you! I enjoyed your sentiment, It is so quiet and peaceful at night. This is the type of relaxing and comfortable environment we strive for. And indeed, we are in the heart of Old Town, walking distance to numerous restaurants, museums, parks, unique shops and the train station. We cant wait for you to return!
We needed a hotel near enough to the airport for a late-arrival into San Diego, and the BW Hacienda was an affordable choice. The service desk staff was friendly enough, but we did have to wait more than an hour for the shuttle to arrive at the airport for the 10-minute drive to the hotel. Being upfront about the delay could have let us call Uber to shorten our 13-hour travel day. The facility was clean enough, but a bit dated in style. There was some language miscommunication with the cleaning staff, but my fault for not running it through the front desk. The property is built on a multi-level terraced hill with multiple steps, patios, and elevators, so double-check your room location if you have concerns about walking any distance. We were about as far from the front desk as possible and had trouble remembering our route the first day. LOLThe free breakfast buffet was a nice surprise, with many options and good service.Thank you for your feedback. I am glad you found the hotels location convenient, your room clean and the staff friendly. Well pass your shuttle comments to the team to take a look at our efficiency levels. Normally, we dont have a problem with timing. Regarding your comment about steps to your room, I want to apologize for any inconvenience this caused. Six of our eight buildings do have elevators but because we are spread out on a hillside, there are also stairs. Please note that our staff is available 24 hours a day to assist with your needs and help you make the most of your stay. Thank you again for your helpful review, we appreciate it!Regards,Ryan AguinaldoGeneral Manager
The overall experience of staying 2 nights at the hotel was pleasant. Loved the location next to Old Town and the fact once we parked we never had to use our car until check out. A huge plus for my travel party. The shuttle driver was so nice and courteous and punctual. the room was ok as our room view was not what we desired.. I wanted a view of the city/ or bay, instead it was inside the courtyard. But beds and and room was decent. Breakfast was good served at the restaurant, that had a variety of offerings for all. The complaint I have was the Hot Tub, which was luke warm. We were very disappointed at the lack of heat of the spa. That was supposed to be relaxing and refreshing, instead it was like murky coldish bath water. I so wanted to love the hotel for future stays...Greetings, and thank you for your feedback. Im glad to hear that you found our location convenient, room comfortable and shuttle driver friendly. My apologies for the hot tub. Were looking into what might have been the problem! Before your next visit, please call the front desk directly to explore all room location options. We want you to have the views you desire. Youll also get the best rates we offer. Thank you again for staying with us! Regards,Ryan AguinaldoGeneral Manager
lovely great restaurant for Sunday brunch rooms were huge with different buildings lots of privacy great location to visit old town San Diego
Great location! A short walk to everything in Old Town! Lots of restaurants and shops very close by. Room was clean, but basic--2 tea bags in room! Check-in and check-out was quick and easy!Beds were clean and comfortable. I was disappointed for the price paid that there was no breakfast included, and when we happened to eat breakfast at the restaurant there is was less than adequate. Our breakfast order, which we put out on our door, was not picked up at night so we had the surprise of no breakfast in the room the next morning, but the clerk in reception comped our meal as a result, which was the right thing to do.Thank you for sharing your experiences while with us. Your feedback regarding the mistake we made on your breakfast order is invaluable. I am thankful our leadership team did the right thing, and comped your meal. Based on your overall happiness with your stay, we hope you will give us a chance to welcome you back. If you have any questions regarding breakfast options, feel free to call us before you make your reservation. Thank you again!
Cool hotel/resort in Old Town, close to everything. The hotel has many buildings, and extends up a hilly street. We were at top level, with a great view of Old Town and ocean. Tequila Factory restaurant on site--great food, drinks, and view of the city!Highly recommended!
Hotel staff very nice, hotel is confusing to get around. Restaurant is inconsistent one meal excellent next bad.overall I would not stay again. The trolly is close so easy to get around San Diegos hot spots.Thank you for your detailed feedback on your recent stay with us. While it sounds like there were several positive aspects to your stay such as our location and attentive service, it sounds like there were a few areas with room for improvement as well. Were continuously updating and improving aspects of our property and use guest reviews to direct our future efforts. We hope that well have another opportunity to win your loyalty! Regards,Ryan AguinaldoGeneral Manager
I did the research on Tripadvisor and I must say it was exactly what people reported. It is within walking distance to all the restaurants and shops, the property is beautiful and well maintained with vibrant floral landscaping, tile stairways and wonderful seating areas. It is a bit of a maze, but this makes the property very fun to explore and if you are stair adverse you can easily navigate the property by elevator. We stayed in building 6 in room 641 top floor at the end of the building, nice size room. The room was dated but the bed was comfortable. Microwave, refrigerator and coffee maker are nice amenities. There was a sitting area with a chair and a small, uncomfortable couch. The carpet at minimum could use a good cleaning, but the rooms really need updating. If you only plan on using the room to crash after a great day of sightseeing this hotel is perfect.
Great experience. Has been a while since we stayed at a BW, but glad to see the brand kept it's service quality and stands out. We loved the hotel. We'll make sure we come back the first chance we get.I cant think of a higher compliment than your intention to return. Thank you for choosing us and leaving such a kind review. Dont hesitate to reach out of I can ever be of assistance. Enjoy the season! Regards, Ryan Aguinaldo General Manager
Check in was 7/3/14, and we arrived early. This front desk lady explained that we needed to wait a little longer for our room but gave us a parking voucher for our car drink coupons. We didn't mind, as it seemed there was plenty to walk around do while waiting. My birthday was the next day on July 4th our reservation was for 3 nights. I was using BWR points that I'd saved for 3 years, as I am also a Best Western employee in another town. Later at check in, a different front desk lady issued our room keys, but had us scheduled for only 1 day, (checking out 7/4/14). After I questioned her, she fixed it in the system, but did not fix my keys, even though I asked her if my keys were ok, she assured me they were. She seemed like a new employee, but said I was good to go. She did not explain that breakfast was NOT included in our stay, nor did she mention a 14 fee for the parking voucher per day. We did know about the 20 per night pet fee. We went to breakfast the next morning, July 4th, and had to pay for it. That's how we found out about the breakfast vouchers. So upon returning to our room later that morning, we were locked out! My husband was upset, so I took the long walk down to the lobby to fix it. The front desk lady was very nice fixed my keys then gave me 2 breakfast vouchers for the next day 2 more drink coupons for our trouble, and cuz it was my birthday. We ended up giving our 6 drink vouchers to a couple in the bar it made their day! Later that afternoon I ran into Douglas Frost, a Front Desk Manager. He liked my puppy Gizmo. I told him it was my birthday explained that I work for Best Western. It was a pleasure talking to him. He was genuinely concerned that we were locked out and not informed of the rules regulations of his hotel upon checking in. He said he would look into it and get back to me. He must have got busy, as I never did hear back from him. However, at check out my parking pet fees were wiped off my credit card. We did use 1 breakfast voucher on Sat another on Sun. My husband doesn't eat breakfast, but we both got to have coffee at the restaurant both days. Nancy cleaned our room that afternoon, minutes after we asked. Thank you for that. A huge Thank you to Hector the bartender for a birthday flan bowl equipped with a lit candle. The Mariachi guys sang Happy Birthday in Spanish English to me. They didn't know my name so they called me Miss America! It was really cute. Upon leaving for the fireworks show at the beach, I slipped on the curb outside the Tequila Facory, cutting my ankle foot in 4 places. The beach was beautiful, however there were no restaurants available, no restrooms available barely anywhere to stand, sit or walk. The fireworks were Spectacular! Found out the next morning that there were over 1/2 million people at the beach for the show It took us 3 hours to get back to our hotel by trolly. Overall, I appreciated the friendly personalities of TRUE Best Western Family Employees. It's easy to see that Best Western cares about their guests, regardless the circumstances. Thank you for a great time.Happy Birthday and thank you for staying with us! Your review is meaningful and we do hope to welcome you (and your pup) back to the hotel again soon.
Was great! Everything was wonderful and would stay again there . It was clean and well maintained . Front desk clerk was friendly and helpful . The bed was comfortable , the shower head needed more pressure , as to take off the shampoo fast . Everything was great , thanks for a great stayYou are welcome! Thank you for being our guest during Thanksgiving week. Your words, everything was wonderful are music to our ears and I look forward to sharing your review with my team. Any great hospitality experience starts with the people. We hope your travels will bring you again. Remember, the best rates are always found when booking direct. Happy Holidays! Regards,Ryan Aguinaldo,Director of Sales and Marketing
The room was clean and the staff was friendly. The way the rooms were set up made it easy to get turned around and lost. Because we got the managers special are breakfast was not included. I feel that happen because it was a full restaurant and not a buffet. I have stayed at other Best Western and that has never happened. I was very disappointed. Thank you for your sharing your experience. We never want anyone leaving our hotel feeling disappointed so for that, I am sorry. Regarding your question about breakfast, we offer a complimentary breakfast for those that book directly on the hotels website as well as AAA/AARP guests. We apologize for any inconvenience caused to you. If you would like add anything to your review or discuss anything further, please contact me through the hotel. I would welcome the opportunity to answer any questions you may have and hopefully win another chance to secure your loyalty! Thank you again.
I recently stayed at the Best Western Hacienda for the week, and I cannot rave enough about the great location of the hotel. Located right in the heart of Old Town San Diego, there are great Mexican restaurants and shopping right outside your door. Unfortunately, the location is the only thing I would rate as Excellent.The rooms were a bit out of date, they could definitely use some updates, especially in the decor-area. The rooms were very, very dark. Not what I would expect in sunny San Diego.I believe my room was especially noisy. I stayed in the 700 building which backs up to the restaurants on the main street. Every morning at 5:30, the garbage truck would back up outside my window and unload the dumpster. Even on Sundays. I also had an adjoining room to a family of four. I could hear every single thing through the door between our rooms, including bathroom noises (not to be too graphic...)We also booked our rooms with the El Presidente package. It entitled us to a free breakfast and free dinner (with two free drinks). The breakfast was decent, especially the days when they had French Toast which was really good. The dinners were okay, with a very limited menu. We chose to eat in town quite a few nights and pass up the free dinners. Strangely, being a part of the El Presidente package also seemed to limit where you were allowed to sit in the restaurant. It would have been nice to eat outside.Overall, I think the hotel is a good value. The location is great and within walking distance of a lot of great sites. I probably would not recommend the hotel if you planned on staying indoors all day!
We stayed for 2 nights. Only issue, the TV was over 20 feet away from place to sit and watch. As two women traveling alone we felt very safe here. The hotel is one block from Old Town and looks out over most of the area. Nicely decorated and landscaped. Pool and hot tub were nice but I would make sure your room was not over that area. Will stay again.
This place does a lot of things right. However i can't justify the price of the hotel. Price should be way less , i know its san diego but still. I know the price spikes up during the summer but its still way too much. I went for business and leisure both very expensive times.Thank you for being a loyal guest of our Best Western PLUS Hacienda Hotel Old Town. While it sounds like youve had overall pleasant experiences, were sorry to note that you feel the overall value is lacking for the rate. Were sharply competitive with comparable hotels in and around Old Town but as you said, the rates can fluctuate with the seasons and special events. Feel free to give the hotel a call direct to confirm that youre getting the best rates we offer. It also pays to book from our hotels official website. We hope to hear from you. Enjoy your summer travels! Regards,Ryan AguinaldoGeneral Manager
Loved everything about this place. The service, grounds, room, restaurant, bar/lounge, food was all wonderful. Was really nice having a van that dropped off and picked up from airport, train station and ferry terminal. It was great to just walk down the street and you were right in Old Town with all the shops and restaurant.Thank you for highlighting the service, rooms, restaurant and the beauty of our grounds as the reasons you gave us a glowing review. One of the most complimented features of the hotel is the grounds! For those planning a visit, Ill add this descriptions. There are several patio areas with tables and chairs, fountains and blooming bougainvillea and succulents. The hotels walkways are accented with beautiful tiles. The hotel is terraced giving it an even more romantic feeling. We hope your travels bring you back again this year. The holidays are a special time to be in Old Town if you can make it! Regards,Ryan AguinaldoGeneral Manager
I have written almost 150 reviews on Trip Advisor almost all of which were rated Very Good or Excellent. I am not a chronic complainer, but this is one of my rare negative reviews.I stayed at the Best Western Hacienda Old Town for 2 nights on November 8th and 9th. My stay started out very positive, but ended on a negative note.First, the positives:Its a great location is the heart of Old Town San Diego. The hotel has a great restaurant on site Old Town Tequila Factory which I rated favorably. Dozens of other restaurants and shops are within a short walk.The Old Town Transit Center is also a few blocks away. There, you can hop on the Trolley to go to Downtown, Qualcomm Stadium and the Mission Valley shopping malls.The negatives:This location charges for parking -- 15 per day (10 for AAA members). This is also one of the few Best Westerns which doesnt offer a free breakfast (AAA members get a 25 discount off their breakfast buffet).My biggest complaint is that I didnt receive any housekeeping service on Monday. When I complained to the Front Desk on Tuesday, they made matters worse.I was traveling on vacation and wanted to sleep later on Monday morning, so I put out my Do Not Disturb sign. I removed the DND sign at 10am Monday when I left for the day. I returned to my room after the football game at 10:30pm to discover that my room was never cleaned.When I mentioned this Tuesday morning, the Front Desk clerk turned the problem around and basically said that it was MY fault that my room wasnt cleaned. I should have called Housekeeping to request service.I have worked in a hotel for 25 years, so I know thats not the way it works. If there is a DND on the door in the morning, Housekeeping returns after lunch to recheck the room. Clearly, this wasnt done.I am not the type of guest who expects a free stay for any minor problem, but I do think it would be appropriate to receive some compensation for my inconvenience of returning to a dirty room.The price I paid for the room includes the cost of providing housekeeping services. If the hotel fails to provide a promised service, they should not charge for it.I have requested that the hotel issue me a refund for the 20 parking fees which would be 10 discount off my total bill. I think that this would be fair and appropriate amount for returning to a dirty room.The Front Desk Manager has admitted that they made a mistake, but the hotel is refusing to issue a refund or any form of compensation for my inconvenience. In light of this poor customer service, I have given the hotel a Poor rating.Thank you for your feedback. As a result of your review, we have revisited our procedures in order to make the changes needed. I apologize for the housekeeping oversight. Please feel free to reach out to me directly if another stay in Old Town is on your agenda so that I can assign a team member to personalize your experience. Happy Holidays!
We came back after a bad experience last year as the manager offered us a discount to try it out again. Overall the staff were friendly except for when we checked in. We went to the lounge after check in and waited over 15 minutes before being acknowledged (while sitting at the bar), and then another 10 minutes before we received a drink. I really wanted to eat there as the food looked amazing last year, but we chose to dine somewhere else. Our hotel room was beside a meeting room that was booked both mornings of our stay so we were woken up at 6:45am both days. Their food beverages were set up outside our window so it was loud and we were not able to sleep in. The hotel itself is beautiful and the hot tub pool area is a lot of fun. The rooms are a bit difficult to locate as there are multiple buildings and levels.
I love staying at this hotel, it is our go to one every time we visit San Diego. Staff is great, friendly and knowledgeable about the area. Love that we park and are able to walk around Old Town. Rooms are clean and spacious for our family.
I like this hotel because while most hotels are all the same (hallways, same kinds of service, rooms, etc), this hotel is on the side of a hill and has a plaza with all rooms opening to fresh air. As long as you don't get a room on the far side (away from the beach), you'll most likely be happy. Has a beautiful courtyard.Thank you for highlighting our unique layout. Our property has several courtyard areas with tables, gardens and fountains for guests to enjoy. Your recommendation to travelers is appreciated!
Pleasantly surprised at the quality of this hotel. Our room had a sleeping room and a siting room with two TVs, which was a nice bonus. The hotel was conveniently located in Old Town as well as having a restaurant on site. Breakfast was great as was view of city. Its always wonderful to hear weve exceeded expectations! Thank you for taking the time to share your impressions. Sounds like your suite was perfect! We are also pleased our location right in the heart of Old Town, met your visiting needs. We hope you will visit us again soon and Happy New Year! Regards,Ryan AguinaldoGeneral Manager
I have been going to San Diego on business and pleasure for forty years. After trying places in La Jolla and all over San Diego, I have settled on this as the BEST place in town all round. The staff at the lounge, particularly Alicia and Hector, are excellent, as are Amber and Gabriela at the front desk. Try one of Hector's top-shelf margaritas. Breakfast is an excellent value, too.
Could be a great hotel but it needs to be modernized. The exterior is attractive and fits the location (Old Town) however the rooms are run-down dark and noisy. The internet kept dropping us and it was very slow. Breakfast buffet was meager, and the same items daily. Our rate included a free drink, ONE free breakfast per couple, one appetizer. The parking situation is weak. The garage is so tight that many guests took two spots. That is unacceptable someone should enforce that.Thank you for complimenting the attractiveness of our grounds and superior location. The style of the hotel is designed to fit into the vintage California charm of Old Town. Before your next stay, please reach out to either Dean Feather stone (our Asst. Front Office Manager) or myself so we can be sure to personalize your room assignment. I am confident we can find something that suits your preferences, in a quieter location here. I also do appreciate your candor with regards to the restaurant and parking. All comments are taken seriously by our leadership team in our ongoing efforts to improve guest satisfaction. Thanks again for staying and we hope to hear from you before your next San Diego visit.
Three of us stayed here before a Baja trip and then came back for 3 more days to be a tourist. Appreciated that they had a shuttle to pick us up within 20 mins from the airport. Using AAA card gave us a free buffet breakfast which was quite good. We first came on a Weds which was a an evening they had free Mexican food and a drink in the lobby which was good enough for our dinner that night. The room was fine and the beds were comfortable. The staff were all pleasant and even the housekeepers like Carmen, gave us warm greetings each day. The views over the city especially at sunset were enjoyable and the patios had pretty plants. Too chilly in Feb to try the pool but it looked nice. We were in the 300 building the first time and the 600 one the 2nd time. The 600 one takes a bit of effort to wind your way to it through 3 or 4 elevators but the rooms were fine. The Tequila restaurant was good for drinks and a snack and also for meals. Only a matter of a minute to walk to the town or to get the hop on hop off bus. A 5 minute walk takes you to the tram where you can then get a bus to the zoo. Not hard to figure out and the locals were also helpful. Greetings, and thank you for your recent stay. Its always a delight to hear about our guests experience. Your description is filled with great tips which will surely be helpful to those planning a visit. Carmen is an asset to our housekeeping team and will receive recognition! We hope your future plans will include a return visit. Please feel free to reach out to me if I can offer any assistance. Until then - we wish you safe travels! Regards,Ryan AguinaldoGeneral Manager
Located right in the heart of Old Town, the Best Western Hacienda is walking distance to all the shops and restaurants in Old Town. That means you'll have no problems with the 32oz. margaritas.Rooms are spacious and well-furnished with microwave, coffee machine, hair dryer and safe. The gym is also well-equipped with high quality treadmills and exercise bikes and a universal machine. There are no free weights but there is free bottled water and towels.The breakfast buffet was good but may not be included if you book through a third party site. The hotel is built on a hillside and some of the upper level rooms require some stair climbing. If you wish to avoid that, be sure to ask for a lower level room. Parking is somewhat limited. There is a covered lot that charges a fee for overnight parking or you can choose to park in the free lot on the corner. There are perhaps 20 to 25 spaces in the free lot so plan accordingly.Greetings, and thank you for the excellent, and humorous review! Im pleased to read you found our rooms well appointed and amenities ample. The breakfast buffet at the Old Town Tequila Factory will always get your day started out right! We look forward to welcoming you again. Heres to the new year! Regards,Ryan AguinaldoDirector of Sales and Marketing
We loved visiting San Diego. This Best Western was in a neat location in Old Town. The hotel charged for parking, but we were able to find free parking on the street all three days we were there. The rooms are a bit dated and musty, but the grounds were lovely. We sat outside in the courtyard each morning to have our coffee. :) There are lots of stairs in this place. I would stay here again simply for the location.
Outstanding Hotel Close To Every Thing The Tequila Factory Was Excellent For Food And Drinks Close To The Best Of Old Town Cafe Coyote and Old Town Mexican Cafe Would Definitely Stay Here Again Fantastic ServiceWe have a great team here and sincerely appreciate your acknowledgements. Thank you for this excellent review highlighting service, location and the cuisine at the Old Town Tequila Factory! We look forward to welcoming you back again soon! Happy Holidays!
I travel for business and I stayed at the Best Western Hacienda Hotel and it was great the staff was friendly and professional and the rooms were clean and well decorated and there was easy access to entertainment and food.Were pleased to hear you had a good stay while conducting business in San Diego. We make every effort to expectations of guests so your compliments of the cleanliness of the rooms and friendliness of the team are much welcomed. For business or leisure we offer a variety of conveniences including the exercise room, complimentary breakfast and computers in the lobby for guest use. We also offer a complimentary shuttle to major points around the city.
The hotel was very well kept and in a quite and safe area. The hotel is resort style so the propery is several different buildings tied together with courtyards. The outdoor pool area was clean and well kept. The rooms were standard but very nice. The entire property felt very authentic with the local area. Also, having a restaurant right on property was very convienent. All of the local restaurants and shops were easily within walking distance. If we visit San Diego again we will definitely stay here! Thank you for taking time to leave a glowing review of your experience. This is the kind of excellent description that really helps travels planners get a sense of all we offer. Were glad that you enjoyed our vintage California style as well as the cuisine at our rooftop restaurant, Old Town Tequila Factory. For those planning travel on a weekend, Ill mention their excellent Saturday and Sunday brunches! We hope youll get the opportunity to return. Remember to book direct for the best rates and any specials we have going on. Until then - safe travels! Regards,Ryan AguinaldoGeneral Manager
Located on a hillside overlooking Old Town San Diego, the Best Western Plus Hacienda has charm but has a rather quirky layout. It used to be a shopping center and has several levels and elevators that sometimes don't work. Be prepared to walk lots of stairs especially if you're in Building 6 like we were. I booked a room with a two queens and a sofa sleeper for our family of five but when we got to our room in Building 4 there was no sofa sleeper. We headed back down to the lobby and the front desk clerk asked, Are you sure We had to laugh at that. Another staff member offered to show us two other room choices. She walked us around to the rooms and was very courteous and professional. Our luggage was moved from the old room to the new room in Building 6 quickly and efficiently. The parking area for Building 6 is very small and fills up early in the evening. The parking spaces themselves are impossibly narrow and hard to get out of. The local channels on our TV were awfully static and hard to watch while the cable stations came in clear. But in spite of all that, our room was clean, comfortable and spacious enough for our family. Old Town is a great area to stay in with lots of restaurants, museums and things to explore. Plus it is centrally located...less than 10 - 15 minutes to Downtown, Balboa Park, La Jolla Cove and the Airport. Good stay, great location!Thank you for your recent stay with us and for taking the time to tell us what you thought! I apologize the room didnt have the sofa sleeper as expected, but Im very happy to hear one of our staff members went the extra mile to remedy the situation and get you into a room suited nicely for your family! Please come see us again the next time you are in the area, and until then-- happy travels!
Great location with great restaurants around and shopping. Love Churchill's Cigar lounge with a very good wine list! Within walking distance all. Street fair on the weekends...........................Thank you for staying with us and for taking the time to tell us what you thought! So glad you enjoyed the wine at cigars at Churchills and the street fair in Old Town on the weekends. Our location is quite convenient to both and the street fair is a big hit with most guests! Have an amazing summer, and we look forward to seeing you again!
From the time you arrive at the front desk your eyes are filled with so much to take in and appreciate to the staff doing everything they can to answer any question you may have and make your stay wonderfull. Then you get to your room and are pleasantly surprised on just how much care and effort was put in to match the location of the old town feel. Great jobExcellent review and comments. We know that any great hospitality experience starts with smiled and in so pleased this carried through to your entire stay. The hotel design was inspired to match the vintage charm of Old Town thank you for noticing the care we put into it. We hope you'll consider our Best Western your home away from home when visiting San Diego. Until next time, happy travels! Regards,Ryan AguinaldoGeneral Manager
my sisters and I love this hotel. It has everything we like within walking distance. I have stayed there a few times with my husband too. I like the views and the nice pool area too. We hope to stay there many more times in the future. MariaThank you for your generous review. We are happy to hear you and your sisters all love the hotel! Please visit again soon.
The hotel complex is spread out onto several different buildings and levels, including the parking garages, pool level, plazas and walkways joined by many stairways and elevators. You will need your property map and directions from the front desk, but for me it is worth discovering the beautiful plantings, fountains, plazas and vistas on the different levels.If climbing stairs is an issue make sure your nearest elevator is working and you don't have a room in the one building without elevator access.The breakfast buffet is generous, but for me the best part of the Tequila Factory restaurant is the several open or glass enclosed terrace dining areas which have wonderful views of San Diego harbor and Point Loma in the distance, both in the morning evening.When I visited in October there was an hourly shuttle to the airport and some local landmarks as well as on request pickup from the airport.We're honored to receive your review! As a seasoned traveler and reviewer, you know what it takes to make a hotel stay into a beautiful experience. Thank you for the eloquent descriptions of our property and the photos you attached. They make a nice addition to our Tripadvisor page. We hope your travels will bring you back to Old Town soon. Please let me know if I can ever be of assistance. Enjoy the season!Regards,Ryan AguinaldoGeneral Manager
We stayed here the summer of 2017. This is a interesting hotel. With a multilevel villa layout. They have a fountain courtyard area. There is also a restaurant up on the hill with a great view. The rooms were decent size and clean. Our room was in the building across from the lobby and we had to walk a distance to find the breakfast area. But the breakfast buffet was very good with lots of choices. We enjoyed staying at the hotel and eating at the restaurant and the buffet breakfast. We will stay there again when in the area. They also had a fun little selfie area where you can get a family picture and it sends it to your phone or email.Thank you for highlighting ambiance, cleanliness and our breakfast buffet at the Old Town Tequila Factory as the reasons you would be inspired to choose us again. We sincerely enjoyed hosting your San Diego visit! Regards,Ryan AguinaldoGeneral Manager
My husband and I stayed for the second time at the Best Western Hacienda Hotel in Old Town, San Diego for a quick weekend getaway. We had such a great time...we are loyal customers to this hotel. The staff is very friendly, and the location is ideal. It's so great to be able to just park your car once, and be within walking distance to Old Town, with lots of shopping and restaurants like Fred's. We had a gorgeous view, with a perfect room with a nice balcony, overlooking the pool. It's a nice, quiet hotel, even while being over the pool! The decor is nice, and the lack of noise was amazing. Even with a wedding reception going on below, we still slept great!
Arrived early rooms wasnt ready, so took a walk around the old town. Very Mexican also very quaint. The hotel its self was very nice, staff help full. Our room was good size with a balcony over looking the pool. Tried the restaurant one night, found the food to be very tasteful. A wonderful waiter whos name I forgot ( sorry ) was very informative about San Diego. Overall a lovely hotel and wound recommended and definitely stay again if ever in San Diego. Thank you for your recent stay at our Best Western. Im happy to hear you took a stroll through Old town while waiting for your room. Did you get a chance to see the Heritage Park or the Whaley (haunted) House next door There is a lot of history here! Ill pass your regards to the team at the Old Town Tequila Factory, our rooftop restaurant. Glad to hear you enjoyed the service there and at the hotel. We strive to offer gracious hospitality and your comments let us know we succeeded. Looking forward to your return and sincerely appreciate the recommendation. Wishing you a colorful autumn season! Regards,Ryan AguinaldoGeneral Manager
I looked forward to staying at this hotel for so long and I was so disappointed. My room never got cleaned, the young lady at the front desk on Friday was just plain rude when answering questions about the hotel. There were numerous areas of the hotel that needed attention badly. From a distance it looks beautiful, but up close the hotel was just plain dirty and run-down. I fully realize this Best Western because of it's location does a huge volumn of business, which is all the more reason that things should be kept in much better condition. I would love to visit again because the views are wonderful and the beds are comfortable. However, the water running all night as well as the unkept grounds and bad service may cause me to change my mind. I am afront office manager at another BW location and I simply can't believe the things I saw and heard during my visit to this property.
The Hotel has terrible WiFi that randomly disconnects every few seconds. The parking is bad and there are only like 2 elevators. This hotel is not meant for disabled people or elderly, even those who have trouble walking up stairs or have bad knees. I had to carry all my suitcases up three flight of stairs just to get to my room. I even had to help two elderly people carry their suit cases up the stairs. The layout of the hotel map is confusing as it is. If anything the Hotel needs to add more elevators for each building and not only for two buildings. The only reason I booked this hotel was due to the lack of hotels during Comic Con. I won't be going to this hotel again.I am so sorry to hear you experienced inconveniences while getting around the property. This is not the kind of experience we want our guests to have. Our team can usually assist folks with luggage and getting to the room, as most hours we do have a bellman. Also, seven of our eight buildings have elevators. Again, my apologies we did not better anticipate your needs. If there is anything further you would like to add to your comments that would assist us in improving the experience, please feel free to reach out to me through the hotel.
Service was terrible. Never showed up with the corkscrew they said they would bring. Construction outside the room. Great if you want a 7:00am wake up call using a jackhammer! Otherwise nice hotel in a good location if you are coming or going from San Diego International.
The Hacienda is truly in Old Town, San Diego. We could walk to numerous restaurants, the transit plaza, and see how things were done long ago. However, the hotel is very modern with a great heated pool, free breakfast with many choices, and beautiful courtyards with gorgeous flowers. The rooms are large and very comfortable, and the price is right. A perfect choice for visiting San Diego This is exactly the kind of experience we strive for - effortless comfort. Its nice to stroll through Old Town! Thank you for taking time to share you experience. Also, pleased to hear you enjoyed our heated pool, flowering landscape and relaxing courtyards. We look forward to welcoming you again! Regards,Ryan AguinaldoGeneral Manager
A treasure in Old Town San Diego, a charming hotel with a wonderful staff, a great restaurant, excellent margaritas, and walking distance to the trolly and some of the best Mexican restaurants in the U.S. All this and costs much less than the fancy downtown hotels.
The Hacienda Hotel is like a home away from home for me. I travel a lot and my stay here is always exceptional. The Hacienda is a beautiful hotel, the grounds are breathtaking, the area is safe, the hotel rooms are clean, and the staff are very friendly, especially McKenzy. The last time I stayed here my son proposed to his girlfriend by the courtyard fountain. So the Hacienda will always be very special to me!!!What a sweet memory! Thank you for taking the time to share why our hotel is special to you. Ill let McKenzy know she was in your thoughts and her warmth left a lasting impression. For anyone planning a family reunion or group visit, McKenzy is a great person to speak with. We hope you will visit again soon!
This will be the third time we have stayed at this hotel. It is a very nice hotel with all the ammenities you would need but not all you might find in a five star hotel. But , considering the location to the airport, Amtrak Location, and Old Town ( a very nice array of restaurants,bars and gift shops in a revitalized set of buildings dating back to the late 1880's. You can walk and see a great deal. Legoland is about 45 minutes north of the hotel in Carlsbad. And, about 20 minutes from the San Diego Zoo. Both attractions are family related . You will spend the entire day at each location. Back at the hotel, you will find a parking fee of 10.00 a night. The restaurant located just at the back of the facility has a nice bar,with lots of t.v.s playing sporting events and a restaurant that offers a nice meal at a 10- 20 range . Here's the deal though ! If you are a AAA Automobile member, you can't get a better deal ,period! If you use your AAA card you pay up 20 off per night, 50 off the parking per night and 2 free buffet breakfasts each day of your stay. Use the card and you will return home filled with happy thoughts knowing you had a great time and won't have a huge credit card bill the following month.Thank you for your loyalty! Were honored to receive such a thoughtful recommendation. Indeed, our plethora of amenities plus an excellent location, make us a prime choice for San Diego tourists and business travelers alike. Dont hesitate to reach out to us if there is every anything we can do to make your stay even better.
We really enjoyed staying at this hotel. It is right in the heart of Old Town, and has the theme of the area. The breakfast was very nice as well. Only negative is the bed was a bit harder than I prefer, but pillows were good.Thank you for your excellent review! Its always great to hear when our location, ambiance and amenities work out well. It sounds like youve been a guest before and appreciate you choosing us again. Dont hesitate to reach out to me if there is ever anything I can assist with. We research the purchase beds that satisfy the majority of guests but let us know if there is an issue so we can see what can be done.Safe travels! Regards,Ryan AguinaldoDirector of Sales and Marketing
The service and amenities at this hotel are excellent! The rooms are clean and the beds are comfortable. The food and drinks in the restaurant are a plus. The hotel is located in a very desirable location, close to my business and to Old Town San Diego.
The room had a water leak and moldy smell. No bathroom exhaust, noisy heater and poor sound proofs from noise on room above. The location of this hotel is perfect, though! You can walk from the hotel to the OTSD best restaurants and shopsThank you for being our guest! While delighted to hear you enjoyed our prime location in Old Town, Im sorry to read there was a maintenance issue in the room. Ill be looking further into this to make sure it has been fixed. In the unlikely event something like this should happen again, please let us know so we can take care of it right away. I hope this experience wont dampen your interest in staying again. If travel brings you to the area, please call us direct so we can ensure your experience matches our reputation. Regards,Ryan AguinaldoDirector of Sales and Marketing
Stayed here in the Spring of 2012. The location is great for walking around the Old Town area, and conveniently located to drive most places in San Diego. I think this place has a bit of arrogance in the way their run their business, though. When we arrived to move into our room with bay views, we got shoveled in a dirty, smelly room in the far upper corners of a building facing a park. I called the office and asked why we were paying for a bay view and got this room. We had to haul our luggage back down to the parkade and drive all the way back to the office to talk to them. They seemed quite upset that we were questioning the room we got they tried again with a room directly across from the stairwell facing a wall, but we refused that room as well. Their third try was this is the last room we have, which we took. It did face the bay, but was a corner room with the stairwell right in front of the door, which made it a little noisy when people's children were running up and down the stairs and breezeways. It was quite a big larger than the first room they tried to put us in, though. When I asked why we didn't get the room we had booked months in advance, the response was we're full. Huh Stay was OK because we didn't have to engage with the staff again until we checked out. Lots of steps and climbs up and down the road if you're in the upper buildings. Restaurant staff on the arrogant side as well. Must be catchy at this hotel! Parking is horrible - don't bring anything bigger than a Ford Fiesta! Wouldn't stay here again. Sadly, they have a great location, but really indifferent, slightly arrogant, almost rude staff. I'd head for Coronado next time!
Stayed 2 nights in April 2013. Well maintained and nicely landscaped property. The property is on a hill overlooking the Main Street of old Town San Diego with more Mexican restaurants than you ever thought possible. Getting back to your room on the hill may be a workout since you are going uphill. Bed was very comfortable and firm as that is my personal preference. The property covers 5+ acres so navigating the several different buildings can be a little tricky although they provide a colorful property map. The property is definitely older but it is clean and I did feel safe there at night although it is not the best lit property at night. Rooms are a little dark, however, and my room did not have a balcony and am not sure any did. They have two parking garages but small. They do charge 14/night extra for self parking. Overall, a good stay if you are looking for a sale, clean comfortable place to use as a base to do the tourist thing.Thank you for making the Best Western PLUS Hacienda Hotel Old Town your base for San Diego adventures! We appreciate the thoughtfulness you put into your review. It will be helpful for guests planning travel. If you have a specific preference of room location, please dont hesitate to ask before your next stay. Six of our eight buildings have elevators and our team is always ready to show guests all our property has to offer as well as assist with luggage. Please call ahead so we can greet you as a returning guest!
Very clean and comfy place, good location! The owner is a very nice and helpful guy. We enjoyed our stay here.
I read all the ratings before I booked the Best Western Mission Bay. Couldn't believe it could be as good as I was reading for the price I was given. Well it is everything and more. It is a 3 floor hotel with elevator and easy to climb stairs. The room was just beautiful, as nice as a 5 star hotel I had previously stayed in. They offer a free breakfast with juic3, coffee, eggs, bacon, waffles, donuts, toast, danish and more. I couldn't believe how much when I walked in. The room was a bit small but people were nice with making room. This hotel is so close to Old Town and Sea World you never need to get back on the freeway unless you chooose to. I went up to Mission Bay and followed that into Old Town. Rooms are a great size also and lots of parking available. Its a fantastic hotel to choose and I will stay here on my next San Diego visit. The staff was the friendliest people I have ever met. The man who checked me in made sure I was happy and under stood everything. Pool has a code and he explainex that and it opened very easily. Nice pool abd nice spa. I liked that when I checked in the gentleman wrote the pool code and breakfast hours on the paper that held the room key. Very very professional and friendly. I didnt want to go home. Great Hotel. Thank You Best Western Mission Bay for making my two days the best ever.Good Afternoon,I am trilled to know you had a fantastic stay with us here at the Best Western Mission Bay. I'm glad that you enjoyed your stay and were happy with our staff, service and our Hot Continental Breakfast. Here at the Best Western Mission Bay we work hard to deliver a great service and clean rooms, and Im glad we were able to provide that for you.If you ever return to San Diego, youre welcome to contact me directly at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.biz for your reservation needs.Sincerely,Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
Booked for SDSU move in weekend. Two of our three nights were pricey considering this is a musty, ordinary, ugly hotel. Only one clerk at the front desk. He was very nice, but the lobby was worn and not too clean. The rooms appeared clean and pretty standard but the toilet was difficult to flush with the handle reversed. Second night the youth football team checked in contributing to noise and parking chaos. The free breakfast was not too great( I think the scrambled eggs were not real). Should have stayed anywhere else.On behalf of our entire team, I would like to apologize for not exceeding your expectations. Your satisfaction is important to us and we will be using the feedback you gave us to implement improvements to ensure we offer a better experience for guests in the future.
This hotel was very clean and the staff were friendly. The hotel served a different breakfast course each day to accompany their regular daily meals so you could have variety. The pool was crystal clear and the beds were comfortable. Great Place to Stay!I appreciate you taking time to review your stay with us here at the Best Western Mission Bay. I am happy to know you had a great stay and were happy with our rooms and comfortable beds. I appreciate your compliments to our pool, I will pass your comments to our maintenance team. Thank you!If I can be of assistance in the future, please dont hesitate to contact me at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.bizThank you again for your review!Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
Nice safe newer Best Weatern. Excellent free breakfast lots of parking clean pool helpful front desk. Decent room appeared clean and feels good-- but somehow my bare feel got Filthy!! Get a room on an upper floor away from the stairs, because the parking lot sound funneled in all night and the staff chose to fill the Coke machine outside our room at 6:30 AM. Easy freeway access, but not really close to anything. Would feel safe taking children. Not terrible and good for the price.Thank you for your review. We will contact are vending company to not have them stock our machines that early in the morning. Also we will get the carpet cleaned
We arrived on an early flight and wanted to drop our bags at the hotel--they were able to check us in at 11:00am. That was a great start to our stay. The room and breakfast were standard Best Western fare. The location was perfect for our three days in San Diego. The hotel is just off I-5 and less than 20 minutes to Coronado, La Jolla, Old Town, etc. I have to mention Irma who ran the breakfast room. She was pleasant, kept things full, and checked in with every guest. Great service!
My family and I recently, December 2017, spent several days at this particular Best Western. We had three rooms with exterior access on the third floor. The second night there we realized why we were so warm was that our window was ajar by about 6 inches. So we closed and locked the window, and called the front office to inquire why it was opened. The front office said housekeeping must have opened it. I had my family close their windows also.Imagine our dismay the next day, when we stopped back to our rooms around 5pm, and all our windows were once again open. It would have been an easy matter for anyone to take a knife and slit the screen, slide the window fully open, and climb into our rooms. One of our rooms was occupied by a 23 yr old young woman. We once again relocked our windows. I can only guess that housekeeping was instructed to turn off the air conditioning, it was mid-70's, and open the window when they cleaned the rooms. I noticed other rooms on the 2nd floor were also left the same way.When I checked out I told Bill the manager that compromising the safety of guests was not acceptable. And, my guess is that housekeeping was told to open all the windows as part of the daily routine. I was not pleased he blamed housekeeping. I promised to inform Best Western at corporate headquarters and write a review, and I did both. Corporate was very supportive and shared my concern in regards to hotel safely. I have no doubt they took the appropriate action and future guests are now safe. But, check your windows when you return each night!Your business is very important to us and we value your feedback. By telling us what you liked about your stay and how we can improve, you are helping us deliver a superior experience for you and other guests in the future. We are very sorry housekeeping kept your windows open during your stay. It's not a policy that we keep them closed but after mentioning it to the front desk staff.They should have been closed after they were done cleaning the rooms. Also they're are devices that keep our windows from opening more than 6 inches to prevent intruders from entering the room. We are very sorry you felt your safety was compromised but I assure you that never has there been any incidents were any of our rooms have been broken into.
Room was very clean, beds comfortable. Breakfast typical for this type of hotel - 3 or 4 hot items (varied by day), cereal, fruit, yogurt, donuts, etc.. Pool area very small. Very convenient access to Mission Bay park (could actually walk there, but we drove to it), Sea World, easy drive to Old Town and Balboa Park, and airport. Not a bad drive to La Jolla, downtown and other attractions. Not a lot of restaurants nearby, but enough for a few days - a couple fast food, pizza, ribs. Grocery store nearby. There was probably a lot more not much farther, we just didn't have a need to look more.Hello,Thank you for sharing your trip experience here at the Best Western Mission Bay. I am glad you were happy with our accommodations and staff. Thank you for your compliments to our location, just within walking distance to Mission Bay and five minutes away from Sea World. Should you return to San Diego area, please feel free to contact me directly for all your reservation needs. You can reach me at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.bizOnce again, thank you for staying with us!Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
Prime location - kids loved it - free breakfast is always great! My kids and I went to California for a Karate Tournament and this hotel was a great location to everything - we went to the beach, whale watching and his tournament and the hotel was in a perfect location - we will be staying at this hotel next time we visit CA!Good Afternoon,I appreciate you taking time to express your thoughts on your stay here at the Best Western Mission Bay. I am so happy that our location was near your kids karate tournament locations and you were happy with our property, staff and breakfast. Please let me know when you plan to return to San Diego, California. I will be more than happy to assist you with your reservation needs. You can reach me directly at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.bizWe look forward to your return,Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
This hotel is in a great location especially if you are here with the family. It is across the freeway from mission bay park where there are places to play and relax. The hotel room was very clean but in serious need of an update. This is a reasonably priced hotel for the area. Parking is free and there is a great selection for the included breakfast. We have stayed at another resort hotel in San Diego and were charged for parking per day and resort fees per day and the resort room was not that much nicer so in comparison this place was a steal. My only complaints would be the noise. We were on the first floor and could hear everything going on in the parking lot. It was pretty quiet at night so getting a good night sleep wasnt an issue. I would stay here again, hopefully next time the rooms are updated. Thank you very much for the review. We do have a renovation that may start during the Fall. Very sorry for the noise pollution.
We choose Best Western when travelling for many reasons. This hotel was a reasonable price for the are, but it is in need of an upgrade. I noticed frayed carpet, sagging wallpaper, loud appliances, squeaky doors, and some grittiness of the bathtub. All of this would be fixed with a hotel upgrade. It's probably time.Good Evening,Thank you for taking the time to complete the survey regarding your recent stay at our property so we can continue to improve and provide excellent service.I apologize on behalf of the entire staff that your stay did not exceed your expectations. If you've got a moment to give us a call or send me an email to let us know which room number you were in, we can make sure the room is put out of order and the issues are passed on to our maintenance department to be fixed immediately. Hopefully we can improve upon those issues right away so that if you decide to come back to the San Diego area you can stay with us again and feel more comfortable in your room.If we can be of assistance in the future, please don't hesitate to contact us at 619.275.5700 or lpradohotelproz.biz.Sincerely,MadisonGuest Services Agent
We had sat down to plan a trip to San Diego... We had planned 5 days in San Diego.. We looked at hotels and motels by the beach. We quickly decided staying on the beach was super super pricey. This Best western worked out great. Although it is not on the beach, it is an easy 6 min drive from the beach. 6 min drive to old town San Diego as well. The breakfast had a great variety! I am gluten free and generally have limited options. This breakfast offered eggs, bacon, fruit and yogurt. They also offered a variety of other items as well waffles and breakfast burritos and breakfast sandwiches. It can be a bit of a noisy place( to no fault to the hotel) Kids can be a bit rowdy lol The pool was so fantastic! We enjoyed it almost everyday. The room was clean and spacious as well. Parking was super convenient WE would definitely stay here again..Good Morning,Thank you so much for your compliments to our hotel. It is wonderful to know you were happy with your stay and location. Our hotel is very centralized which is just within minutes to most location like beaches, park, Sea World and many more other attractions.When you return to San Diego, please feel free to contact me directly for all of your reservation needs. You can reach me at 619-275-5700 x 393 or Lpradohotelpros.bizSincerely,Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
We just stayed for 4 days as we were in town for a wedding. Great location but will say that the room smelled moldy, my shirts wrinkled from the humidity in the room. But the worst was that the rug was so dirty that the bathtub hard dirty footprints on the base when you would get in. We would hop around or wear socks...On behalf of our entire team, I would like to apologize for not exceeding your expectations. Your satisfaction is important to us and we will be using the feedback you gave us to implement improvements to ensure we offer a better experience for guests in the future.
This hotel is good if you just need a place to stay or if you want to be close to Sea World. Our room was't cleaned completely. We were given a room that wasn't finished being cleaned as housekeeping was still in the room when we pulled up to it. The rooms get a lot of noise from ajoining rooms.Good Afternoon,I appreciate you taking time to review our hotel regarding your recent stay here at the Best Western Mission Bay. Thank you for your compliments to our location, just within walking distance to Mission Bay and five minutes away from Sea World and many more attractions. I apologize you were given a room that was not completely clean. I have pass your comments to our Housekeeping Manager and have asked him to ensure all rooms are completely clean and inspected before being rented.I hope you will consider staying with us again so that we can have another chance to provide you with a superior experience. If you need anything in the future, please do not hesitate to contact me for your reservation needs. You can reach me at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.bizSincerely,Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
San Diego San Diego need I say more this best western is located around all major attractions love this place nice breakfast to get the long day started close to mission beach lots of fun expesaily on the giant wooden roller coasterThank you. Look forward to seeing you in the future
Enjoyed our stay staff was extremely helpful and the breakfast was way above average. Will book at this hotel again in the future. One of the best hotel experiences we've had on our visits to San Diego.
I always rely on TA before booking a hotel but I didn't on this hotel - that was a huge mistake.The location of the hotel was convenient to all locations we wanted to visit but the place needs to be torn down and rebuilt. It is old, dingy, and dark. The room was very dated and had a very dark appearance although there was a front window. The outside walkway, as mentioned by another traveler, is slanted and uneven. The elevator is scary. The breakfast room looks like it used to be a sleeping room and is very dated and dark. The food is typical continental breakfast food. Overall, I would say spend more money and stay somewhere else.Good Morning,Thank you for sharing your review regarding your recent stay here at the Best Western Mission Bay. On behalf of our entire team, I would like to apologize for not exceeding your expectations. I sincerely appreciate your compliments to our location, just within minutes to most attractions here in San Diego. I apologize for the outside look of our property. Unfortunately, the property next door to ours was just demolished, giving our area a run-down look. We are anticipating construction for the new businesses there within the next year hopefully this will improve the feel of our property.I hope you will consider staying with us again so that we can have another chance to provide you with a superior experience. Please feel free to contact me directly for your reservation needs. You can reach me at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.biz.Thank you again for your review.Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
The breakfast is very good! the hotel is clean and safe! Good location near to the highway! The staff is nice! But the internet should be improved. overall, San Diego is very beautiful. This hotel is really a good choice!Good Afternoon,Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel! We are so glad you enjoyed your stay here. Thank you for your feedback about the Internet- we will look into ways of making sure that guest's don't have any issues with connecting in the future. We hope to see you again the next time you're in the San Diego area! Thank you again!Sincerely,MadisonGuest Relations
Nice motel with Spanish decor. What I like the best was the people that worked there. Always friendly and helpful. What I liked the least was the bathroom. Small. Need updates. All in all, I would stay there again. Great location. Good Morning,I appreciate you taking the time to write a review about your recent stay here at the Best Western Mission Bay. It is wonderful to see that you had an enjoyable experience.Thank you so much for your compliments to our staff. Here at the Best Western, we strive to deliver superior customer care and Im glad our team members were able to do that for you.If you need anything in the future, please do not hesitate to contact me for your reservation needs. You can reach me at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.bizThank you again for your review,Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
We stayed at the Best Western Mission Bay for vacation. Breakfast was great, rooms were clean, the noise level outside was a little loud and the door didn't muffle the noise well. Overall a good value motel.Good Evening,Thank you for completing the survey regarding your recent stay at our property. Your business is very important to us and we value your feedback. By telling us what you liked about your stay and how we can improve, you are helping us deliver a superior experience for you and other guests in the future. We hope you will come back and see us again soon.If we can be of assistance in the future, please don't hesitate to contact us anytime at 619.275.5700.Sincerely,MadisonGuest Services Agent
Pros - The staff was friendly, - the pool was warm, - the rooms were clean. - within walking distance of Mission Bay - Close to SeaWorld Cons - An old hotel which needs updating - Small breakfast room - No towels at pool and pool was fairly dirty - No restaurants within walking distanceOverall we had a pleasant stay here but it definitely was the lowest rated of the 4 BW's we stayed in.(also the cheapest)Very easy to access the city, I5 and airport from here.Hello,I appreciate you taking time to review your stay with us here at the Best Western Mission Bay.Thank you so much for your compliments to our staff, clean rooms and location. I am very happy to know you were happy with your room and will consider to stay with us again.Thank you again for taking the time to complete the survey. We hope you will come back and stay with us again soon! If I can provide with any assistance, please dont hesitate to contact me directly at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.bizSincerely,Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
The hotel was clean. The area felt safe, with no homeless or vagrants around. The continental breakfast was good. The WiFi was slow and unreliable. The room was clean and the beds were comfortable. I don't know why TripAdvisor requires that you have 200 characters in your review unless they want to discourage people from posting reviews. I don't write reviews for a living and I don't even HAVE to write a review. I'm just doing it out of altruism, so that others have a good experience as well.Good Afternoon,Thank you so much for taking time to review your stay with us here through Tripadvisor.I am very happy to know you had a wonderful stay and were happy with our room cleanliness, breakfast and staff. I apologize that our Wifi wasn't working properly. I have forward your comments to our IT tech and have asked him to verify and ensure is working properly.Once again thank you for taking time to review your stay with us. We look forward seeing you again!Sincerely,Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
Comfortable room, good bedding luxurious towels. All appliances worked ran quietly. Only 1 of 2 ice machines working, but always had ice when I needed it. Continental breakfast entrees were good changed often. Pleasant, helpful, courteous staff. Easy checkin checkout. VERY SMALL hotel POOL, so couldn't get in my exercise. Close to major highway fast foods, grocery drug stores. GOOD PRICE for the location. Would recommend to families, solos, seniors.Good Afternoon,Thank you for taking time to write a Tripadvisor review about your recent stay here at the Best Western Mission Bay. I am delighted to read your wonderful comments.Here at the Best Western Mission Bay we strive every day to provide superior customer care and clean room. I'm happy we were able to do that for you. Thank you again for taking the time to complete the survey. we look forward seeing you next time!If I can provide with any assistance, please dont hesitate to contact me directly at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.bizSincerely,Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
My visit to the best Western mission bay was great. Once I arrived the stay was friendly and fast, in addition lead my family to local areas foe food seeing we've never been in the area. The room was clean and the beds were so comfortable it felt like sleeping on a marshmallow. In the morning the breakfast area was pack but I understand why, with the waffle maker eggs bacon cereal biscuits gravy yogurts who wouldn't want to dine in for breakfast there.Good Afternoon,Thank you so much for taking the time to review your stay with us here at the Best Western Mission Bay.I am happy to see that you were thrilled with our comfortable beds, rooms and breakfast. Thank you so much for your compliments to our staff, Im glad everyone was friendly and helpful. We strive to deliver superior customer care, and intend to do that through our excellent team members.When you return to San Diego area, please feel free to contact me directly for your reservation needs. You can reach me at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.biz.We look forward to your return,Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
This is an older Best Western and it smells older. The outdoor pool is smaller than expected however, the staff is great there and the rooms and hotel are kept clean. The proximity to Sea World and other attractions was great (which was the purpose of the trip). Overall, it is a great value for the location.
Very professional staff who neither try too hard to build rapport, nor come off as too aloof. They get right down to business and make your comfort their first endeavor. I called ahead of time and made sure my reservation was still confirmed. When i got there, they immediately know who I was and had me checked in right away. The room was clean, without a hair out of place. All the appliances worked perfectly, and the room was definitely spacious enough, with a cushy bed and NON SMOKING (Thank you!). Breakfast was delicious, and they made sure to keep all the good stuff stocked throughout the ENTIRE breakfast. Thank you, Best Western, we shall meet again!Good Morning,Thank you for taking time to review your stay with us.I sincerely appreciate all your wonderful compliments to our property and staff. Here at the Best Western Mission Bay, we strive everyday to provide superior customer care and intend to do that through our excellent team members.Once again, thank you for your review. We hope you come back and stay with us again soon! If I can provide with any assistance, please don't hesitate to contact me directly at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.bizLeidy PradoFront Office Manager
This is a good hotel for the money value. It is in a good location. Room are clean the breakfast good. I would recommend this to family friends. Finding a parking space coming back night was a bit hard but duable. We would stay here again on our next visit to San DiegoI appreciate you taking time to express your thoughts on your recent stay here at the Best Western Mission Bay. I am very glad that you enjoyed your stay and were happy with our Hot Continental Breakfast and rooms.When you return to the San Diego area, please do not hesitate to contact me for your reservation needs. You can contact me directly at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.bizThank you again for your review,Sincerely,Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
The room was large with twin queen sized beds. The bathroom was the right size and we had planty of room for relaxing and dining. I have 2 small children and they were very comfortable. To keep them busy, I hooked up my media streamer to the LCD tv and away the kids went with their cartoons. The pool was a nice plus. While not too large, it was plenty for the people that partook. The kids made many friends while at the pool and we had several kids come to our room to invite my kids to come down to the pool. I can't say enough about the breakfast. The days we were at the hotel, the breakfast was amazing. Eggs, bacon, muffins, cereal, jucies, waffles, etc...just about everything that my kids love for breakfast. Different days had different breakfast specials. One day was breakfast sandwiches which were quite good. Another day was breakfast burritos which were also quite good, but there was no salsa. Luckily, we had salsa in the room. Overall, I was very pleased with our stay at this hotel.Thank you for taking time to share your great experience with our hotel. I am very happy to see that you enjoyed your stay here at the Best Western Mission Bay. Thank you for your compliments to our rooms and breakfast.When you return to San Diego, please feel free to contact me directly for your reservations needs. You can reach me at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.bizThank you again for your review.Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
Great location off 5 freeway and few minutes' walk (seconds to drive) to park/bay for very pleasant walks which we did after dinner where children were swimming, families picnicing, walking dogs evenings. Hotel staff was great. They went out of their way to accommodate requests, needs etc. Parking at hotel is plentiful and free!I appreciate you taking time to share your wonderful experience here at the Best Western Mission Bay. I am happy to see that our staff was able to accommodate all your requests and you were happy with our location, free parking and staff.When you return to San Diego, please don't hesitate to contact me at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.biz, I will be more than happy to assist you with your reservation needs.Thank You again for your review,Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
Clean rooms comfortable beds (except that with all the pillows it would be nice to have some less-full ones) pool hot-tub, cable tv room service hair dryer iron board and a delicious full breakfast all for a very decent affordable price. What more could you want Good Afternoon,I appreciate you taking time to review our hotel regarding your recent stay with us here through TripAdvisor.Thank you for your compliments to our hotel. I am very thrilled to know you were happy with our staff, location, rooms and our tasty hot breakfast. Here at the Best Western Mission Bay, we strive to deliver superior customer care and intend to do that through our excellent team members.When you return to San Diego area, please feel free to contact me directly for your reservation needs. You can reach me at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.bizThank you again for your review,Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
Comfortable and good discount prices available please ask especially if you are Veterans or senior citizensThe staff are very cooperative and pleasant especially at reception ask for Miss Madison GrizzlyBreakfast is a real treat both for variety and service although in a smallish area and of course is absolutely FREEWell done to allHello,I am happy to see that you were thrilled with our rates, breakfast and staff. Thank you for your compliments to our Guest Services Agent, Madison. I am very happy to know you were happy with her customer service. Here at the Best Western Mission Bay, we strive to deliver superior customer care, and intend to do that through our excellent team members.When you return to San Diego area, please feel free to contact me directly for your reservation needs. You can reach me at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.biz.We look forward to your return,Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
Nice and clean hotel, price very good, staff very friendly and helpful. Would like more stores closer to hotel, very close to beaches and point of interest places around. Need more parking, Had a problem hooking up to the internet but all in all the stay was good and would stay there again. Would recommend others to stay there too.Hello,Thank you for completing the survey regarding your recent stay with us here at the Best Western Mission Bay.Your business is very important to us and we value your feedback. By telling us what you liked about your stay and how we can improve, you are helping us deliver a superior experience for you and other guests in the future. We hope you will come back and see us again soon.If I can be of assistance in the future, please don't hesitate to contact me directly at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.bizSincerely,Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
Overall, the stay was satisfactory. Breakfast was very good. Parking was not good. Only 3 handicap parking spots for the entire facility and they were next to the office. Many of the parking spots were compact with large vehicles parked them and over the lines. Smoking urn was outside my room door. Having asthma and being allergic to smoke made breathing very difficult.Good Afternoon,I appreciate you taking time to review your stay with us here at the Best Western Mission Bay.I sincerely apologize for other guest smoking outside your room. I have talked to our general manager and agree to move our ash trays to the front of the hotel hopefully that will prevent guest from smoking right outside their rooms.Thank you again for taking the time to complete the survey. We hope you will come back and stay with us again soon! If I can provide with any assistance, please dont hesitate to contact me directly at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.bizSincerely,Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
We stayed here for only 1 night. The bed Pillows--AWESOME!!!! It is so hard to stay at a hotel find comfort w/these 2 items--especially pillows--these were GREAT!!! The breakfast was really good--lots of variety. The room bathroom were clean. The bathroom size was small--but ok for a night. WE had the (2) Queen bed room. The hotel staff was very helpful, friendly, professional. We would stay again!Hello,Thank you so much for taking the time to write the review of your stay here. I'm so glad to hear you were happy with our beds and pillows.Thank you for your compliments to our staff. Here at the Best Western Mission Bay. We aim to 'wow' our guest, and intend to do that through our wonderful team members.When you return to San Diego, please feel free to contact me directly for your reservation needs. You can reach me at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.bizWe look forward to your return!Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
In the past I have stayed in Hotel Circle which is difficult to navigate if you are not familiar with the area and the freeways. That area is also very, very busy with lots of traffic. The Best Western Mission Bay was literally right over the bridge from Mission Bay which made getting to the water very easy. However, I was disappointed that there are no ocean views from any of the rooms. Being this close to the water, I thought there would be.My room was comfortable, though there were some snags. First, the red light on my phone kept flashing the entire length of my stay, even though I told the front desk about it immediately upon my check in. It was a three week old message to someone who had stayed in that room previously.Also, the ice machine did not work on my floor, and I had to go to another floor every time I needed ice. Again, I informed the front desk about the non-functioning ice machine within an hour of my arrival and they just told me to use one on another floor. (I was on the top floor, and the elevator was s---l---o---w.) The ice machine still was not fixed by the end of my stay.The third annoyance was that there was no remote for the television when I checked in. However, they did send someone to my room with a remote within 20 minutes of my calling the front desk.On a positive note, the bed was very comfortable, and the staff friendly. The best thing was the complimentary breakfast every morning. It had something for everyone and was very good. This really is a welcome amenity for me, since I don't like having to search out and drive to a restaurant first thing in the morning to have breakfast.The Best Western Mission Bay is a comfortable, no frills, convenient place to stay if you are just looking for a place to sleep and change clothes. Overall it seemed clean and safe. A few steps up from a Motel 6, but not a fancy resort either. A good compromise for the price.Good Afternoon,We would like to thank you for staying with us and posting a review for Tripadvisor.Thank you so much for your compliments to our property. As a valued guest, your comments are very much appreciated and we take it in a constructive way so we can do better. I apologize the ice machine was not working at the time. Our maintenance team has inspected and has now been fix.Here at the Best Western Mission Bay, we aim to make every guest stay a great experience. When you return to San Diego area, please feel free to contact me directly for your reservation needs. You can reach me at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.biz.Once again, thank you for your review!Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
The hotel is well located, 10 minutes drive from Downtown, Balboa Park and Zoo. Comfortable rooms and llimpos daily, a good breakfast with several options. The internet is not good and needs to be improvedGood Afternoon,Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel! We are so glad you enjoyed your stay here. Thank you for your compliments to the property and the breakfast, and thank you for your feedback about the Internet- we will look into ways of making sure that guest's don't have any issues with connecting in the future. We hope to see you again the next time you're in the San Diego area! Thank you again!Sincerely,MadisonGuest Relations
I have always stayed at Best Western when travelling and have no intention of changing. I have stayed at the Best Western in Pollock Pines in California and also the Best Western in Placerville also in California. Was extremely pleased with those two as I was pleased with Best Western Mission Bay.Hello,Thank you so much for taking time to review your stay here at the Best Western Mission Bay. Im very happy to see you would consider staying with us again.When you return to the San Diego area, please feel free to contact me for your reservation needs. You can reach me at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.bizWe look forward to your return!Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
Although we only used the hotel for a short period of time, we found the hotel was clean and affordable and close to beach. The staff was efficient and helpful and very quick to respond to our request. Breakfast room was clean, well-stocked and refilled quickly during the breakfast hours.Good Morning,Thank you for taking time to write a Tripadvisor review about your recent stay here at the Best Western Mission Bay. I am delighted to read your comments here at the Best Western Mission Bay we strive to deliver superior customer care, clean rooms and I'm glad we were able to provide that for you.Thank you again for being our guest. If you ever return to San Diego, youre welcome to contact me directly at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.biz for your reservation needs.Sincerely,Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
This is very good value for the location with free parking and free breakfast. The rooms need an uplift. The free breakfast has limited options and the breakfast room is really small. Better to take the food to your room if its on a lower level. There is 1 elevator in the entire hotel and it quite a walk from the elevators to the rooms in the opposite wings. There is limited parking available near the elevators, but there is lot of parking otherwise on the property.Thank you for your review. We appreciate your feedback.
I booked this hotel based on the great reviews it got, and that people seemed to feel like it was in a 'great location'. After staying one night, I have to disagree. I suppose if you are staying and you have a car, it probably is a good location because it's really close to the highway- but we only stayed one night, so we didn't have a car, and the location was terrible. There was nothing to do near the hotel, I am not from the area, so it was hard for me to tell if this is a 'good area' or not, but I was not about to walk around alone. Our hotel room was clean and comfortable, but we only had one working outlet in the room. All of the other outlets were a major fire hazard as they only allowed the plugs to go in half-way. Breakfast was fine, but crowded and I couldn't get the wifi to work. As we were checking out, we watched a mouse swimming around in the pool. With all the being said- every single hotel employee that I spoke with was extremely kind and helpful. They are definitely doing customer service the right way!
This place was very nice and clean. Staff was very helpful and friendly. Room was clean and very comfortable. Parking is tight with the place always being booked. The pool and hot tub was nice and there were extra towels by the pool. Breakfast was served from 6:30-10am. Every thing was good. Thank you Becky. Visit us again soon.
I will never stay at this hotel again as many things were either hard to turn on or not in working order. No coffee at breakfast as machine was broke, no sign hung on the machine saying that it was out of order. Cool shower every day. Stayed close to office and doors were being slammed all night long.Your business is very important to us and we value your feedback. By telling us what you liked about your stay and how we can improve, you are helping us deliver a superior experience for you and other guests in the future.
We really enjoyed our stay at the Best Western Mission Bay. The room was very clean and the staff was friendly and attentive. It was also convenient to get to from the freeway. The continental breakfast was great. There was a good variety of food. I would definitely recommend this place to my family and friends.Good Afternoon,Thank you for taking time to review your stay with us here through TripAdvisor.I'm happy to know you had a wonderful stay and were happy with our rooms and locations. We hope you come back and stay with us again soon!Sincerely,Leidy Prado Front Office Manager
The location of this hotel was great and that's why we chose to stay here. It had decent reviews when I checked. However, when we arrived, the first room they sent us to had a terrible smell so we asked to be moved to another room. They moved us down on the first floor right next to the office. We were awoken early in the morning to a huge cockroach crawling up my husband's arm! We had to check out early and rearrange the rest of our trip as well as find another hotel to stay at. We would never come back to this hotel. We were not offered a discount or anything for the inconvenience.Good Afternoon,Thank you for completing the survey regarding your recent stay at our property.On behalf of our entire team, I would like to apologize for not exceeding your expectations. I am so sorry for the issue you experienced with the bugs in the room. Here at Best Western we strive every day to provide a superior customer experience. I am sorry we werent able to do that for you. I have placed the room you stayed in temporarily out of order, and contacted our pest control experts to take care of the situation. I can assure you that this problem will be corrected.Because we value your business, we would like to provide you with a 50 discount to use towards a future stay. When youre ready to use this discount, please contact me directly and I will personally assist you with your reservation. I am confident we can change your perception of our property. You can contact me directly at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.bizSincerely,Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
This is an excellent hotel in my mind, there are a lot of parking spots for use, you ALWAYS can find a spot for parking any time. great breakfast with apple or banana. hot tub and swimming pool make you a enjoyable stay, very clean in room. You can enjoy very strong Wi-Fi. It is the best value for the money I paid. No safe box in room.Thank you for taking the time to share your thoughts on your recent stay here at the Best Western Mission Bay. I am very happy to see you were satisfied with our rooms, staff, location,breakfast and service. I apologize for not having in room safe, though we have safe deposits available for guest at the front desk. We work hard to provide a superior guest experience, and I'm glad we were able to provide that for you. When you to return to San Diego, please do not hesitate to contact me directly at 619-275-5700 x 393 or lpradohotelpros.biz for your reservation needs.Once again, thank you for your return,Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
Room needed some work, or a deep cleaning. It smelled like someone tried to cover a moldy smell with air freshener that smelled like cologne. Though the bed was comfortable, the sheets were dirty on one of the beds, as if someone had walked across it with shoes on. The room had a mini fridge but it was turned down to 1 so I had to turn it on to store my food items. I was given room 115, which unfortunately for me was right near the breakfast area so as soon as breakfast was available I was woken up by everyone walking by and holding loud conversations. Then at 7:45am, what I can only assume was a dance troop staying there, started practicing their routines in the middle of the parking lot while blasting their music and yelling. At 9am when I went to check out they were still going strong and oblivious to anyone trying to navigate the lot. When I was trying to back up, one of them walked up behind my vehicle and I had to ask them to move. Then after pulling out of my spot and attempting to leave, a few of them almost walked right in front of me because they were not paying attention. I find it extremely RUDE that they assumed everyone would be wide awake and want to listen to this. I also find it RUDE that the hotel manager did not go out there and ask them to stop because it may be disturbing other guests. On behalf of our entire team, I would like to apologize for not exceeding your expectations. Your satisfaction is important to us and we will be using the feedback you gave us to implement improvements to ensure we offer a better experience for guests in the future.
There was a large variety of breakfast items and each item was always full no matter what time I came to eat. The A/C and internet worked well. The beds and pillows were comfortable. The staff and cleaning people were always smiling and friendly. It was quite and the repair guy came immediately. We had a great stay.Thank you for taking the time to share your comments on your recent stay. We are happy you enjoyed the breakfast, amenities and friendly staff. We hope to see you again in the near future.Sincerely,Bill MartnManager on Duty
Rooms were clean, spacious, incredible breakfast buffet included. Ask front desk for great tips of where to eat! Easy access to highways. Staff very friendly. Don't miss a leisurely walk in the neighborhood to enjoy the landscaping.Thank you. We appreciate the feedback
The hotel was nothing fancy, but we don't stay in our room when we go on vacation. It was conveniently located to many tourist attractions- Old Town, Balboa Park, downtown, etc. The rooms were clean and comfortable, staff was friendly, and the price was decent. Overall, I would stay here again.Good Afternoon,I appreciate you taking time to review our hotel regarding your recent stay here at the Best Western Mission Bay. I'm happy to know you were happy with your stay and location. Thank you so much for your compliments to our staff. We work hard to deliver superior customer care with clean rooms and I'm glad we were able to provide that for youWhen you return to San Diego area, please feel free to contact me directly for your reservation needs. You can reach me at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.bizThank you again for your review,Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
Have stayed here previously (for approx. 1 week),and was quite content, as well as a weekend sometime after that. This time, there were no real issues, other than the carpeting seemed a bit damp/dirty even with socks. Showered, and found clean socks/feet were a bit dirty from walking around the room, within short amount of time. To me, simply shampooing would help. Otherwise, comfort and value were great, and would stay again.Thank you Deanna for taking the time to give us a review. We will have the carpets cleaned in that room.
I'm a big fan of Best Western Hotels, because the majority of them accomodate my German Shepherd dog, this one is no exception except the other reason that I like Best Western is because the majority of them are designed well, and are well maintained, and offer rooms that feel fresh and clean, the Best Western Mission Bay seems to be the exception to the rule. The main parking lot features a poor design, it is difficult to navigate when stuffed full of trucks, and other vehicles that should have been parked in the overflow lot provided to the side of the hotel. There were derelicts floating about the hotel and parking lot, which made me wonder whether my car and the contents would be there when I awoke in the morning, I was on a road trip back to Mexico with a full load and didn't really want to have to unpack an entire SUV late at night and have to try to piece it all back together in the morning. The room felt stale and just not clean, although I'm sure that it was, it just didn't feel clean, or look clean, the place is in need of an overhaul and I feel that I could have just crashed at a Motel 6 and left the next day feeling like I needed a shower just the same.Good Afternoon,Thank you for taking time to review your stay with us here at the Best Western Mission Bay.On behalf of our entire team, I would like to apologize for not exceeding your expectations.I apologize you were unable to find a parking space by your room. We do have a large parking lot adjacent to the property were lots of our guest are allowed to park as well. We are always striving to improve, We would be more than happy to offer you a discounted rate in the future so we can have another opportunity to show you an excellent experience. I am confident that if given another chance we will be able to show you a wonderful hotel. Please feel free to contact me directly for your reservation needs. You can reach me at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.biz.Once again thank you for your review!Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
We were in San Diego for one night visiting friends. I knew we wouldn't be in the room much so we didn't care about having a nice pool, view, etc. we just needed a clean place to sleep and that's what we got. I was a bit concerned because the hotel was either full or close to it and was quite noisy. We were in the room next to the ice machine which was really loud. By the time we got back from our evening out, about 10pm, all was quiet and we got a good night sleep. The room was nothing special but clean and suited our needs. The tv remote only worked by pushing the numbers for the channels but we survived. Breakfast is included.Thank you for taking the time to write a review.I am very glad to see that you enjoyed your stay here at the Best Western Mission Bay and were happy with the cleanliness of your room. Do you have any suggestions for ways we can improvePlease let me know when you return to San Diego, as I would be happy to assist you with reservations. I can be reached at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.bizThank you again for your review!Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
They had a full hot breakfast every morning open as late as 10AM. The location was close to the freeway. Lots of parking. The staff was friendly. The location was close to Sea World and the San Diego Zoo. It took only 15 minutes or less to get to the Zoo. Close to Costco for gas, etc and right across the freeway from Pacific Beach. It was very quiet, no freeway noise or doors slamming.Good Morning,Thank you so much for taking the time to review your stay here at the Best Western Mission Bay.It is wonderful to know you had a nice stay and were happy with your time here. I will pass along your compliments to our central location and to our staff that works so hard every day to make sure that your stay with us is always a good experience. Thank you again and we hope you will come back and stay with us again soon! If I can provide with any assistance, please dont hesitate to contact us at 619-275-5700Sincerely,MadisonGuest Services Agent
We were very pleased with the value and quality of this motel. We were completely satisfied and very likely to return. The motel staff were knowledgeable, friendly, courteous and went out of their way to make our vacation most enjoyable.Good Afternoon, Thank you for taking time to review your stay with us here at the Best Western Mission Bay. I was so happy to see you were happy with our property and service.Thank you so much for your compliments to our staff. We work hard to provide a superior guest experience, and I'm glad we were able to provide that for you.When you return to San Diego, please do not hesitate to contact me for any of your reservations needs. I can be reached at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.bizWe look forward to your return!Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
bed were firm but location and price couldn't be any better. The breakfast was great. This is a family orientated hotel. Very noisey due to all the small children having a great time. If you know this when you make your reservation then you will be fine. The noise level definitely went down by 11pm.Good Afternoon,I appreciate you taking time to review your stay with us here through Tripadvisor. I'm happy to know you had a wonderful stay and were happy with our rooms, location and breakfast. Although it can be a little loud at times we do our best to keep it quiet.Should you visit San Diego area again you're more than welcome to contact me directly for your reservation needs. You can reach me at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotel pros.bizOnce again thank you for your review!Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
We called the hotel directly and were told we would have a walk-in shower, and that handicapped parking was directly outside of the handicapped rooms. We were given a non-handicapped room the first night, and parking was not close. They provided cones to block-off a space to allow for close parking and moved us to a handicapped room. The staff was very professional (other than one who swore in Spanish). We would probably stay again if they decide to create more accessible parking.Good Morning,I appreciate you taking time to review your stay with us here through TripAdvisor. I apologize the wrong information was given when you made your reservation. Our general manager is looking into converting two of our parking spaces into handicapped parking spaces because of comments like yours. Thank you.I'm very happy to know you were happy with the accommodations that were done to move you into a walk in shower room and reserved the parking in front of your room. Once again thank you for staying with us. We hope you come back and stay with us again! If I can be of further assistance in the future, feel free to contact me directly at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.bizLeidy PradoFront Office Manager
This is a very nice motel near the park at Mission Bay, and just up the street, there are restaurants and some shopping. It is not with a lot of other development, as far as shopping malls or tourist endeavors, but right near I-5 and easy access to points of interest from there. It is a clean, quiet motel with pretty much everything you need. It also has a nice breakfast. It doesn't look spectacular from outside (not bad, just not fab), but it is clean and more than adequate.Good Afternoon,Thank you so much for taking the time to review our hotel. I'm so glad to hear you had an excellent stay! We do our best to provide you with excellent service, and your feedback is greatly appreciated.If we can be of assistance in the future, please don't hesitate to contact us anytime at 619.275.5700. Thanks again and hopefully we will see you next time you're in the San Diego area!Sincerely,MadisonGuest Services Agent
We had a great stay at Best Western Mission Bay. It is located right off the highway and in a great central location whether you plan to visit Mission Beach/Bay Area, downtown, or even Coronado or La Jolla. The front desk was very friendly and our room was super clean and comfortable!Good Afternoon,Thank you for sharing your trip experience here at the Best Western Mission Bay. I am glad you were happy with our accommodations and staff. Thank you for your compliments to our location, just within walking distance to Mission Bay and five minutes away from Sea World. Should you return to San Diego area, please feel free to contact me directly for all your reservation needs. You can reach me at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.bizHave a wonderful week!Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
Changed rooms, but it didn't help. Carpet soaked with chemicals... I left door open, but it didn't help. The smell stayed. 2.floor to the right is probably the worst. It seems to be a health risk. I received a light headache in the morning. I did not experience the praise about this hotel. And the good comments read like ads.Good Afternoon,Thank you for completing the survey regarding your recent stay at our property. On behalf of our entire team, I would like to apologize for not exceeding your expectations.I am sincerely sorry for the smell in your room. When you have a moment can you let us know what room you stayed in so that we can have our maintenance team take care of it right away. Your satisfaction is important to us and we will be using the feedback you gave us to implement improvements to ensure we offer a better experience for guests in the future. I hope that you will consider staying with us again so that we can have another chance to provide you with a superior experience. If I can provide any assistance, please don't hesitate to contact me directly at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.bizSincerely,Leidy PradoGuest Services ManagerBEST WESTERN Mission Bay
The room was dirty! There even was a piece of clothing of the previous guest lest in the room (see the picture)!!! The staff were not professional!Do not book this hotel! I had booked it for three nights, but, escaped after the first night!Good Morning,Thank you for your review regarding your recent stay at our property. On behalf of our entire team, I would like to apologize for not exceeding your expectations.Im so sorry for the inconvenience you experience during your stay with us. When you have a moment, can you let us know which room number you stayed in so that we can retrain the person who serviced your room. In addition we will be implementing additional training with our Housekeeping staff to ensure all rooms are being service in a professional manner. We would be more than happy to offer you a discounted rate in the future so we can have another opportunity to show you an excellent experience. I am confident that if given another chance we will be able to show you a wonderful hotel. Please feel free to contact me directly for your reservation needs. You can reach me at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.biz.Thank you again for your review.Sincerely,Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
I got a king size bed room. It was just me so I had plenty of space. The wifi was fine and I had a corner room. Climate control was easy, nice shower, powerful toilet, everything clean. I stayed 2 nights, so I left a 3 dollar tip for the 1st full day.Good Afternoon,Thank you so much for taking time to review your stay with us here at the Best Western Mission Bay. I am happy to know you had a wonderful stay and were happy with our amenities, location and cleanliness of our rooms.Thank you again for taking the time to complete the survey. We hope you will come back and stay with us again soon! If I can provide with any assistance, please dont hesitate to contact me directly at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.bizSincerely,Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
I would like to comment how pleased I was with BEST WESTERN Mission Bay at San Diego, CA. My family scheduled a trip to San Diego on Dec 2014 and we stayed there from Dec 9 to Dec 13 at room 231. During the time, we visited Sea world, Legoland, midway aircraft carrier museum, etc. Every night, we had a good sleep when we back exhausted from a whole day's trip.On the last day, In haste to catch our flight at LA, I left my wallet in room 231. The time I noticed it missing we were already back to my home in Canada. I called the hotel. The gentleman who pick up the phone was very kind and he asked me to leave my contact information. I am so happy the next day, because my wife told me that she got called from a Lady from your hotel that my wallet was found. And with your help mailing it to my home in Canada, I finally got all my card back (Driver license, debit cards, credit cards, insurance card, etc). I want to express my deep appreciation for all the services from BEST WESTERN Mission Bay, which leave us a very good memory for this family trip. Besides, breakfast is awesome, kids love it.Good Morning,Thank you so much for taking the time to share your experience here at the Best Western Mission Bay. I am thrilled to see that you had an exceptional stay!Thank you so much for your compliments to our staff. Here at the Best Western, we strive to deliver superior customer care and Im glad our team members were able to do that for you. I will pass your comments to our staff, It is always great to hear that the staff is doing an excellent job and that our guests recognize it.When you return to San Diego area, please feel free to contact me directly for your reservation needs. You can reach me at 619-275-5700 ext 393 or Lpradohotelpros.biz.We look forward to your return,Leidy PradoFront Office Manager
The service was great. My room was clean and comfortable. I felt it was a safe area and was very convenient to the I5 freeway, easy to get on and off. I de-magnetized my room keys twice by storing my cell phone next to my key. The desk staff was very helpful and gave me new keys right away and, as I was traveling alone, made sure I got safely into my room. The breakfast was decent w/fresh fruit, yogurt, pasteries, cereals, condiments, waffle maker, boiled eggs and hot items. Juices and hot beverages were also available.
This hotel is just off I 5 and a great location for visiting San Diego. At first glance we weren't sure it was a perfect fit for us, surrounding area seemed a little less than desirable, building seemed old, but Jesse at front desk was very kind and helpful. The rooms actually were very nice, very clean (my most important item) and laid out very well.Breakfast was really good, great variety, and the lady who ran the breakfast was wonderful. Very helpful and kind (helping a lady with her small children)Good Afternoon, Thank you for completing the survey regarding your recent stay at our property, and thank you for your compliments to the hotel and staff. We are glad your room was nice and clean for you, and we appreciate your feedback.If we can be of assistance in the future, please don't hesitate to contact us anytime at 619.275.5700.Sincerely,MadisonGuest Services Agent
Traffic noise, sporadic t.v. reception, musty smell in room upon first time entry and broken window latch were all forgotten because of the the fabulous free breakfast that was provided! Belgian waffles with whipped cream, cheese omelettes, bacon, cereals, bagels, donuts, toast, juices, coffee, fresh fruit, yogurt and more!! Rated very good because of the value...and the breakfast!Thank you for taking the time to share your experience. We're happy you enjoyed our breakfast. And all issues you mentioned are being worked on. Thank you for your feedback.
This hotel met our needs perfectly. We weren't looking for a resort to hang out at all day, but rather a clean, comfortable place to come back to and sleep after seeing the surrounding area. It was clean, well-maintained, and well worth the low price that we paid. It wasn't fancy, but very clean and well-maintained.
This hotel is very easy to find, right off the freeway. But wait to you are greeted by the amazing staff and Breakfast gals. They truly make you feel at home and comfortable. I will definitely be staying here again. This will be my go to hotel when I travel to San Diego!
Room very old and many things wrong. Toilet didn't flush properly, stains on carpet and sun out drapes, fixtures broken, dust and mildew mold in bathroom. Front desk staff refused to change rooms and would not acknowledge complaint. Booked 1 king room 3 months in advance, but got 2 doubles. Many issues, so we would never return. Good area and good price though. On behalf of our entire team, I would like to apologize for not exceeding your expectations. Your satisfaction is important to us and we will be using the feedback you gave us to implement improvements to ensure we offer a better experience for guests in the future. Your reservation came directly from Best Western for 2 queens.We were not able to move you to a different room due to us being sold out. We will have maintenance repair or replace the toilet and the light fixtures also.
I stayed here one night for a business trip. It was in a very convenient place, right of the 5 across from Mission Bay. It's an older hotel with outside doors. The staff is super nice! The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. The continental breakfast was so-so. For the price, it fit my needs for one night.
We wanted a place near Mission Bay and often go to Best Westerns. This was far more expensive than the price range indicated on Google Maps, but maybe we looked in the wrong place to get a good price. This is a basic motel with a NICE breakfast. I brought a tray back to our room with a nice variety of edibles, and two good coffees. Our room was clean and cool. The AC had a new setting for us: Dry. It kept the room nice and not humid, and it was quiet, too. We had a King bed with a mini-fridge and microwave. The Desk area had plenty of outlets for charging gadgets. The bed area could use more outlets for things like CPAP machines. (We went and bought an extension cord.) The sink area had a large counter surface, and the bath area was nice sized with a shower over the tub. Staff was courteous and efficient. The pool is small and was well used. There are several places to eat in the area. There were many families, and many foreign tourists here. Good clean basic hotel in a popular destination.Thank you for completing the survey regarding your recent stay at our property. Your business is very important to us and we value your feedback. By telling us what you liked about your stay and how we can improve, you are helping us deliver a superior experience for you and other guests in the future. We hope you will come back and see us again soon.
If you're not picky and looking for a clean, quiet room, this place is great! It's older, but has all the comforts of home including a well-maintained pool, large flat-screen TV and WiFi. The price is great for all this little Motel has to offer.
The Pearl is an extremely unique place. I do want to counter a few statements from post-reviews about the outdated feel and the ikea like furniture. It's very understandable for someone to not feel that The Pearl is up to date. The architecture of the building is old, yes, and the furniture, yes, but that's the idea behind the movement of this hotel. Seldom these days do you find such a gem that supports and honors the art of MCM. The whole idea is to feel that your living in a 1950-60's dwell magazine ad. Playing episodes of soul train in the courtyard should sell anyone. Good on you folks at The Pearl for keeping the beauty of MCM alive. The Restaurant was incredible, and the support of local and sustainable, is a breathe of fresh air. The staff are charming, funny, and all good looking. Thank you! Thanks for the great review. we appreciate your support. Please come visit us again soon.
The Pearl has modern decor but no attitude. We stayed one night, a Sunday, and though it's on a busy street, it was very quiet. The bed was super comfy (making us wish we had stayed more than one night). Willy the fish (a fishbowl with a goldfish is mounted above eye level on the wall by the window) was a nice touch. I didn't know about the 10 parking charge, but there's plenty of neighborhood parking. Also, this was a great way to avoid the downtown/Gaslamp district party scene and expensive parking. I also was concerned about possible airport noise, but there was none. I go to San Diego a lot and am looking forward to staying at The Pearl in the future.
We saw the review of The Pearl in Sunset Magazine and thought it would be a great place to stay in San Diego. We stayed at The Grant last visit and loved it, but wanted a different local and experience. We were very happy with our choice. The atmosphere is fun and the dcor makes you feel like you are on a beach weekend from the 60's. Sparkling clean and comfortable. Excellent front desk personnel...the women could not have been more friendly, welcoming always with a smile. They know everything from the local restaurants and even directions to the stadium. (I asked for their names, but misplaced the card.) We stayed 11/21, 22. 23 and celebrated our anniversary with a drink on the house.It is 10 a night to park on the property which worked for us. Everything is centered around the pool. You can hear the bar restaurant noise, but everything gets quiet around 11:00. We liked hearing the laughter and vitality. Give it a try. We now Love The Pearl...thanks for the pins.On behalf of the entire Pearl crew management team, THANK YOU for your fantastic review. First off, Happy Anniversary! We truly appreciate you and are honored that you chose to stay with us. The vitality you felt is so true - a combination of great guests like yourselves and an awesome staff. We'll pass along your kind words to the front desk team. Please come again and tell a friend. Make it an amazing day!
The Pearl is a first rate little hotel at which the staff and management obviously care about what they do. They kindly allowed me to stash a piece of luggage there two weeks in advance of my stay and they had it waiting for me in my room upon my arrival. Check in took all of two minutes and the host was friendly and efficient. Both the wake up call and taxi I asked for were expedited without worry. The room was large enough, spotless and had a warm charm with a comfortable bed. The plumbing and shower pressure were excellent. I can't comment as to whether it was noisy since I was tired enough to have slept through anything. I got a bite to eat at the bar and the food was tasty and served up by a helpful and polite barman. If you stay at the Pearl you won't be disappointed but be aware that you'll be charged for the boxes of water you drink that are provided in your room.Thank you very, very much for your great review. We are so honored that you chose The Pearl. Words cannot express our gratitude. Look forward to seeing you in the near future! Make it a great day.
long overdue, after a recent visit to the pearl for their famous movie nite (the royal tennenbaums !), i feel compelled to share my many great experiences there. my girl and i have dined, swam, stay-cationed, happy-houred, laughed and loved at this wonderful san diego spot.chef jaison rocks delicous meals (pork chop is a must have), queen emily behind the bar slings fantastic cocktails, all the servers are sweet and attentive...seems like one big happy family of pros that work there. adrienne captains the team and her care shines through in all they do.on the hotel side, all the rooms have always been creatively furnished (beta fish!) and spotlessly clean. nice strong coffee in the morning at the bar, swim in the warmed saltwater pool, and you are good to go for the day. try to book the adorably tiny room named the gem- your love life will thank you!On behalf of the entire Pearl crew/family. THANK YOU VERY MUCH for your review and continued support. Hope to see you again soon. Tell a friend.
Having visited San Diego before and not necessarily enjoying the Gas Lamp District (with it's chain restaurants and conference going visitors), I was excited to discover the hip Pearl Hotel in Point Lomo. When you tally up it's affordable price, friendly customer service, inviting bar and pool area, and overall design, it's clear you have an excellent choice when staying in San Diego.The hotel is a short five minute drive from San Diego Airport, about fifteen minutes to downtown or Balboa Park, and conveniently located next to a Starbucks, grocery store, and the harbor on Shelter Island. Limited on-site parking is available for a reasonable 10 a night although it's probably best to ask the hotel to reserve a spot for you.The hotel itself is a converted motel with just over 20 rooms situated around a small pool. The main check-in area and bar feature a hip lobby and modern looking bar which also serves as a place to grab a bite to eat in the evening and a cup of coffee in the morning.The rooms while retaining that mid-century motel layout are remodeled with clean bathrooms, a comfortable bed, and a trendy design. A nice twist is that each room features a goldfish which adds a nice human touch. Our first floor room let in a little more noise than I expected from the common areas, but by midnight when staff were tidying up and closing the bar, there was little noise to keep you up.While we did run into an issue during our stay, the staff were extremely helpful and pro-active in making sure we left on a good foot. Had they stopped there, I would still have written a positive review but their follow up call and gesture proves that this is a well managed hotel that truly cares about their customers.On behalf of the entire Pearl management and staff, thank you for taking the time to leave a kind and detailed review! We truly appreciate it. Your support means the world to us. Please come visit us again soon. Tell a friend.
They've made a nice job transforming an old motel into this cool, well-designed hotel, with a very attractive bar-restaurant-pool area and rooms that are clean, pretty and comfortable. Felt a bit sorry for the lonely fish in its bowl though, it seemed half-dead.The location is by a main road but noise didn't bother and it's actually very central a stone's throw from the airport and not far from neither Downtown nor SeaWorld.Also, it's not at all expensive.Greatly appreciate you review and kind comments about the Pearl Hotel. Honored to have you as our guest.
This hotel is so cool and hip. The rooms are very stylish....you even get a pet in the room (a fish). They show movies outside by the pool on the wall. The restaurant is amazing - the food is so fresh and organic. Very cool hip place. Stay or just go for dinner or drinks.....this place will not disappoint!!On behalf of the entire Pearl Hotel crew and family. Thanks for the great review. We appreciate it. Your support and kind words go a long way. Will be sharing with our staff. Hope you will come stay again in the near future. Tell a friend.
Arriving into San Diego, GPS has me going down this scrappy looking strip dotted with low-end motels, convenience and liquor stores. Right away, I am chiding myself for relying only on T.A. and not talking with locals before booking the non-refundable special here. By the neighborhood's appearance I was certain I'd erred. The Pearl's unassuming exterior belies the treasures within. Upon walking into the courtyard/pool area, I met two cute and perky young gals at front desk who introduced me to Greg, the owner. I know I had a dubious look on my face as I began to question him about the clientele here, the noise level, the neighborhood, etc. Greg assured me this was a popular locals place for bar/dining, a favorite lodging place for an older crowd and young families, and not a wild partying venue. While he could have said, you will LOVE this place instead he was matter of fact, polite and reassuring. Upon entering the room, I knew I'd hit the jackpot....and within 5 minutes I found Greg at poolside with his co-workers, as I exclaimed, I LOVE this place! The room's retro dcor, cleanliness, ultra-modern touches and amenities set the stage for the ultimate in mid-century motif - right down to Jaws the lone fish swimming in a bowl mounted to the wall. At 4-6 Happy Hour, the relaxed and festive bar came alive with such friendly patrons and accommodating, crisp hotel staff. Between the hum of the AC and an incredibly comfortable bed, both nights of sleep were blissful. The restaurant is divine. I sat on the shag-covered pad by the lobby with a tray table as it was full for Valentine's prix fixe dinner. Service and food were superb. The feeling of pride among the staff in the care of the Pearl and its guests is palpable. While the location is a bit inconvenient to downtown, Point Loma is close by for spectacular views, and after a day of Balboa Park and sites in the city, it is a welcome retreat to return here. So, I will ONLY book at the Pearl on subsequent SD trips and sing its praises to anyone I know heading this way for holiday.
The staff were super nice and the room was clean and inviting. This hotel is cute and is in a great location. We hadn't been to San Diego before and found that The Pearl is very close to the beach and also to downtown. I would definitely stay there again!On behalf of the Pearl Crew THANK YOU for your mighty fine review. We are honored you chose to stay with us and that you enjoyed how central we were to all the San Diego spots! We hope to have you back soon. Make it a great day!
We hosted a team dinner at The Pearl and it was a great experience. The food and ambiance were phenomenal, and the staff was all incredibly helpful and friendly. We'll definitely go back here without hesitation!
I am in complete agreement with the review from SEH7 about this hotel. They really need to decide if they are a hotel or a night club. The staff was very friendly and helpful. But my one additional complaint would be how bad our bathroom was. The bathtub was peeling and dirty and the mold on the shower curtain was horrible.
I arrived to San Diego on Sunday, a worm sun welcomed me, it was a very good start, took a cab and after about 5 minutes the driver informed me we arrived, although we had a short drive I already saw the beauty of this city, the beautiful houses, the lovely sea, and the impressive marina.But all that was just the aperitif for a very pleasant surprise, we parked near a very small hotel, far from downtown, not impressive from the outside, after you put first step at the front door you start feel the special atmosphere that this hotel has to offer, very warm and wrapping dcor, on your right a nice bar, on your left a small reception with a smiling receptionist , but before I will talk about the people, few more things about the hotel, it build in a square shape when in the middle a small pool with comfortable sitting places. The owner created a wonderful place with great atmosphere.Few evening every week, people are gathering around the pool, on a big screen you can see an old movie, laughing, some dancing, drink, great food and lovely people..Lets talk about people, the personnel were great, very welcoming, helping in need, and even play there part in directing a tourist like me.I am talking about everyone I met there but still I bump with some more occasionally.( and I hope I spell each the name correctlyMarcella, the night worker who woke me up every morning, and welcomed me for a coffee at the lobbyJami, The bartender who was very nice, welcome and patient with all my questionsEmily, that made us the best Mojito everThank you all for a wonderful hosting, hope to see you againIVGIThank you very much for taking time to write a very detailed review of the Pearl Hotel. I am very fortunate to work with some amazing people. I will share your review with our staff!!!!!. Hope you will come visit us again soon. we appreciate your support.
Surprisingly quiet and serene disputed its location on a busy street. The staff was very helpful - the day we left, we checked our bikes with them and they insisted on locking them where they could see them from the desk. The restaurant closes Sunday's so we didn't have a chance to try it. There are many dining options within an easy walk. Many thanks for leaving such a wonderful review. Honored you chose to stay with us! Next time you must dine with us. Hope to see you soon!
I'll start with saying this review is of The Pearl as venue, not just a hotel. I am very familiar with the property, as I live nearby, and stop in for a drink or dinner frequently. Point Loma is an often undiscovered part of San Diego, especially by tourists. Those in the know understand that some of our cities best gems are located on the peninsula, one of which is The Pearl. I recently hosted my company's holiday party here, and it was fantastic. It all starts with the venue, The Pearl surprises people because from the street most people have no idea what lies inside. Inside you'll find a lovingly restored motor lodge that brings back the spirit of 60's mid-century modern with some modern polish. That is complemented by a great bar and restaurant where you can find great cocktails, and unique food served by staff who are truly invested in what they do.I'll be the first to say that I prefer hotels, restaurants, and bars that have a point of view, and that are sometimes a bit quirky. If that's what you are looking for check out The Pearl.Thanks for acknowledging the Pearl for the great venue that it is, plus Point Loma!!!. is a great community. sometimes tourist overlook it, but it has lots and lots to offer. Hope you will come again soon. Tell a Friend.
A great welcome to this small, comfortable hotel. We had a nice, good sized room (complete with goldfish). Didn't eat in the restaurant but saw lots of people, mostly local, enjoying what looked like excellent food. They don't do breakfast but there are some good places nearby and they do provide excellent free coffee in the lobby. Overall a pleasant stay and would probably use again if in the area.Thank you for the kind review. We appreciate your support. We hope you can come back for a visit and try our great restaurant. Please tell a friend. Make it an amazing day.
I personally loved the attention that went into designing this space - and the folks that work there are great! I can see why it gets such good ratings! It has a lot of appeal due to the access to fun areas around San Diego. The price is right, too!There was a drawback to the location that my husband states will be the reason we won't go back. The road noise and traffic on Rosecrans forced us to seek out ear plugs and the only way to watch TV was on a high volume. We didn't feel 100 safe walking to and from coffee shops, etc. In fact, someone leaving a driveway paid no attention to us at all. Everyone on Rosecrans is in some kind of hurry. Not the laid back beach town vibe I was looking for.If you are young and hip enough to pass out with a buzz after the fun bar and pool experience, the road noise may not be a bother.Thank you for taking the time to write a review. Happy to hear you enjoyed our little gem. Unfortunately, some of our rooms do get the road noise, but we always recommend requesting one of our quieter rooms, so that you may have a peaceful night OR there is always your great suggestion of a nitecap or two in our bar :) Thanks again for taking the time to write a review.
This was our second stay at the Pearl and we will for sure be back. Love the funky decor.Very friendly and helpful staff at both the hotel and the bar/restaurant. You have git to get the doughnuts for desert!The first time we had the gem room which was a bit small. This time we had a jewel room and it was the perfect size. A BIG BIG thank you for your fantastic review. We truly appreciate you. It is very gratifying when we have guests return for the second, third, fourth time. Please come back soon. Make it a great day.
The place is safe although you need a car to get to the center. The rooms are OK but the service is awesome and there is a really good vibe around the place.Thanks for the review. we appreciate. Our staff does ROCK and truly strives to make each guest stay the best it can be. yes, we are 10 min from the city, but we do work it with guest experience to make up for it. will pass your comments onto the staff. please come visit us again. we appreciate the support.
Just got back from SD and five nights at the Pearl. Kimberly Parker and her staff did a terrific job in taking care of all of our needs and making us feel very welcomed! We travel often and have never received hospitality such as this. The property is retro, comfortable and well cared for. The restaurant is outstanding and the drinks are unique and excellent. Our next visit to SD will involve another visit to the Pearl, and all around great experience!Greatly appreciate you taking time to write a review. Glad you had a great stay with us. Please come visit again soon!!!! Going to share your review with our team. Our restaurant is amazing, glad you got a chance to enjoy it. Tell a Friend.
I was visiting San Diego for a friends Christmas party and the Pearl was the perfect place to stay for my trip. Convenient location, easy to get to and travel from. The restaurant had a really fun atmosphere and the staff was above and beyond. The rooms were up to date and had everything we needed. Comfortable bed and bedding. I'd definitely stay here again.On behalf of the Pearl crew thank you for your mighty fine review. We love peeps that dig our little gem. Can't wait to have you back. Cheers!
Always a pleasure staying at my home away from home in Point Loma. As always, Marcella, Jamie, Emily, Erika and the entire staff provided seamless, professional service throughout my entire stay. Jon and Jason have the restaurant back on track after Aaron's departure. Service in the bar restaurant from Chloe, Vahn, Paul and Linsday was outstanding as always!! The new general manager Kimberly is working hard to keep things wonderful as well --- thanks to everyone for all the congenial service and extremely positive and customer service-focused attitude!!Thank you very much for the kind review. 2nd review!!!!!. it's guest like you that make this business so amazing. we appreciate your continued support. always great to have the mayor of the Pearl on property.
My daughter highly suggested this hotel because of the friendly staff, cozy atmosphere and accommodations. She was absolutely right! Everyone was so nice..I have a broken wrist and staff assisted me all of the way with a cheery attitude and smiles (most important because I was a waitress for 30 years and I know all about customer service). I saw other people write that it was a bit noisy. I did not find that to be the case at all. I enjoyed the festive atmosphere even though I was in my room. I LOVED SCOOTER, MY FRIEND THE FISH!!!!!Anyway I HIGHLY suggest The Pearl as a place to stay. They all made me feel like family and I will definitely return on my next visit!Thank you to all staff, from managers to housekeepers!Lorie RoppHappy Holidays. Thank you very much for the great review. Glad you stayed with us. Will tell Scooter the fish hello from you. Hope you will come visit us again soon. pleasure serving you.
You walk back into the 60's decor. From the moment we arrived the clerk was helpful. The room was very clean and it was nice to be greeted by Pluto, the bedroom mascot. I do not hesitate to recommend.First and foremost Pluto sends his love! Thank you for taking the time to leave a great review. Glad to hear you got the Pearl service you deserve! Hope to have you back soon!
If you are looking for a cool adult hotel near the airport (5 miles) and want to feel special this is your place. Our two rooms were retro and clean and we were given free parking, drinks and appetizers with a special. All staff were fun, considerate and food was delicious. We sat outside around a pool with giant beach balls on a perfect San Diego evening watching classic surf films and silent reruns of Gilligan's Island. A Starbucks a block away and you are close to drive to downtown, Oldtown, beach and more.BIG TIME THANK YOU for your review!!!!!! On behalf of the entire Pearl Hotel team we appreciate your support. It's an honor to serve you. Please tell a friend and hope to see you soon.
Well we booked a room here since my gf likes boutique hotels and laid back atmosphere they usually provide. This hotel was not in the area we thought it was in, actually it was pretty far from what we expected. As it turns out that was a good thing. We weren't to far from Ocean Beach which is a fun experience in itself, and not to far from Pacific beach as well. They provide free beach crusier rentals and we had fun taking those out to get around quicker. Now the Hotel itself is in a somewhat run down area, and there isn't anything to see unless you bike for 30 minutes but we had an adventure because of it. Downstairs as all the other review say is fun. You can play board games get a drink and hang with a mixed crowd of people while enjoying a seat by the pool. The room is average, maybe a little below. It was clean (other than stain on sheet) and for the age it was descent. But we need to point out that the age does make a difference. The bathroom is dated, and the basic feel is a converted Motel 6 into a retro style hotel. But then again we didn't stay in the room long so those facts didn't bother me. The staff was friendly and very personable which makes up for the hotels state of disaray. I would recommend this hotel if you are open minded, enjoy people and music, and like the out of the box experience that you can't have at a huge hotel. Go have an adventure, get a bike and cruise to Ocean Beach.. just doing that makes the day rememberable.. LOLThanks for the review. very good suggestion on borrowing the bikes and going for a ride. it's a great way for guest to see Pt. Loma, Downtown or Ocean Beach. we appreciate your support and hope you will come visit us again soon.
I love everything about The Pearl Hotel and Restaurant! I booked the Essentials package, that came with free parking for your stay, two complimentary cocktails, and one appetizer. I stayed in Room 3 and everything was great! The bed was super comfortable and I had a wonderful nights sleep. The room comes with a small patio area, which in my opinion is just ok. I think it could be a little bigger and more private, but if your not going to use it then it shouldn't be a big deal to you. At the Restaurant, the bartender was awesome! He knows what he's doing and is willing to help you out. A+ for the serivce he gave. I think his name might of been John Don't quote me on that though! lol The ONLY things that I think could be improved would be the bathroom, carpeting, and mosquito problem. The carpeting in the room was almost rope like in feeling so I wore sandals when I walked around. The bathroom was not disgusting but it did look run down. There was also this strange occurance of several small mosquitos I caught flying in the room. I think they might be coming from the plants. Those problems are small and the rest of the experience was so great , I was able to overlook the little things. Don't get me wrong, I am super picky when it comes to hotels! I highly reccommend staying here. For people who are constant complainers (you know who you are) don't stay here if you want a nice quiet getaway, there is a Hilton down the way for you.thanks for the GREAT REVIEW!!!!! Super cool. Appreciate it. John is awesome. will let him know. Our staff truly goes the extra mile to create that guest experience. so glad you enjoyed it. your note about the bathroom is well taken and we are addressing it in the near future. hope you come stay with us again soon.
We stayed at The Pearl a couple summers ago and fell in love with the place - and the burgers! A couple weeks ago my boyfriend surprised me with a trip back to our favorite San Diego hotel. We spent the first night lounging poolside with another fantastic burger dinner and drinks. Brian, our server, made us feel welcome right away and recommended the curried carrot soup to start - not something we would have gone with, but it was absolutely delicious. The following evening at sunset my boyfriend surprised me with a perfect proposal on Sunset Cliffs! Needless to say, we were on cloud 9 when we arrived back at The Pearl. The staff picked up on it right away and made our night so incredibly special. Brian was our server again and excitedly brought us complementary champagne to celebrate. While we had dinner, a couple of the staff snuck into our room (which was totally fine with us) and set up a bucket of champagne, some glasses, and a couple of awesome I The Pearl shirts with a handwritten note of congratulations! The Pearl staff went above and beyond, and these gestures really made an amazing weekend that much better. Their thoughtfulness has become a part of our engagement story, and we can't say enough how much we appreciate all they did for us! Thank you Adrienne, Maggie, Brian, and everyone at The Pearl!PS - Oscar the fish was a great roommate!Thank you very much for the awesome review. First and foremost. Congrats on the engagement!!!! Honored to be part of your celebration. Our burgers are amazing. Look forward to your next visit. Tell a friend.
Very hip, great bar and food. Ruins surround bar so be prepared for some noise.Thanks for your review of the Pearl hotel. really dig you title/heading to your post!!!!!! thanks for sharing and hope you will come visit us again soon. it's guest like you that make this business so amazing.
Found the Motel via Tripadvisor. I can imagine this used to be an ordinary Motel, which later was later upgraded to a boutique hotel. The owners have added lots of taste in terms furniture, bathroom amenities, pool area/combined bar. Highly recommended.On behalf of the entire Pearl management and staff, thank you for taking the time to leave a kind and detailed review! We truly appreciate it.
My husband and I recently stayed at The Pearl and had an awesome time! We were a little hesitant to stay here after all of the mixed reviews we had read. But, we decided to give it a go! Pulling up to The Pearl we werel a little nervous (it's located on a very busy street) but once we got inside we fell in love with all of the decor. It has a vintage feel with a modern twist. We really enjoyed the beta fish in the room, it was a nice touch! I would definetely stay here again next time im in town. Last but not least the staff was great. Really seems like they enjoy where they work!Thank you, Thank you and Thank you. We appreciate the review and comments about the Pearl Hotel. We strive to create the best guest experience possible. hope you will come visit us again soon.
This hotel is clean, and reasonable, conveniently located close to downtown, harbor island, airport, and other attractions. It looked like a renovated, upscale motel, and there was a little noise while they were cleaning mid day, but otherwise, good experience and reasonably priced. Avalon at the front desk was especially helpful and informative they also give you complementary coffee and check in/out was easy. I would consider staying here again, unless price and views elsewhere were more appealing. Parking was also easy, free residential available not far from the hotel.On behalf of the entire Pearl team, thank you for your kind review. We appreciate your support. Come visit us again soon!
This was my first trip to San Diego and I had asked a local friend if the super pricey hotels in city center were necessary - thank goodness she said no. The Pearl was a great place to stay. Located in the quiet neighborhood of Point Loma, the Pearl is no more than a 10 minute drive to anything one would want to see in San Diego. The Pearl does offer parking but most nights of my stay I was able to find safe street parking nearby without issue. The rooms were clean, comfortable, well appointed and the staff was more than accommodating for anything that was needed. Although the hotel does not offer weekday breakfast, there are several great spots in walking distance and there is great coffee in the lobby. I would not recommend The Pearl for light sleepers who want to go to sleep early. Most rooms overlook the pool and restaurant which does create noise until about 11PM on weeknights. I personally did not mind and enjoyed the liveliness of the property but this could be an issue for light/early sleepers. Also, as The Pearl itself advertises, this is not a place for people traveling with children.Honored you chose our little gem! We LOVE people that just 'get it'. You are one groovy cat and we hope to have you back soon. Cheers!
You will love this mid-century gem! Was attending a conference in San Diego and someone recommended that I eat at the restaurant at the Pearl Hotel. I went online to look up the restaurant menu and fell in love with the hotel pics! Was already booked at the Sheraton (not a big fan of generic chains) but I decided to call the Pearl at the last minute and talked to the ultra fabulous, Avalon! They had a room available and I immediately cancelled my Sheraton reservation. Best decision ever! Stayed in one of the Gem rooms upstairs. Super comfortable room, great retro decor, and super clean! The room had free WIFI that worked great! The Pearl is in a great little residential neighborhood off a main street. I loved the location, which ended up being even closer to my conference location.Went downstairs and had amazing cocktails and full 3-course dinner at the bar. Bartenders were great and Chef Elliott Townsend will not disappoint. The food was DELICIOUS!! Beautiful, seasonal ingredients cooked perfectly! Will absolutely eat here again the next time in San Diego!This is a small hotel and there is no valet parking or luxury amenities. But their service more than makes up for this! They get 5 stars for service for sure! Avalon took care of everything from the moment I called. She took care my room reservation, reserved a parking space, helped with my bags, handled room service, and brought up a hotel t-shirt that I purchased. She even came outside to wait for me when I called the hotel to say I was a little lost! She provided better service than some 5-star hotel concierges I've dealt with. ATTENTION PEARL MANAGEMENT: Chef Elliott and Avalon are rock stars!!
This is a very delayed review as it was 6 months ago this week that we stayed at the Pearl Hotel. Ive never felt the urge to write a review of a hotel before, but I really wanted to for this hotel as I was so pleased we found this little gem wanted to share our experience with others thinking of staying here. 7 of us Brits (age ranges between 30 62) arrived at the Pearl late on a Sunday night in November 2010 after driving from Las Vegas. The service we received at check in was great, we were advised on where to park our car (if you park on the street round the corner, its free as opposed to paying for parking outside) were shown to our rooms. It was nearly midnight when we got our luggage out of the car into our room when we discovered a (very minor) issue with our room. We werent going to mention it to reception but thought we would bring it to their attention. Without going into lots of detail (as it would be boring!), we received the best service over our 4 day stay we have ever had on our many trips to the US from this hotel. The reception staff were fantastic in helping to resolve our problem they went out of their way to make sure we enjoyed our stay at the Pearl. You can tell this isnt a chain restaurant is a family run hotel as the little touches made a big difference to our stay. For example, they leave a note after cleaning your room each day telling you what the next days weather will be the menu for that evenings dinner at the restaurant. We were very fortunate to be offered a free meal at the hotel, to be totally honest we were hesitant at eating in the restaurant as we like to explore the local area rather than eat at our hotel for dinner. We were very pleasantly pleased at how yummy the food was, both my husband I had the burger loved it they arent lying when they claim it to be the best burger in the area! We were only disappointed that we left it till our last night to eat there as we would have had more food there had we ate there earlier. We ate in the outside little garden terrace although it was a chilly November night, it has several garden heaters that made it a nice cosy area to eat drink in. Before we headed out for the evenings, we had a few drinks in the bar the beer drinkers in our party were impressed at the wide array of lagers ales on offer. I had a lavender cocktail that I remember being very tasty indeed. There is a good seating area around the pool / cinema screen to enjoy drinks from the bar.With regards to the room, each one has its own fish tank on the wall which is something Id never seen before in a hotel I loved this detail. Between us we had 4 rooms so I got to see all rooms all were of good standard.The location is pretty good, we drove to SeaWorld, San Diego Zoo Old Town none of which took that long to get to. For the evenings that we went out into San Diego, the hotel rang up for a taxi it didnt take long to reach our destination. Overall, I would rate this hotel very highly if you are thinking about booking this hotel I recommend that you do as you wont regret it. 6 months on, all 7 of us who went on the trip adored this hotel we still talk about our stay there it was a real highlight of our 2 week stay to Las Vegas, San Diego, Anaheim LA. If we ever go back to San Diego, I will make sure we stay at this hotel if anyone who works at the hotel is reading this thank you very much for the fabulous service!Thank you very much for the detailed review. Awesome!!!!! The entire staff at the Pearl was honored to have you as our guest. Your kind words are so appreciated. hope you will come stay with us again in the future. Again thank you for choosing the Pearl Hotel.
There might be hotels more suitable to seniors, there might be quieter and more private rooms, yet this hotel is so much more than a comfortable sleep. The Pearl is a gathering place, a party, a friendly and adorable environment that is fun and delicious. Definitely returning.We love when people get it and you clearly get what the Pearl is all about. Thank you for your review and taking the time to show us some love! We LOVE when our guests get the full Pearl experience. Hope to have you back soon. Cheers!
I am a convert to The Pearl as the place to stay in San Diego. It isn't the bricks-and-mortar physical premises, although it is a reasonably cleverly updated motel oozing retro chic. What will keep me coming back is the absolutely wonderful service I received from the front desk and the restaurant staff, way beyond the call of duty and very graciously offered. And also, honestly, the scrumptious food coming from the kitchen. The chef is awesome! I had been told to stay at The Pearl by a colleague who said that the rooms are just OK but the bar scene and dinners are non-pareil. He was right!Thank you very much for the kind review. Honored to have you as a guest and look forward to your next visit. The entire Pearl team strives towards the perfect stay/experience All the very best from the entire Pearl family.
My wife and I stayed here a couple of days during the first week of March, 2016. Our first trip to San Diego and we loved The Pearl along with SD. I think I would characterize The Pearl as personal and intimate. Natalie took our reservation by phone the day before then remembered us personally with a little note in the room when we arrived. David checked us in on arrival and treated us like an innkeeper greeting special guests. We had several dealings with Angie and she seemed like we were family. As a small businessman all my life I have always tried to spend my money with other small business people. If we ever make our way back to SD we will certainly 'spend our money' with The Pearl since it's so nice to feel appreciated.On behalf of the entire Pearl team, THANK YOU for your great review. We truly appreciate it. Thrilled to hear our staff delivered an excellent guest experience. Hospitality is so important to us. Thanks again for your support. Visit us again soon. Tell a friend!
We just spent the weekend at The Pearl. The best thing about this place was the service. The entire staff was friendly and Our room was clean and basic, and our pet goldfish Betty was fun touch.We had drinks and small plates at Eat at The Pearl's happy hour when we initially arrived. The food was fine, and the drinks were good.The concept of The Pearl is great, but it is starting to look shabby, especially around the pool area. Also, it's obvious this place is a hangout for locals that are not staying in the hotel. It didn't seem like a vacation friendly pool for those staying, but more like a locals only party pool. Now I'm all for a fun party vibe, I've stayed at Ace hotels many times, but it did seem to us that local peeps took over the place, and because of that, we didn't feel like hanging out. This was a little disappointing, as our Strand room was not exactly inexpensive.Thank you for taking the time to leave a review and for all of your feedback! Since we pack a lot into our little gem, our restaurant and bar surround our pool, so when we have brunch guests (Hotel and local) join in the FUN! We apologize if you felt unwelcome in the pool, we would never want our guests to feel that way! Thanks again for your feedback and I'm happy to hear that our staff delivered on service. Cheers!
At first, I will admit I was a little skeptical. The rooms open to the outside, which is motel like so I wasn't crazy about that and thought for a second that this place was going to be a dive. I was wrong. It really is a super nice place, a little funky and perhaps the decor needs a little update but I loved it. Very comfortable bed, clean room, bar and restaurant specials, a giant screen above the pool for movies and the staff are awesome. Would definitely stay here again. On behalf of The Pearl management and staff, thank you very much for the kind review. We truly appreciate it. We hope you can come back for another visit. Make it a great day.
Spent several days at the Pearl for my daughter's wedding. Great service and very friendly people. It was a memorable time.
I recently had the pleasure of staying in this boutique hotel, for a wedding. The staff were extremely friendly and accomodating (with great patience !) The rooms were nicely decorated, very clean and every need was taken care of. The food was amazing and plentiful, do not have one complaint. I would, without hesitation, stay at this hotel again and recommend to my friends, family and clients (I am a travel partner).Happy Holidays!!!!!!!!. Greatly appreciate your review. Hope you will come stay with us again soon. Tell a Friend. Cheers and kind regards, The entire Pearl Hotel crew.
Stayed at The Pearl for the weekend with my husband - our third time, and it just gets better! The Pearl is retro-modern hip, but without the attitude. Design is simple, comfortable, inventive, tasteful...and just cool. Arrived late Friday night to a busy bar- this place is happening, which we loved! We had a drink and then went to our room (23), a little worried if it would be loud, and were pleasantly surprised that it was not. Slept like a log in the amazingly comfortable bed.Had a wonderful dinner Saturday night - this place makes the best soups, the best burger and the best beignets ever! But what really sets this place apart is the service, from the front desk, to the bar, to the restaurant...they seem genuinely interested in making sure you have a great, fun stay.Will be back...Appreciate you detailed review!!!!!!!. Glad you had a great time. Will share your review with the entire Pearl staff. You are 100 correct, our staff truly values and cares about our guests. It's guests like you that makes the hospitality business so worthwhile. Thanks for your support and hope you will come stay a 4th time with us in the near future. Please tell a friend.
We chose this hotel based on reviews and were not sorry. But there are things to consider for pros and cons. Pros - very stylish, fun details. Like the fish that came with our room, Rambo. The bar is open to the pool, everything is small, but the whole hotel is small. The location was close to everything needed, coffee etc. Even though the area is older and feels more real, it felt safe. If you want to party with other hotel guests there are planned events around the bar and on Wednesday nights a dive-in movie.Cons - Our shower was very sad, to get hot water we ended up with not much more than a trickle. The flip side of the activities around the pool is the noise level which blended in with our extremely noisy air conditioner. Overall we were glad that we stayed. Our check-in was done by Megan who was lovely,warm and welcoming.Thank you for taking the time to write a mighty fine review. Feedback is so important to us. We are constantly striving to make the Pearl experience stellar! Rambo sends his love and hopes to have you back. Make it a great day!
My wife and I went for my birthday weekend, and the entire staff seemed to go above and beyond to make our stay and overall experience an amazing one. From the moment we checked in until the moment we checked out, every staff member was on top of their game and extremely friendly. The hotel grounds speak for themselves. If you reserve a room on their site, then you've seen the grounds. It's cool, it's chic, it's clean, it's everything that you see in their pictures. But I just want to stress the importance of a friendly staff and caring staff. I cannot stress enough how each and every employee there exceeded our expectations of what we look for in service from employees at a hotel. They raised the bar, and we will be back again without a doubt.First off, thanks for celebrating your birthday at The Pearl! Happy to hear you enjoyed our friendly service. We have a great staff. Hope you visit again soon. Make it an amazing day.
I really liked this place but my wife was a bit tepid on it. In our opinion, there were lots of upside. First of all, affordable. We stayed in room no. 9 which was a junior suite. Great, vintage couch. Goldfish named Bruce Lee on the wall. Patio. Air conditioning. The location is away from downtown in an area called Point Loma that has good restaurants (walking)and the Cabrillo National Monument Area nearby (driving). There are even some bayside beaches. I swam at one and it seemed pretty clean. And the pool at the Pearl is small but great. Drinks and music poolside! We pretty much had it to ourselves twice. It also has its own restaurant but we didn't eat there. Near the airport, too, but we drove in.Downside: my wife disliked the hard bed intensely. The traffic noise from the street is loud. Parking is limited and ten bucks extra. No guarantee you'll get a spot. Far from downtown and no trolley nearby. Pillows were absurdly uncomfortable! Go figure. That sounds like an oxymoron: uncomfortable pillows. My wife complained that there was no full-length mirror. Oh, well. More upside than downside in my book. I thought it was so different from the average hotel and I really enjoyed that. Cool place.Appreciate your review and comments. Hope you will come stay with us again in the future. Tell a friend.
The staff, accommodations, and overall experience at The Pearl were fantastic. We stayed here for two nights and thoroughly enjoyed it. From happy hour cocktails and apps by the pool, to renting bikes and based on staff recommendations riding downtown for a spot on breakfast, we had a great time and recommend The Pearl to others.thanks for the great review. glad you had a great time. Please tell a friend and hope you will come visit us again soon.
I found this wonderful boutique hotel as I was starting a cycle of business travel to San Diego - I will need to be there 3 or more days monthly for the foreseeable future. I am thrilled by the service, the scale (23 rooms), the rooms, the food (wow quality!), and of course the pet fish in each room. They don't take pets, but provide you with one - a beta fish swims in a bowl on the wall of the room!On Pt. Loma, just blocks from Shelter Island, The Pearl is perfectly accessible, has parking right at the entrances, and had a room where I was instantly comfortable. I was totally impressed with the restaurant - including Dive-In Theater playing movies on the screen over the pool, surrounded by the restaurant. As you look for that perfect little place from which to base your stay in San Diego - search no more you have found The Pearl of great value, and you don't have to sell everything to be able to afford it!
Close to the Marina with public transportation accessible (and parking at the hotel available). Not particularly quiet, as it is on a busy street, but fun and interesting. Mid-century modern design, bar and restaurant open to the pool with nightly activities including movie night. Plenty of people come just for the fun, besides the small number of hotel guests.On behalf of the entire Pearl team, thank you for your kind review. We appreciate your support. Come visit us again soon.
I decided to surprise my girlfriend with a little staycation for our anniversary and we were not disappointed. We've been to the restaurant for the dive-in but this was the first time staying in a room. The staff is amazing! They are so accommodating and genuine. It was such a special night for both of us. Thanks Pearl for providing such a unique and memorable experience! We will be back.Thank you for your kind review. We're so happy you chose the Pearl for your special occasion. We do have an all-star staff! Greatly appreciate the support and hope you keep returning to our hotel. Make it a great day.
Walked into the room and it was small and sparsely furnished but, I guess there really was no room for a table. The A/C-Heat was the typical in that it had 2 temperatures (arctic and sauna) and nothing in between. The TV was difficult to turn off and on. There was only 1 glass in the entire room. The toilet had to be jiggled to stop running. This room was across the hall from a storage room and there seemed to be constant noise all the time. It seemed to be a novel way to turn a run down motel into a boutique hotel with a few contemporary furnishings that could not disguise the fact that it was an old motel. The tub had numerous gouges in it and you could see daylight threw the door (great insulation). We were charged an extra 10 to park and after returning from going out to dinner all the hotels spots were taken and we had to park 3 blocks away. We checked out and were never asked how our stay was or even thank you for staying with us. Will not be returning or recommending this hotel to friends or family.Good day and Happy Holidays. In receipt of your review. Very sorry you were disappointed with your experience. all of your comments are noted and will be discussed with management. Our entire Pearl team always strives to improve our guest experience and property. Make it a fantastic day.
You'll never get to sleep. The only advantage of the continuously loud, throbbing dance music is that it drowns out the traffic noise from the street. I, too, was suckered by the glowing reviews, but in reality, this is a refurbished motel that has cleverly marketed itself as a hip destination spot. It's located in a nondescript area of town, and the furnishings are Ikea-quality generic modern. The pool is small and filled with plastic balls, making it all but unusable. The attraction of this place seems to be the bar, which unfortunately is in an open courtyard, which means you get to hear the music all night, whether you want to or not. The crowd is young, as is the staff. If you are, too, and are on vacation, you might like this place. But don't stay here for business.
My sister, niece and I stopped in for dinner during her 21st birthday trip. First, let me say the staff made our night! Our server Jesse had some great tips on visiting San Diego and was so friendly and efficient! The busser Carter was equally friendly and helpful he helped situate our chairs over by the fire for after dinner cocktails, also by the pool! Together they were about the best I've encountered. Our delicious dinners were served poolside while a James Bond movie played on the big screen and Bond music played in the background. We felt like we were in the sixties in a Bond movie in a good way! Everything was very chic and cool but also very inviting. It was also 1/2 price wine night so it was just a perfect evening. I would recommend a stop here to anyone looking for a unique dining experience. I hear the rooms are also nice but unfortunately we did not stay here.Thank you for taking the time to leave a positive review. We greatly appreciate your support! Our staff are rockstars and so glad you enjoyed their excellent service. The movie night are really fun. Hope you can return for a stay in one of our rooms. Make it a great day.
The first time Myself and my girlfriend stayed here was in 2008, we had such a good time we decided the next time we were in San Diego we would stay here again.Well We finally made our way back to San Diego. The Pearl is just as wonderful as it was in 2008. The staff is amazing!! The rooms are chic! The atmosphere is unforgettable! I had a few great local San Diego beers at the bar, and lets not forget dinner and a movie on Wednesday evenings! Meghan, Avalon, Ashley, Natalie and kyla all helped me coordinate a proposal to my new fianc and also helped setup our room for an amazing evening that we will never forget. We love The Pearl and cannot wait to have our wedding hosted here!
Great location from Sea World for a great price. No need to go far to eat, the hotel restaurant is really cute with good vibe. There is also many areas to visit including a walk to the Shelter Island for a romantic walk. The hotel staff and service is immaculate and the rooms are really nice with a elegant touch and clean. Cant get better for the price I paid. Spend a little more and get room 9, it will not disappoint.Thank you kindly for your review. Stoked to hear you enjoyed your stay and our hood! Bruce Lee sends his love! Hope to see you soon. Remember to book directly and mention the 'Welcome Back' discount for 15 off your stay!
The Pearl is beautiful and well, pretty 'hip'. It has great vibes and a cool retro style. I really enjoy staying at smaller establishments, for better service. A friend referred me to The Pearl and I'm so glad she did. When I checked-in it was pretty late, and I was ready to snooze. Unfortunately, I found that my bed linens had not been changed, when I was just ready to 'hit the hay'. I am a business woman and understand that these things happen. The front desk manager ( at least I think she was the manager), Marcella, was great! She came up to my room and insisted on changing the bed herself, she apologized profusely, and made sure that I was at ease and made comfortable. We had such a pleasant conversation, that for the next ten minutes I forgot about being totally wipe-out! One person who cares about their job, has pride in their work and word, and really cares about PEOPLE, can make all the difference in the world between a pleasant and unpleasant situation! Thank you very much Marcella, the next time I'm in San Diego, I will stay at The Pearl!!!Thank you and thank you. Sorry your trip started off on the wrong foot, but you are 100 correct, One person can turn that negative into a super positive experience. Marcella is such an attribute to the Pearl Hotel. I will pass on your kind comments about her efforts. Honored to have you as our guest and hope you will come visit us again soon. The Pearl always shines brightest when guest like you are staying with us.
We recently stayed at the Pearl hotel for my wedding weekend, and had our family and friends stay with us as well. We, and our guests, were blown away with how much fun we had here. The place itself is so unique with a fun modern vibe, and the staff are equally as amazing. We had everything we needed right there, with the pool, lounge areas, bar and restaurant. The staff went out of their way to accommodate all of our requests, and had fun with us as well. If you're looking for a cool, unique and memorable experience, the Pearl is your spot.
back in time in a typical american motel with a a modern touch and equippment. Stylish details, cool furnitures and colour combination, modern vintage at its best. nice large rooms and beds, toilet kind of simple but clean. great bar and restaurant, every week different activities (ping pong tournament, movies night...), overall great value for money. only negative point, a red fish in the room, almost dying... not necessary to treat animals like this just for coolness!On behalf of the entire Pearl Hotel crew. THANK YOU!!!! really appreciate your support and kind words. to clarify about the fish. they are well taken care of and get feed daily. Hope you will visit us again soon. Tell a friend.
What a great evening we had at the Pearl. We live in San Diego and decide to have a date night with a sleepover. Choose the Pearl because we have heard many wonderful things about it. It lived up to our expectations and more. Great vibe, cool bar, very good food, service was impeccable and the room was awesome. It was great to share a room with a legend, plus he was very quite.Thanks for the great review. truly appreciate it. Bruce Lee appreciates it!!!!!. Hope you will come visit us again soon. Tell a Friend.
One of the most unique hotels you'll ever stay in.Pros:-Eclectic-Groovy vibe in the lobby-Large plasma TVs with lots of channels-Excellent restaurant food-Free wifi-Comfy beds-Goldfish in each room-Only 23 rooms on the propertyCons:-Super small room (7 at least), it was like a jail cell in size-Limited parking spots, 10-Noise carries in the small courtyard was woken up twice in the morning by loud talkers-Walls are thinOn behalf of the entire Pearl Hotel team, Thanks for taking time to review our little Pearl. Appreciate your detailed review. good pro's and con's. All of your Pro's are spot on. on the Con side. Room 7 and 15 are Gem rooms. small/compact in size. all of our other rooms are more then double in size. Parking is limited, but there is fee parking in the neighborhood or you can always use our Car2go program and save BIG TIME!!!!. Hope you will come visit us again soon. We really appreciate the support. Tell a Friend.
LOVED my stay at The Pearl. From the fish bowls in each room, to the hammocks by the pool, this hotel has amazing details that make it super fun. Would recommend and stay in again! My only con was that they stop serving brunch after September. I will have to come back in the summer and try it!Thank you for your mighty fine review. Super awesome you were in to all of the details. You HAVE to join us once our Groove Brunch starts back up in April. Don't forget to call us directly and mention the 'Welcome Back' discount. See you soon!
I stayed a total of ten nights while in town on business.I would consider this more of a motel than a hotel. The price is too good to pass up for a place with very good reviews when compared to the other options in the vicinity of downtown. Each night the bar/restaurant on the ground floor draws an eclectic mix. The food and drinks are outstanding and the movies shown in the courtyard each Wednesday night make for a fun atmosphere.The rooms are very simple, but nice. The main issue I had was with the noise level in the room. Even with a room at the back of the building, the early morning traffic noise from the busy street on which the Pearl is located easily was enough to wake a person and keep them up. Facility parking is not free, but there is ample street parking a block away.Don't check out before trying the Brussels sprouts at the restaurant.Appreciate you taking time to leave us a review. truly appreciate your support and comments. Please come visit us again soon. Tell a Friend.
I love the Pearl! It was hard on me, because it only has stairs, but I still love it. They were playing Meet Me In St. Louis on the outdoor movie screen when we arrived. We each got a drink on the house. They reopened their restaurant with some new foods. I wasnt a fan, but Im a more casual eater, I didnt even know what somethings were. The decor is charming: a swan floaty in the pool, a vertical succulent garden, chiminea in the corner, twinkling lights, bamboo for privacy, Betta fish in every room. There were a couple snafus but they handled it nicely. Id go back.
This hotel is amazing. I was so pleasantly surprised as the outside just doesn't compare to the inside. Never expected such delightful atmosphere, service or food. Angela at the front desk was delightful! Dolly, Mike and Dani were amazing and added perfectly to the time there. THANK YOU all for such a great experience.On behalf of the entire Pearl team, THANK YOU for your great review. We truly appreciate it. Thrilled to hear our staff delivered an excellent guest experience. Hospitality is so important to us. Thanks again for your support. Visit us again soon. Tell a friend!
Staff was very friendly. They could have explained the restaurant/game night happenings so one could participate. Great concept for a hotel. The problem is they want to be a hip cool bar/restaurant/hotel, but it is so loud!!! You can't have lots of fun in the courtyard and not bug hotel guests. OR do a better job of encouraging hotel guests to participate in activities. I really enjoyed my first night here so much--bed was very comforatable, loved the mod renovations amd the beta fish. I booked again for another night the latter part of my trip. I didnt' want same room again (17) because a/c squeaked badly and the curtain covered the unit. However, 17 was a cooler room than the room I stayed in, but prefered the a/c unit in the second room. Liked that there was lots of white noise to help drown out the street/bar noise. Stayed on a Thurs and there was a crazy bingo game--it is LOUD. You can hear the banging around of the other guests. Knowing now about bingo night, I wouldn't stay here again on a Thurs. It is a really good concept and people were having lots of fun, but noise carries here.Thank you for your review and feedback. Point well taken on our 1 night a month Bingo game. Very sorry for the noise challenge. We will be doing 2 things as we move forward. 1 is do a better job notifying our guests of our events and 2 to minimize the noise via stopping the bingo game earlier. I do appreciate your nice comments about our staff they do care and truly enjoy serving our guests. Hope you will come stay with us again soon.
Hosted my husband and son's birthday celebration at The Pearl during brunch-- kids and adults alike had a blast. Mimosas and swimming in an upbeat, relaxed ambiance. The staff took great care of us-- serving drinks and meals for 20 without a single snag! Definitely one of my favorite places to hang out.On behalf of the the entire Pearl crew, a BIG thank you for choosing to celebrate with us and supporting our little business!! Thrilled you enjoyed the brunch and took advantage of the pool. Greatly appreciate the support. Come back soon and tell a friend.
I was there for two nights. The room was clean and the staff was friendly enough. The bed was comfortable and everything worked well enough. I was disappointed that you had to go to the bar to get ice and, in the evening, things can get a little loud with the patrons at the bar. Overall, I was satisfied with my accommodations, but I can't say I would stay there again for my next SD getaway. I'm not poo-pooing the place, it just wasn't for me.Thanks for the honest review. In the future you can call the front desk or bar and ask them to bring you ice, that was the thought process on not putting an ice machine on our little property. your feedback will better serve us to inform our guests that we are willing to bring ice to our guests.
We loved everything about The Pearl Hotel. The staff couldn't have been more friendly and more accommodating. Our room was VERY clean. The bar was great as was the bartender! Loved the cocktails and enjoyed their happy hour. The food was amazing! Best fish taco I had on our trip. We used their bikes to ride along the harbor into down town San Diego. Everything about The Pearl is fun. It was just what we wanted - unique, clean, great service, fun and good location.On behalf of the entire Pearl team, THANK YOU for your great review. We truly appreciate it. Thrilled to hear our staff delivered an excellent guest experience. Hospitality is so important to us. Thanks again for your support. Visit us again soon. Tell a friend!
I love the fish in the rooms (live) and they are different names - very personable.Short and Sweet. Glad you liked your pet fish during your stay at the Pearl Hotel. Please come visit us again soon. We appreciate your support. Be well on this great day. Cheers from The entire Pearl hotel crew.
In a way this is a no-frills hotel - pretty basic room, though everything is very comfortable, clean, and the best thing it has so much PERSONALITY! They have little cards for every day on your bed, and our room even had a goldfish bowl - WITH A FISH in it...they had a plaque letting us know his name was Pressley :) Tons of fun little things around the Pearl for you central though not super near any beach.On behalf of the entire Pearl team, THANK YOU for your great review. We truly appreciate it. Hospitality is so important to us. Thanks again for your support. Visit us again soon. Tell a friend!
My husband and I wanted to do a staycation in our new town and stumbled upon The Pearl through our searches. It was a great find indeed. The decor has a mod, retro, hip vibe... full of earthiness, fun, and intentionality. The staff was extremely open and friendly and quick to offer suggestions about what to see and do around town. The beer and cocktail list is great. I strongly suggest the Marie Antoinette... the hint of lavender in it made it feel fancy. They are definitely helping lead the mixology trend of infusing interesting things together for a delish beverage. The room was great. Had a great radio with their own playlist which helped us stay with the whole vibe. I still miss our little goldfish friend. The only mishap happened at Happy Hour when we weren't told that the beer we ordered wasn't included in the happy hour special... but even that was readily remedied by the owner of The Pearl. If you want a unique boutique hotel, I definitely recommend this place. It's also near to the Sunset Cliffs. We are planning to go catch one of their Wednesday night flicks soon. :)Thanks for the killer review. We appreciate it. Come stay with us again soon!!!!!! Happy Holidays from the entire Pearl Hotel crew.
I stayed here for one night with friends. Check-in was hassle free the staff tried to answer all questions. I made use of the lobby computer with free Internet it works fine. I took a quick dip in the small pool it was OK but was a bit small and the water had a some leaves and bugs (outdoor pool). Bathroom and bedsheets were clean nothing negative to report about the room itself.
I'm not sure why this place gets such good reviews because there are other places in Napa that are so much better, see my other reviews.1. They charge your card before you ever arrive. Not just reserve the money but charge the card. 2. A 72 hour cancellation policy (ridiculous) and they never answer the phones so canceling is impossible anyway. 3. Would not honor Google offers coupon. 4. Blinds do not block the light so your up at 6 whether you like it or not. 5. Noisy street. The only reason this got 2 stars is the room is new and clean but I would never stay here again!
We were a little hesitant to book here as we had just spent 8 days at a high end all inclusive in Mexico, however we were pleasantly surprised at the cleanliness and comfort of the room. It is good, clean basic lodging at a great price.
Clean, neat and outside of downtown Napa. Very affordable with a cute little pool and hot tub.Best bargain I found in all of Napa County. Wonderful Desk Manager and close to a shopping center should you need a little something for your in room refrigerator. Would definitely recommend this Inn and the price is so right.
The Chablis Inn in Napa is located outside the Napa city centre, but the drive into the centre is short and easy and it is not particularly difficult to find free parking in down town Napa. The Wifi didn't work in the room i was in at the beginning. They offered to change the room to be closer to the router and after the transfer the Wifi worked. I recommend to test the Wifi before you have settled in the room. The hotel has a small pool and a few chairs and i was happy to relax at the pool after a long road trip. The hotel doesn't offer breakfast but you find a Starbucks nearby.
Again my husband and I arrived late, so never got to see all the offers from this Inn. I do know that the rooms are good and clean, a disappointing thing was the office closed down early and we had questions that couldn't been answered.
Got to the hotel late at night, hard to see much outside to distinguish this property from others. Went bed quickly without looking around. So, limited impressions at first.The next morning, coffee in hand, I began to take more notice. The room had been renovated recently (new carpet, paint, trim, counter, furniture, TV service appliances, bath updated) Very comfortable. As I went outside, I noticed more about the grounds. New paint on the buildings, landscaping was very tidy. Everything was orderly and clean without being overdone (ala Disneyland).This property gives the impression of an ownership that takes pride in their establishment both in the physical presentation and in the service of the staff. They have worked hard to make thoughtful choices and quality improvements. Great value for the price.
Got to the hotel late at night, hard to see much outside to distinguish this property from others. Went bed quickly without looking around. So, limited impressions at first.The next morning, coffee in hand, I began to take more notice. The room had been renovated recently (new carpet, paint, trim, counter, furniture, TV service appliances, bath updated) Very comfortable. As I went outside, I noticed more about the grounds. New paint on the buildings, landscaping was very tidy. Everything was orderly and clean without being overdone (ala Disneyland).This property gives the impression of an ownership that takes pride in their establishment both in the physical presentation and in the service of the staff. They have worked hard to make thoughtful choices and quality improvements. Great value for the price.
Great location, clean and large sized room. We forgot a ten year old bottle of wine in a drawer along with a blood pressure monitor upon checking out. When we remembered the next day that we had forgotten the items, we returned in hopes of recovering our items. Unfortunately the unit was re-rented and the guests were not in their room. So we figured we were out both our wine as well as our blood pressure unit.To our surprise some days later the front desk girl (a very kind young lady named Darby) contacted us and said she had both our forgotten pieces. She had searched her computer until she finally found our name and contacted us. Coming from Hawaii we were happy to feel the aloha spirit in California.....very refreshing. Thanks again for a great stay!Dear penn3222, Thank you for taking the time to review your stay at Chablis Inn. We are so happy to hear you had a great room experience, and were satisfied with our location. We're also happy that our staff was able to assist in returning your forgotten items, and we have shared your feedback with them. We know you have many choices when you visit Wine Country and we are honored that you chose Chablis Inn. We hope to see you next time you are in town! Dawn P.
A surprising alternative to the many over-priced accomodations in Napa. A perfect place for a family, with an attentive and welcoming staff. This is a motel, but surpassed typical motel standards. Everything is nicely painted, clean, and ship shape looking. Housekeeping staff did a great job. We stayed for three nights, and in many motels this would be a long time. At the Chablis Inn we did not have any regrets and would stay there again.
Love this place whenever we are in the Napa Valley. Great location, near shops and places to eat, and most importantly it is affordable :-) We spend most of our time visiting wineries and restaurants, so we only need somewhere to recover and sleep :-) Bonus is that the beds are comfortable and have lots of pillows. There also is a small fridge to keep food and drinks cold and a microwave to reheat leftovers!Our only complaint is that the spa and pool close at 9pm. We would have liked to soak in the hot tub and we were turned away. It's a little early this time of year (can understand the policy in the winter) when visitors are still arriving after a day out.All in all, it was a good visit here.
We recently stayed at the Chablis Inn. It was very affordable and clean! Everything we needed for a comfortable night stay. We left some valuables behind and didn't realize it until a week later when we were already home. We called and asked the staff to check the room we were staying in. She checked our room that we stayed in and called us back immediately that she had found our valuable. True honesty! It meant a lot to us and I would highly recommend the Chablis Inn if your planning to stay in Napa!
A surprising alternative to the many over-priced accomodations in Napa. A perfect place for a family, with an attentive and welcoming staff. This is a motel, but surpassed typical motel standards. Everything is nicely painted, clean, and ship shape looking. Housekeeping staff did a great job. We stayed for three nights, and in many motels this would be a long time. At the Chablis Inn we did not have any regrets and would stay there again.
I was in Napa for a conference being held at the Marriott two blocks down the street but didn't want to pay the big money to stay at the Marriott. The service was warm and friendly. The room was very clean with a king size bed, mini fridge, microwave, iron, ironing board, hair dryer and tv. I was on the second floor and it was mostly quiet with minimal noise from the road. They offer a hotel pool and hot tub which is clean and well maintained. The location is close to shopping (a car is a must) and the wineries. I found a gem of a grocery just across the street called Vallergas where I could get a salad from the salad bar for lunch!
I'm not sure why this place gets such good reviews because there are other places in Napa that are so much better, see my other reviews.1. They charge your card before you ever arrive. Not just reserve the money but charge the card. 2. A 72 hour cancellation policy (ridiculous) and they never answer the phones so canceling is impossible anyway. 3. Would not honor Google offers coupon. 4. Blinds do not block the light so your up at 6 whether you like it or not. 5. Noisy street. The only reason this got 2 stars is the room is new and clean but I would never stay here again!
Had friends visiting from Ohio who wanted to spend a few days in Napa Valley. Found the Chablis Inn for less than 100 a night mid week with a AAA discount. Small property that's well maintained, very clean, has nice amenities and a great staff. They even kept the pool open for us a little later than usual. I will probably stay here any time I'm in Napa.
Great location, clean and large sized room. We forgot a ten year old bottle of wine in a drawer along with a blood pressure monitor upon checking out. When we remembered the next day that we had forgotten the items, we returned in hopes of recovering our items. Unfortunately the unit was re-rented and the guests were not in their room. So we figured we were out both our wine as well as our blood pressure unit.To our surprise some days later the front desk girl (a very kind young lady named Darby) contacted us and said she had both our forgotten pieces. She had searched her computer until she finally found our name and contacted us. Coming from Hawaii we were happy to feel the aloha spirit in California.....very refreshing. Thanks again for a great stay!Dear penn3222, Thank you for taking the time to review your stay at Chablis Inn. We are so happy to hear you had a great room experience, and were satisfied with our location. We're also happy that our staff was able to assist in returning your forgotten items, and we have shared your feedback with them. We know you have many choices when you visit Wine Country and we are honored that you chose Chablis Inn. We hope to see you next time you are in town! Dawn P.
Thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We both slept well!! This was a first as we never sleep well when out. Pleasant, quiet, comfortable, and clean. Not a lot of frills but everything we needed. Has a pool and hot tub. Helpful staff. Surprised to find restaurants, stores, Starbucks more in close walking distance. Easy access to Route 29, and a bike path that leads into town. We were guests of our son, but he stays here often on business. He told us Chablis Inn offered the best quality for the money.
The Chablis Inn is a decent little place. Any hotel review in Napa requires you keep your perspective. Napa is one of those places where 300+ a night rooms are common. My room was about 100 (Motel 6, next door, was about 20 less). The room was small, clean, with a mini fridge and microwave. Everything worked. Beds average for comfort. Dog friendly at 25 per dog per night empty lot on side of hotel to walk them. One of the best dog parks in California, Alston Park, is a 5 minute car ride away. Starbucks just across the street. Hot tub not used but looked very clean. On the downside, you could hear creaking with every step of the person in the room above. Old non-flat panel tv with limited channels. Room heater a bit noisy. Convenient but busy location. Would stay here again.Booking note: While waiting to check in I overheard part of a conversation regarding some kind of problem with the room/reservation with another guest. The management was responding by telling the guest they couldn't do anything about the issue since they had booked thru a third party. The you didn't pay us, you paid them line. I see this more and more these days with hotels, airlines, etc. It seems to be a technique to encourage people to book directly with the business. I am not saying the Chablis Inn is a bad guy here I don't know the specifcs. I am just pointing out the general issue of how one books travel and how it affects you if there is a problem.I appreciate all of the positive information that you shared. We continue to upgrade our property and addressing the T.V's and programming offered is currently being reviewed.The guest issue was unfortunate. The guest had purchased a voucher as part of a promotion that was non-refundable. The guest did stay for the duration of the promotion and enjoyed the stay and all of her promotional package. Donna
I stayed here for one night with friends. Check-in was hassle free the staff tried to answer all questions. I made use of the lobby computer with free Internet it works fine. I took a quick dip in the small pool it was OK but was a bit small and the water had a some leaves and bugs (outdoor pool). Bathroom and bedsheets were clean nothing negative to report about the room itself.
Thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We both slept well!! This was a first as we never sleep well when out. Pleasant, quiet, comfortable, and clean. Not a lot of frills but everything we needed. Has a pool and hot tub. Helpful staff. Surprised to find restaurants, stores, Starbucks more in close walking distance. Easy access to Route 29, and a bike path that leads into town. We were guests of our son, but he stays here often on business. He told us Chablis Inn offered the best quality for the money.
Two level Hotel, we stayed in Room 101, right on the end and ground floor. Parking perfect , right to door to unload. Hwy. 29, just a skip away to all the wineries. Very nice Mexican Restaurant close by as well. Priced right and clean. We had a nice one night stay. Have been to Napa several times but the first time here. Will stay again.
Had friends visiting from Ohio who wanted to spend a few days in Napa Valley. Found the Chablis Inn for less than 100 a night mid week with a AAA discount. Small property that's well maintained, very clean, has nice amenities and a great staff. They even kept the pool open for us a little later than usual. I will probably stay here any time I'm in Napa.
Great little hideaway for a quick weekend staycation. The front desk staff is very efficient and pleasant. Extremely clean and the nice fruity scent greets you as you walk in. The jacuzzi spa tub is huge and is in a separate little room/alcove. There are clean white towels in the spa area as well as the bathroom. Room has a mini fridge and flat screen t.v. Very comfortable room and quiet location not far from the freeway. Will definitely be back
We were supposed to stay here on September 30, 2012, but we had to change our plans. I canceled the reservation on August 20th and got a confirmation email about the confirmation. I was well within the 72 hour cancellation time period so that I would not be charged as a no show. I found out a couple of days ago that they charged my card anyway. I forwarded the confirmation email to them and asked them why they charged me, the general manager wrote back that he did the research, and because the reservation was never cancelled on their end, it wasn't considered cancelled, and I was being charged as a no show. He did, however offer me a credit towards a one night stay if I come to Napa in the next two years, which I won't. Needless to say, I'm disputing the charge with my bank.
After reading all the reviews I had second thoughts about staying here. We made the res, for Friday February 14, it was presidents weekend also. I thought the price was too high for this hotel, but better then others on that weekend.My husband checked in, the girl at the front desk was very nice. Our room was on the first floor 106 or 107. Very clean, updated room. What I didn't like was the price for that time frame, no extra lock on the door or peep hole. No darken curtain on the wooden blinds. If they put they security latch on the door and a curtain or drapes I would have felt better. It's close to Starbucks, trader joes, fresh market, target, u could walk to Starbucks but they others u need a car. I also didn't like that it had a 72 hrs cancel . My guess would be from the reviews that not all rooms are updated, u may want to check your room , if you don't like it move to another room. I also think this may be in the valley .
This is a nice hotel right off the Highway 29 not sure what to expect. I got a room with a King size bed and jacuzzi, I was surprised about how large the jacuzzi was the room had modern feel with nice sheets comfy bed and clean. The front desk girl was extremely helpful will stay again.
We had an enjoyable stay here. Rather than staying at the pricier Marriott down the street, we opted for this hotel. The rooms were spacious, clean, free wi-fi, a hot tub and pool outside. We stayed here before taking our balloon ride.
This hotel has many good points, most notably its location. Unfortunately, it also has some aspects that didn't live-up to expectation. The parking was free, which in any downtown hotel is a good thing. Sadly, many of the cars are double-parked, which means leaving the key with reception. When we were ready to check-out, we had to wait for ten minutes for the receptionist to find the missing keys to a van that was blocking our exit. The 'free' breakfast wasn't much more than a small table containing coffee, tea bags, hot water and a few pastries (the table sitting in the hotel's lobby which had two chairs). The room was a little scruffy too. The decor was old, the fabrics were very faded and our entrance to the hotel seemed to be held together by the construction that was taking place. If you're looking for a cheap hotel in Downtown SF, this place is ok, just don't expect much.
Spent 3 nights in this hotel. The chek-in process was extremely slow. Took forever and seemed rather unprofessionel. Room was small and smelly, however the bathroom was really big and the shower had good water pressure. Traffic noise wasn't as bad as expected but if you are a light sleeper earplugs are recommended (and provided by the hotel). The room was clean but the fleece blanket on the bed was really dirty. No power outlets in the room, only in the bathroom. WiFi was fast and worked great.Location is great, close to public transportation and a supermarket.
They lost my reservation,that should have been a clue, I should have left right then and there. The room was the size of a postage stamp.The mattress was way too soft. Internet was slower than molasses. Breakfast consisted of few donuts,mini muffins, 2 beat up apples and instant coffee. The TV was whistling the whole time,I think it was a model from the '90. Never again will they see me there. Book a room across the street at the Lobard Motor Inn, you'll be happy there.
There are VERY noisy rooms on the front facing Lombard, and there are MUCH quieter rooms at the rear on a no through road with zero traffic. If noise bothers you, specify a quiet room at the rear and in from the side road (Franklin).There are MUCH larger , updated rooms, and some very cramped scruffy rooms. (We are talking can't swing a cat.) Specify a larger updated room when booking, it costs the same.The breakfast in the tiny lobby has instant coffee and a few muffins and pastries, keeps the wolf from the door. Real coffee is provided for your coffee maker in the room, pick up your own half and half and have it in the fridge if you don't like instant creamer. Close enough for a healthy walk to the great local touristy places. Near public transport. The fridge and microwave allow for your own choice of snacks and simple meals. We stayed a week. We were put in the horrid, cramped, noisy room first night and made a fuss til we were moved to a MUCH better, way quieter room. No excuse for this since we had booked it months in advance, and because of the reviews had ASKED in writing for a quiet room, off the road.Free parking. This place is excellent value, if you don't let them fill up their scruffy, tiny, noisy, old rooms with you.
We loved our stay here and even got upgraded for free. The beds were comfy and the rooms were spacious.The inn is in an amazing location a couple of blocks away from the crooked street and union street where there are lots of cute shops and restaurants.We had a very pleasant stay and wish we could've stayed longer!
On check in we were greeted by a very helpful receptionist called Alex, unfortunately the rooms did not match up to the service ( the rooms were very old and decor was very dated, wallpaper from the late 80s. Room had a very strange smell and curtains did not reach the bottom of the ledge so the light from the car park flood lights were beaming straight through the window!!! The pillows were dreadful and the bed was so uncomfortable, we felt unsafe in this motel as well, walls paper thin and doors slammin constantly , very noisy outside too- i know this is not the hotels fault but just adds to the awful stay we had. we paid around 85 per night for this hotel which may seem reasonable for location, however we stayed at the coventry motor inn just up the road and it was by far do much better than the Francisco bay inn.Overall good location and staff but dirty, noisy, dated , smelly motel rooms!!!! Better motels in the area for same price!!! Not recommended
The location was really good - walking distance (15 mins) to the marina/fishermans wharf, and a couple of blocks from the buses and trams which connect with the rest of the city. The area is not dodgy at all, even at night we felt really safe.Free car parking!Room was a little dated but great value for money and was cleaned every day. Bathroom was really big. Overall it was clean and absolutely fine for what we needed.We had a room at the back which is apparently quieter, so I would recommend to ask for this. We wouldn't hear any noise at night. They also supply ear plugs.Breakfast is basic, don't expect much, Basically croissants/donuts, orange juice and instant coffee. Staff were really friendly and helpful.I would recommend staying here.
The Francisco Bay Inn was a pleasant surprise. Good value, clean room with a massive bathroom but the best thing about it was the service. The couple who ran the hotel were so helpful and gave us lots of useful advice. It was possible to walk to Fisherman's Wharf and the area felt very safe even when walking back late at night. By catching a bus on nearby Chestnut you can go practically anywhere in the City. Impressive!
We stayed two nights at the Francisco recently and everything turned out very well. The location is supurb -- walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf, Lombard St. hill and the colorful Russian Hill neighborhood. Parking was tight but available, which was such a prize in this city with so few available spaces. And the staff was very nice, efficient and helpful. We had a late flight in so arrived after midnight, but because I called ahead and warned them of this situation they had our room ready and waiting. The rooms were spacious and clean, and looked recently renovated. I'd recommend this hotel anytime, especially for the price.
The room was clean, but very poky. Good location to Fisherman's Wharf and easy access to public transport. Not a lot of facilities.
We had spent 6 weeks travelling around America. This hotel was by far the worst and did not live up to the reviews. (So much so, that we suspected the owner's relatives had posted the positive reviews). The location wasn't as close to fisherman's wharf as was stated. True, it was in Lombard street but it was a 20 min walk to the wharf, and walking back uphill Forget it! It is only for the extremely fit.We bussed it there and back and that was ok but for my mind a little inconvenient. We had a room on the top floor, unfortunately their 2 person elevator stopped at the floor below so we had to lug 5 bags up and down flights of stairs- no fun. The room itself was horrendous. Decor was the fifties with chipped pieces out of the furniture, no room to store our luggage (except for an open alcove that wouldn't take our cases, a filthy bathroom that still had previous tenant's soaps and mess on top of the shower rail. Bathroom sinks were filthy. We were also attracted by the free contintental breakfast. What breakfast The lobby office was 10 feet by 10 feet with a small table with coffee and packets of danishes. You couldn't eat in there and in fact had to stand in line (Half outside the door) to grab a quick danish. Our overall impression Yuk! Spend the bucks and go closer to the wharf.
Booked a night here through hotels.com Cost 167. Saved between 30 and 40 off the hotel website.The hotel is very small, the room was stuck in the 80s, the elevator was covered in graffiti and it was faster to take the stairs.It was noisy in the room. We could hear people in the other rooms and the wi-fi kicked uis out everytime we turned off our ipads. It would not allow our phones to log in.I was not comfortable letting my children leave the room at all without a parent even into the outdoor hallway which is accessible to anybody, including non hotel guests.The parking lot is so small all cars were doubled parked. The front desk does keep the keys of people double parked to let you out though.This was the worst breakfast of our 2 week trip. Cold donuts and muffins with tea or coffee (no milk or cream, just dried cream substitute).I would recommend some place that cost 50 more that has a better breakfast, more secure rooms and better parking.The only positive thing from this stay was the two people working the front desk were both very polite and helpful at finding things in San Francisco.
The room decor is dated and somewhat shabby, but this can be overlooked given the room cost and location. The Inn is within walking distance to shops and restaurants on Union Street and Fort Mason. You can get to Union Square, the Mission, Hayes Valley or North Beach in 15 minutes via Muni bus routes just a couple of blocks from the hotel. We used routes 47, 49, and 30. It was only a 15 minute walk from the northern end of the Powell-Mason cable car line. This is a good base for exploring Pacific Heights, the Marina, and Russian Hill. The room linens are clean, parking is free, and there are newish refrigerators and microwaves in the room. If you don't plan on spending much time in your room and prefer to spend money on dining and entertainment, this is a good option. If you're in town on a Friday, walk up to Fort Mason for great food at the Off the Grid food truck street fair.
We stayed for 3 nights in a double queen as a family of 4. Probably the smallest double room weve stayed in so we had to be organised as we had 2 ski bags and 3 suitcases meaning space was limited. The bathroom however, was quite roomy! Parking in the main area was competitive at night but you could also park undercover in the laneway. The kids found a homeless guy with a bike in the stairwell on the first morning, however, we just used the other stairs or the lift. Internet consistently dropped out. Staff were lovely. Ear plugs were provided but we didnt need them as our room overlooked the laneway behind. Hotel was in a great location, within walking distance to the crooked part of Lombard St, Chinatown and Fishermans Wharf. Great for short stays.
The check-in starts at 3pm, we got there after 7pm and there was nobody in the reception. About ten minutes later a lady showed up, checked us in and only then told us that the housekeeper had forgotten to clean our room, and she was the one doing it! And she needed half an hour to finish up!! Maybe that happened because it was Thanksgiving weekend...We were coming from a long drive that followed a long flight, but since we were also hungry we did not complain. Getting to the room there were no sheets on the beds (only on the mattresses) and no blankets. Since we started off on the wrong foot, it was hard not to notice the small details:The outlets were loose and you could not move the charger cord while charging somethig because it would fall off.We were sharing the room in four people and it got a little small with all the luggage we had.The bathroom was not the cleanest, and the way to control the temperature of the water is awful.The TV was big and looked pretty good but did not work. It was almost impossible not to accidentally hit it. I did not like the setup of the room, the position of the table and the mirror.The only pros are the free parking (unusual for the area) and the treats in the morning, like good donuts and croissants at the reception.
I made the mistake of booking at the last minute and this was one of the only hotels available around the fishermans wharf area at the time. It was way overpriced and the staff wasn't helpful in the least. The room was relatively clean but the condition of the hotel was pretty bad. The area is very noisy and there wasn't much around within a short walking distance so having our kids with us meant that we either had to drive everywhere and pay huge parking fees. This is the first review I've ever written but I felt like I needed to say something about a place that (at the time) charged me 250 a night and delivered a room way worse than a motel 6.
Stayed here for 1 night after having to change our travel plans. We were allocated room 101 which is literally next door to the reception. It got pretty loud with laughing and joking in the morning, plus 2 rude German women having a conversation and cigarette right outside the door which woke us up. Even after I went out this didn't bother them until I made my feelings known. The room was very clean, however a bit dated in terms of decor. Late afternoon/early evening we couldn't get a signal for the TV or WiFi but the weather was quite poor.There is a lack of plug sockets which was a bug bear for us, although as we were only staying for the night we got by.All in all its a good and clean place to rest your head if you aren't expecting the Hilton.
Stayed for 3 nights in a two bed double room with my wife and son. The room had a musty smell, and the beds were the smallest I've ever had in a USA hotel...it was clean though, if old, and the bathroom was very big for the size of the room. However, I ended up paying over 200 a night, which even in San Francisco is a crazy amount for what is essentially just an old motel.On the plus side, the staff were friendly, and it's located in a nice, safe feeling area, just round the corner from a great shopping and eating street on Union St in Cow Hollow, which I'd highly recommend.It is what it is....if you can get a good rate then great, if not I'd shop around.
I recently stayed at the Francisco Bay Inn during a conference in San Francisco, and based upon my last minute booking, was left with few viable lodging choices at a reasonable rate. This hotel is unclean, my room, and the room of my traveling colleague, had a funky unpleasant odor that required the AC to (partially) clear out. The bathroom had cracked floor tiles, peeling wallpaper, stains on the walls, and the decor is overall is extremely outdated.The glass door of the office/reception area has been smashed, and the outlet in my bathroom burned out and destroyed my relatively new Braun electric razor. The manager let me know they tested the electrical outlets, and since voltage was apparently normal, they wouldn't do anything about my razor.The location is convenient, and the woman who checked us into our rooms was nice. Otherwise, an overpriced, terrible place to stay. The Buena Vista a block down the street is a better choice for the same general rate.
we had never been to san francisco before and for our first trip, we were pleasantly surprised when we stayed here in sept. our room was pretty small but very clean, the staff was extremely helpful and the location was excellent. we definately want to go back and we would for sure stay at this great, affordable hotel!
After reading some of the negative views below, I had to check to see if it was the same hotel we stayed in.All the staff were very friendly and helpful. Our room was spotlessly clean and both it and the bathroom was a really good size. All the furnishings were pristine. Perhaps we were fortunate to have a room at the back so noise was not a problem. Tea and coffee facilities were supplied together with a coffee maker, microwave, fridge and TV. Free WIFI was also available.A continental breakfast was laid out in Reception but trays were provided for you to take it to your room if preferred.The location of the hotel was perfect for walking or taking public transport to all the high spots in San Francisco. With free parking there are no worries about driving into the very busy streets of San Francisco. What more could you want.
We only stayed one night and got a good rate for the area. Walking distance to the Crookedest Street and right on Lombard, its location is close to Fisherman's Wharf, Ghirardelli, etc walking distance if you like to walk, if not you can catch a bus and it'll take you there in less than 10 minutes. The staff was very nice and helpful specially Roberto. He answered all of our questions and gave us excellent customer service. Room was nothing special, but it did have a microwave, fridge, iron and small hair dryer and was very clean. This is just the place you need if you are interested in spending most of your time out in the city and are looking for a place to rest. There is city noise but come on, what else can you expect I didn't mind it at all. Def not a deal breaker. This is not a resort, just a place to sleep...so ignore the picky people trying to be - well, picky.
Clean small rooms that are adequate, however you are given ear plugs to block out the city street noises. By booking in advance we paid 3 times more than we would have. We paid over 300 dollars a night! Had to stay the 5 nights as it was prepaid and they wouldn't hear of changing or cancelling our reservation. You do the math! Never again for this hotel.
Stayed there while business traveling during Autumn. Everything is ok, rooms are clean, staff is friendly and flexible. There is also a shuttle to the airport. But this place is really overpriced according to its possibilities. I enjoyed views from the room so much
After reading a number of reviews about this place we decided to give it a try. The hotel itself is a motel. The staff that we experienced were all good and helpful. The Inn does sit at a busy intersection but with the A/C unit on in the room we heard very little through the night. We did face Lomard Street. The room was big with a fridge, microwave and coffee maker. These would come in handy as I would not consider the continental breakfast provided to be substantial by any means. However, it was something in the morning before leaving and finding some real food. The bathroom was big and clean though it could have used a couple of more towels. There was no problem having hot water for our showers in the morning. The linens were clean. The bed could have been more comfortable for our liking but we are all different and expect different things from our beds.Not being familiar with the lay of the land we took the info provided of others indicating it was only a 15 minute walk to the pier 39 and also used this in our decision to stay here. The location for being central is great. YOu are no more than 20 minutes to Fishermans Wharf and Pier 39. If you walk the other way you are about the same to Crissy Field and the Presidio. The World's Crookedest Street is about 4 uphill blocks away. Getting to here from the airport was uneventful and quite easy. The neighbourhood it is in is safe by our standards and we did not feel uncomfortable walking back from the pier alter in the evening. There are some wonderful restaurants and shops in the neighbourhood as well no more than a 10 minute walk in the direction of the Presidio on Chestnut.The free parking and internet were also added benefits considering the cost of parking in some areas and other hotels in San Francisco.With all this said it is not the greatest nor is it the worst. For the money we paid in San Francisco it did provide value for our dollar. As others have stated if you want upscale you will pay for it but this is not that place.
We were looking for a last minute day trip for the president's day weekend and because it was last minute our top three choices were booked, so we decided on this inn. We booked a suite and the rooms were clean, had fresh towels and coffee throughout the stay the microwave and small fridge were also nice.On our 3rd night someone walked right into our room at about 2 in the morning!! OMG scared the living heck out of us informed the management in the a.m. he didn't seem too concerned, actually he seemed annoyed.Yes it is within walking distance of all the best places, but the breakfast is laughable, and I swear there are working girls/men or druggies who frequent this hotel, there is just too much foot traffic on the balcony at odd times of the night,the management is just plain rude, once you have paid your money you are out of luck and they don't care. Do yourself a favor stay elsewhere and enjoy San Francisco it is a great city!!
The room was clean, the staff courteous, and a short walk to Fisherman's wharf. There is nothing special about the room, and it was all little out dated style wise, but it was clean. Our room was a little noisy on Monday morning, but quiet over the weekend, and we were facing the street. Be careful of the short walk up the hill to crooked street, it is quite a climb up.
Be careful when you book this hotel. They dont include the full sales tax until after u book and pay for it. Got charged an extra 27 on my credit card and when i called they said they cant do anything. Its like paying 113 for a room, for that kind of money i would of rented somewhere else much nicer.
Dog simple folks, dont waste valuable time and money hunting elsewhere, this is the spot. Very clean rooms, incredible friendly staff, walking distance or a short cab ride to everything. I have traveled worldwide and met many General Managers, but none have gone the extra mile more then Alex does to make sure your stay is perfect. Small market/deli across the street offers great food at reasonable prices. Walking distance to pubs and restaurants in Russian Hill.I will be back many times, such a great find in a wonderful City.
Very comfortable. The room was very big and the kitchen was well stocked. I enjoyed my stay and would definitely recommend this hotel. The breakfast was great and offered a big variety. Laundry room was close and convenient
I always stay at Hilton properties but I would not stay here again. If you like hot showers, go someplace else! Water was only lukewarm. I complained and nothing was done. Kitchen is poorly stocked. No slicing knives, only one pot and one pan.
We really enjoyed our stay and will most likely be back! Thank you I really want to know what your pillows are made from and would like to buy four of them as they were so comfortable ever! Can you tell me how
The Comfort Inn is conveniently located right on Route 1, perfect for any coastal trip. It was clean enough but definitely in need of renovations. The staff was friendly and the free breakfast was decent.Dear Nancy B., Thank you for taking the time to write an online survey, we value your input. We are glad you enjoyed our location and hope you come stay with us again soon! Sincerely, Cassandra George Assistant Manager Comfort Inn Humboldt Bay (707)444-2019
We stay here at least 4 times a year, medical appointments in San Francisco easy access to the 101 freeway make this a very comfortable place to stay. The staff are amazing and the rooms are very clean. Fair breakfast, but close to many eating establishments for choices for any meal. The beds and pillows are super comfortable! Nice pool... More
Front desk insisted on a government issued ID. I provided several and was told that they needed one with my address on them. So after giving him my CDL he offered me the commercial discount. I was distracted by the 3 security cameras over his head. On my way to the room there were several residents sunning themselves on the... More
Would not stay here again. We arrived at the hotel around 12 noon. We were told their were no rooms ready and to come back in a couple hours. We returned in a couple hours but room not ready yet. We waited 3 1/2 hours for a room. We then got the room directly across from the elevator. The door wouldn't open. Very noisy trying to sleep. Breakfast was not good. Coffee maker broken. Manager finally talked to us after waiting 3 1/2 hours and gave us a discount. We cancelled our stay and moved hotels. Best choice ever! Best part was shuttle driver Travis. Loved him!
It's a low-cost simple hotel but really convenient if you need to be out in the city.Rooms are pretty good, all clean and the staff is really friendly.Definitely not a 5 stars hotel but It worth the money spent.The only con is that it's a bit far from the city but not so much if you are driving.
We stayed in this hotel in January and mustsay it was a lovely hotel. The room was spacious and had ll the amenities you need for a break away. It also had a balcony ( but if you stay, as a higher floor,so you can see he harbour)The breakfast was good and went up to 10:00am every day,which makes it great for people on holiday.Also the jacuzzi as welcomed in the evening to relax after long walks along the harbour.They had coffee and Tea in the lobby and two large bowls of juicy red apples.Only one minor problem ,the pool was cold, so couldn't have a swim but we did sit outside to catch the sun.Thank you for being so detailed about your stay with us. We are glad your experience with Best Western Yacht Harbor Hotel was enjoyable and hope to see you again in the near future.
Breakfast is great. The staff always had a smile. Close to downtown/airport. We really enjoyed our stay. The airport shuttle driver was 3 minutes late when we were leaving... other than that, it was a seamlessly great experience.
The location, right on the harbor, is excellent. The price was considerably lower than other hotels in the area. Our room had a balcony that overlooked the harbor, was clean and comfortable. The staff was very friendly and the breakfast excellent.Good morning,We appreciate all your kind comments in regards to our staff, our location and our facilities. I will make sure the entire team hears about your comments and we will keep striving to achieve the same level of excellence with all the guest that visit our property.Looking forward to your next visit.Regards,Jorge A. Mendoza Jr.General ManagerBest Western Yacht Harbor Hotel
Nice view that is it the staff was not friendly at all, when we came in the staff acted like what the hell do you want, all they cared about was did we have a reservation well sorry to say we did, would have rather stayed at a no tell motel, the room was dirty and needs updates the cost for a place to sleep was awful for such a dump the view was the only good thing about this hotel,so save your money sleep in your car. Will never stay in a Best Western Again.I would like to apologize for the inconvenience.Your satisfaction is important to us and we will be using the feedback you gave us to implement improvements to ensure we offer a better experience for guests in the future. I hope that you will consider staying with us again so that we can have another chance to provide you with a superior experience.
I had come to San Diego for a conference, and I was looking for arelatively affordable hotel (I was on a relatively tight budget),which was close to both the San Diego International Airport, aswell as the venue of the conference (The Sheraton SanDiego Hotel and Marina, San Diego, 1380 Harbor Island Drive, CA92101.) I found the Best Western Yacht Hotel to be close to boththese (they are actually located within a stone's throw of eachother, the airport, and the conference venue). This also markedthe first time when I have walked from an airport to my hotel,and back. The weather was great, which made the walking quitepleasant. All lie along the North Harbor Drive. The room waswell-stocked in terms of the amenities, and the room service wasgood. Fresh apples were available in the lobby. Room amenitiesincluded an iron, an ironing board, a hairdryer, a TV set, anintercom/phone, a refrigerator, a kettle, and a coffee-maker. Theview out of the room was also nice: it overlooked the NorthHarbor Drive. I enjoyed my stay there! I was there from 05-09Nov, 2013.
The hotel is 2miles from the airport, and as as stop over hotel it is excellent. There are 6 floors and we were give a harbour view room. The room was very clean, spacious with a small balcony that you could sit out on and watch the activity in the harbour. When we arrived the staff were friendly and helpful, and there were free freshly cooked cookies and coffee in the foyer . There were 2 restaurants virtually opposite the hotel, however, they were pricey, probably due to their location. There were several cheap and cheerful restaurants that were within a very short distance at the back of the hotel, which we walked to. The only downside is it was quite noisy from the road. On our last night there were road repairs going on all night, which were particularly noisy as they were using a pneumatic drill. Overall This is a good hotel to stay at for your stay in San Diego.
Nice Best Western with friendly, helpful staff. Corner room was clean and temperature was easily controlled. Breakfasts were good, but sometimes a little hectic with limited seating. When that happened, we were just forced to sit out by the pool and enjoy the beautiful Southern California weather!!Thank you for your wonderful comments about your stay with Best Western Yacht Harbor Hotel. I'm glad you had a great experience during your visit to San Diego. We hope to see you again soon.
Family group from NZ, one night stay pre-cruise. Excellent value for money, huge rooms, clean, free transport to cruise terminal (need to pre book this), free cookies, coffee etc at reception, free wifi. Complimentary breakfast but this was a shambles the day we stayed, tiny room with not enough food for everyone but only a minor annoyance. Restaurants across the road. Would definitely stay again if cruising from San Diego.
Good location for the harbour and a simple 5 mile drive to the Gaslamp area. Nice clean room and bathroom. Nice balcony to sit in the evening. The breakfast area was basic and impersonal yet practical. Similar to a workplace canteen. The outdoor swimming pool was very small.
Ho soggiornato qui con la mia famiglia (3 figli) per tre notti e mi sono trovato molto bene. La camera sufficientemente spaziosa e curata, la piscina esterna riscaldata con vasca idromassaggio molto valida per i bambini ( aperta fino alle 22), il personale professionale (non particolarmente simpatico). C' un parcheggio gratuito proprio sotto l'hotel che facilita carico-scarico bagagli. La posizione buona anche se bisogna comunque usare l'auto per andare in citt. Unica nota un po' stonata, la colazione non abbondante e un po' scarsa e lo spazio limitato dedicatole. Per il resto un hotel consigliato.
Within 10 minutes of collecting a rental car at San Diego International Airport we had arrived at this hotel. Friendly and efficient staff. Room not huge but well equipped with fridge, microwave and coffee machine and the beds were especially comfortable. Very good complimentary breakfast.
Christmas with Family. Best Western Yacht Hotel was in a convenient location to visit family. We keep making the mistake of booking hotels that offer free breakfast, which we immediately regret when we sample breakfast. Brown-crusted scrambled eggs cold and greasy tater tots. Breakfast sausages are fine the first morning, but when they are served a second morning, they taste like rubber. Paper thin walls and noisy neighbors does not a good night's sleep make! Everything else was fine. Clean hotel, nice staff.I would like to apologize for the inconvenience.Your satisfaction is important to us and we will be using the feedback you gave us to implement improvements to ensure we offer a better experience for guests in the future. I hope that you will consider staying with us again so that we can have another chance to provide you with a superior experience.
Room was spacious, has a small balcony to sit on and enjoy the view of the harbor across the street. Free parking and breakfast. Coffee and fruit in lobby all day. You can walk across the street to Seafood, Pizza and Jimmy's Bar. Has a small pool. A standard hotel but it met our needs.
reasonable rate for a harbor view room, free internet, free parking, free breakfast, no resort or some kind of hotel extra fee or charges. with refrigerator microwave in every room, friendly staff very homey! we prefer this hotel whenever we want to go to San Diego.
Hotel is in a excellent location, has pretty decent views. Breakfast is actually great to be there free breakfast that hotels offer. They seem to be in the middle of construction right now though, so beware there may be noises and smells you didn't ask for. Other than that, great value, nice customer service and central location to the harbor, airport and other great San Diego sites.
This is a solid hotel choice for a short stay in San Diego. The hotel shuttle was convenient and quick, the room was clean and comfortable with great views of the harbor, and the pool was warm and clean. The breakfast was above average with plenty of healthy and tasty options. There are also some great seafood restaurant options within walking distance. Thank you for choosing Best Western Yacht Harbor Hotel. I am glad your stay with us was enjoyable. We hope to see you on your next visit to San Diego
Hotel was ok. Location is great - near everything. Our room was tiny, and you heard all the street noise. Breakfast was typical hotel fare, but kept clean stocked. Plenty of parking. When we came back in the afternoon, our room had not been straightened (first time this has happened to me), but housekeeping took care of it. I would stay here again, but the hotel is only good for a place to stay, so you can go see all the sites, or take care of business.
This hotel is ideal for staying in San Diego. Free on site parking and plenty of it. Right by the harbour and there are a few places to eat there too - we ate in Pizza Nova which was lovely! Breakfast available with a typical selection of cereals, pastries and yoghurts. The pancake machine is handy but there can be a bit of a wait, depends how hungry the person before you is!! Room clean and spacious.
Excellent hotel property located in a great location near the water and harbor. Our room was on the 4th floor facing the marina and harbor. Clean and updated. Even though it is located close to the airport the large commercial jets are taking off and landing in a different direction. We experienced very little airport noise. The hotel is within a 15 minute drive to most sight seeing venues. Ample free hotel parking. Be sure to allow all day to see the Midway and make sure to make a trip to Point Loma as well as Ocean, Pacific, and LaJolla beaches.Thank you for sharing your experience with Best Western Yacht Harbor Hotel. I am glad you enjoyed your stay with us and we hope to see you again soon
Very well located, near San Diego et La Jolla. There are great restaurants nearby!!! The pool is a good size and very clean! The breakfast is correct and the choice of food and beverages is ok. Good service and friendly staff!!!
We were delighted with the quality of the room,services and staff provided by the hotel during our recent stay.On arrival,we drove straight into the covered parking area and gained access directly into the hotel thro the rear door which leads directly from the lobby.In addition,parking was FREE in comparison to other hotels where charges are made.The room was very pleasant,bright and airy with wonderful views of the harbour.The FREE breakfast was very adequate and also free hot drinks were avialable in the lobby.All in all,I would highly recommend this hotel for good quqlity and exceptional value.
I don't want to spend too much time reviewing this hotel. It's simply not worth it. Therefor I will only point out the things I disliked.Unprofessionel people at the reception.Room was not cleaned well. There was still stuff of earlier people in the room.Housekeeping forgot pillowcovers and towels multiple times.Pool was closed for a complete day due to some safety tiles that needed to be added to the pool side. In my opinion, this could have been done in less time.Loud radio was played in the pool area. When I addressed this, I was not taken seriously. The sliding door to the balcony has no insulation, resulting in that all outside sounds and noise would come in the room.Internet was almost non existent. Upload and download speeds were less than 0,5 Mbs.Please consider another hotel for a few dollars more. The location is good, thats it.I will never return to this hotel.I would like to apologize for the inconvenience.Your satisfaction is important to us and we will be using the feedback you gave us to implement improvements to ensure we offer a better experience for guests in the future. I hope that you will consider staying with us again so that we can have another chance to provide you with a superior experience.
We made our reservations months ahead when we planned out our trip to Sea World. Pictures on the internet and real time were different. Rooms were very small with need of some upgrading. Beds were comfortable but there was some outdoor (construction) and road noise. A very short walk to several Excellent Restaurants and bay was really nice to walk around and enjoy all the boats.Nice plus is that you are about 15 minutes from Sea World with No freeway driving.Perhaps when the remodel project is done we will visit again.
The Best Western Yacht Harbor Inn provided reasonable value. The rooms were large and clean. The bathrooms were also quite large. Hotel staff was friendly and helpful. Good views of the Point Loma Yacht Harbor if you reserved a harbor view. We rented our room through our airline website. We were required to pay in advance. Free continental breakfast and toast/waffles that you can make for yourself.There are a few restaurants within walking distance or if you wish to walk a little longer (about 20 minutes) there are many restaurants in the Pt. Loma marina area. The rooms have WiFi although in the two rooms we've rented, the signal is a bit weak. TVs recently upgraded to modern LCD screens. Microwave oven, hair dyer, iron, refrigerators are in the rooms.I'd stay there again but it is by no means a fancy place to stay.Oh yes, there is some road noise as it is located on Harbor Drive. You'll also hear the flag up/down ceremonies at the Naval Base across the street but the morning one is at 8:15 AM so not too early.
We had an amazing road trip, after getting married in Las Vegas, ending in San Francisco. This hotel however was the biggest disappointment of our trip. We had booked the Hilton, but then found this at half the cost decided to book it so we could spend our money on other things. We wished we'd stuck with the Hilton. I'm not normally one for writing a bad review (in fact it's my 1st I feel like I'm being mean!) it wasn't really that bad, it just wasn't the best one on our trip. We'd booked a cheaper one in Morro Bay, (we wanted to experience a Motel) which knocked the socks of this hotel for both room service!Before we arrived we had emailed the hotel to let them know we had just got married, to ask if they had any upgrades. They kindly offered us 2 options: a free upgrade to a garden view or a paid one into a front facing harbour view. We said yes to the paid one, as it was our honeymoon after all. When we arrived at the hotel, the guy on reception had no details about it at all. When we asked about it he said we would have to speak to the manager in the morning and see if there were any free the next day. We were disappointed to say the least, especially as we had the email with the confirmation. We didn't bother speaking to the manager the next day, we were only there for 2 nights didn't want to spend the time moaning:) So we just took the room they had. It was ok. We found out it was the garden view (overlooking 3 palm trees:)). It was clean did the job. Breakfast was not great. Greasy food most of it looked unhygienic. So I didn't bother. My husband ate the bagels. Before we went out for the day I asked reception about a group of seals we had heard about by the harbour where we were likely to find them. He basically laughed at me and said 'you'll just hear them, they are everywhere'. Thought it was a bit rude. As it turns out we saw hundreds all the way up highway 1, quite an experience for us coming from the UK. If you just want a cheaper option for a pit stop, it will do the job. It was clean after all. If you want somewhere nicer, book the Hilton.
Staff was very friendly and went beyond their job duties to accommodate us. The breakfast was good and it changed every day. It would be nice if they had more of a selection but overall was good. Room facing the harbor are very big and have a wonderful view. This is the perfect place to see the fireworks on 4th of July. We were able to see 3 firework shows at the same time from our balcony.
Got the room I reserved this time around. No issues. Parking is good compared to neighboring hotel. Quick checkout but not sure I got receipt in my email yet from a week ago. Easy access to the Marina. The hallway had a better view than the room. Seems a bit overpriced but that was likely because of a special event in the neighborhood.Thank you for your feedback. By telling us what you liked about your stay and how we can improve, you are helping us deliver a superior experience for you and other guests in the future. We hope you will come back and see us again soon.
We got a great deal on this hotel through Expedia. What drew me in was the location, proximity to airport as well as the free parking, which is a money saver. We were a little disappointed in the neighborhood there were not a lot of food options nearby, but when it was time for us to head to the airport we were 5 minutes away. The parking was free, which is great, but there is no elevator from either level of the parking. We had very large suitcases and it was just myself and my small children so it was a bit of a struggle. The lobby is small, but clean. The staff were friendly and professional. The pool is located in front of the hotel, on the main road and is quite small. There was a laundry room on our floor, but did not use it. Our room was fine, clean and neat. The hotel itself is a little old and it is showing its age, but not necessarily in a bad way. Negatives are the beds were extremely hard and uncomfortable, at least for us. Also, we were placed on the second floor, but it seemed to be more the first floor. The parking was directly outside our room and cars were parked immediately in front of our patio, so close we could have reached out and touched them. I wasn't a fan of this as people came back to the hotel at 3 am, parked immediately in front of our room and were having trouble locking their car door so the car kept beeping it's horn. Also, starting at 6 am there are jet planes flying over. It wasn't bothersome to us, kids slept right through it. We would stay here again, just request a higher floor, maybe not facing the parking area.
Ottimo hotel situato in buona posizione a met strada tra le spiaggie e Downtown. Molto piacevole la vista sul porticciolo. Perfetto il parking incluso e la colazione molto ben fornita . Alla reception sono sempre disponibili caff, the e bevande calde. Se dovessimo tornare a San Diego soggiorneremo qui.Thank you for choosing Best Western Yacht Hotel. I'm glad your experience at the hotel was enjoyable. If you have any questions or concerns do not hesitate to call me directly at 619-224-3254. We hope to see you on your next trip to San Diego.
Landed late in San Diego and chose the hotel and what a nice place to stay. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Very quiet and continental breakfast had a good variety. Underground parking was easy and safe. Highly recommended if you need a place close to the airport.Thank you for staying with Best Western Yacht Harbor Hotel. We are glad you enjoyed your room and our location. Hope to see you again soon on your next trip to San Diego pleas contact the hotel directly for any future reservations at 619-224-3254
Have stayed here before as we keep a sailboat accros the street at a marina. We live in Denver. Arrived expecting a bay view room non-smoking (yes, this property still allows smoking!). The door key would not work and had to ask three times at the counter for help. When we did get in, room was a smoking room! Counter manager said I should have booked directly with the property and not through the BW website!. Ended up in a room with two double beds on another floor. The front desk staff is not friendly and the manager looks like he just got out of bed! Moving to the Holiday Inn next door on our next trip.Good afternoon,We cater to all guest and there's still guest that smoke, so we need to take care of them also. Sorry you feel staff was not friendly I will have a conversation with that crew and see exactly what transpired. We try our best to provide the best service possible to all guest that walk in to our property, sometimes we do it right some time we don't. But we always give 100 in resolving the issues we encounter daily.Regards,Jorge A. Mendoza Jr. General ManagerBest Western Yacht Harbor Hotel
I really had a great time at this hotel as it is within walking distance to Liberty Stations, Point Loma Seafoods, Ralph's Grocery Store, and Shelter Island. This hotel is very clean, private, and spacious.
Size of room and furnishings are above standard . Check-in was very quick and breakfast was all one would need. New pancake machine with excellent coffee machine. Many people used the pool and seemed to enjoy it. Loads of free parking. Excellent restaurants across the street. Five minutes from the airport.
We had a four night stay here , it was pleasant the harbour views are fantastic,staff friendly,good breakfast ,the only downside is constant humming of the vending machines when you sleep as they are loud,good location
Here's the short version of my 5 nights at this hotel. King bed was bottomed out on one side..the other side was fine so I just slept on the one good side. No hot water 2nd day for about 2 hours--right after I got back from the gym needed that shower so that put my drive to L.A. back 2 hours. (hair dryer didn't work). There was a leaky ceiling in the lobby dripping into a floor basket--and what ever caused that problem seemed to affect my room water service. When the hot water went down the toilet stopped flushing properly--that lasted 2 days before being fixed. The breakfast here was poor. Each morning there was a basket of black bananas there were the usual sweets (muffins and frosted sugary treats). There was some kind of weird egg that was folded to look like a mini omelette--stuffed with orange cheese. It was kind of rubbery and tasted weird. The potatoes were dry and kind of like tator tots. I just stayed with coffee and juice after the 1st day. There was a front desk person that kept referring to me as boss...no problem boss you got it boss, etc. I thought that was unprofessional and a demeaning term. You may use the term boss on a construction site or road crew, but not in a professional environment. When I checked out the lady at registration didn't even ask how my stay was..or wish me a good trip as I left..I felt she could care less. You have MANY options during your stay in San Diego. So consider your plans before booking here. By the way this hotel is located on a very busy street. Lots of traffic noise as Harbor Drive is a main road traveled coming out of the airport. This whole area is heavily impacted by traffic.
Every aspect of our stay was excellent! Very friendly, helpful staff -- our only regret was that we could t take advantage of the free breakfast because of our super early flight to the airport. Will definitely stay again when traveling via San Diego airport and will recommend to our friends. Our kids loved it too! Good afternoon,Im so happy to read all the great comments in regards to your experience at our hotel. We take great pride in providing the best service from all the staff members. Looking forward to your next visit.Regards,Jorge A. Mendoza Jr.
The hotel was located within walking distance of the piers and several good restaurants. The room we had overlooked the harbor and had a sit out balcony. The breakfast was good. The staff was friendly and helpful to us on several occasions. The hotel was not the newest in the area, but it was very nice. We enjoyed our 39th anniversary get away...Good morning,I'm very pleased that you enjoyed your stay at our property and that you choose us for such a special occasion. I will pass on your comments to our team members. We are looking forward to your next visit.Regards,Jorge A. Mendoza Jr.General Manager Best Western Yacht Harbor Hotel
We noticed online, this hotel had both a waterview and balcony roons, which is what we were looking to book. We arrived at the hotell and was disappointed to find our view from our 2nd floor room. Was nothinf more than the very tops of sailing mast, behind buildings, way off in the distance. And since the hotel is fronted by a busy 4 lane highway. The road noise on our small balcony, was so loud, you had to shout over the loud road noise, making it useless. Apon request, we move to 4th floor rm. The room's AC unit was so load, it should never been offer and was probably the reason it hadn't already been booked and leftout of service. Since there really isn't much of a view of the harbour, we gave up on a veiw rm and moved to a 3rd floor quite parking lot side room. But the rugs here had been shampoo and were soaken wet. So we moved again, to a different 3rd floor quite paking lot view room. I think we'd paid extra for the harbour view room to bega with, it's not worth it and we never were offer a refund for the different type room we stayed in. We visit San Diego ever year and won't stay here again.
My wife and I spent three nights at the Best Western Yacht Harbor Hotel last weekend. We arrived early at the airport but there was no problem catching a shuttle to the hotel. The hotel representative gave us great directions to reach the pick-up point. When we arrived at the hotel, we were able to check-in early always a great treat. All front desk staff were courteous, friendly and helpful throughout our stay. Also, housekeeping provided great service too.The hotel sits in an excellent location just opposite the harbor. We were able to walk over to watch the fishing charters going in and out as well as sailing regattas on the weekend. There are also several restaurants in that area. We particularly enjoyed Mitchs Seafood.Our room was spacious and spotless. It had a small microwave as well as an oversized mini-frig. There was a desk area and, of course, free wifi was included. Each room has a balcony which is perfect in the cool evenings. From the hotel its a quick walk to a nearby Ralphs grocery where we purchased a few snacks/beverages. The ice machines always had plenty of ice.Our room rate included a great hot breakfast buffet which varied daily. There were always scrambled eggs, toast, bagels, muffins, cereal, yogurt, fruit and a pancake machine. The hot items varied each morning: diced potatoes plus biscuits gravy then sausage plus tater tots then bacon plus tater tots. The staff members did a great job of keeping items replenished as well as wiping down tables. The breakfast area is a bit small but an overflow room was set-up next door until renovation of the area can be completed.Speaking of renovations, we were amazed each morning as to the progress being made on re-doing the first floor flooring. The new flooring looks terrific! Also the lobby area is lovely and there is coffee/tea available there 24 hrs. Theres a nice sitting area by the pool/hot tub as well as a couple of tables outside the pool area.We definitely enjoyed our stay and recommend this property to others. When were next in San Diego, this is the place we will stay. Thanks to everyone for making our visit so pleasant!Good afternoon,We appreciate your very extensive response and description of our property, our location, our services and the friendly staff that our part of our family her at the hotel. Also a great description of our breakfast, the restaurants near us and everything around us.Please send everyone you our way, we are looking forward to your next visit.Regards,Jorge A. Mendoza Jr.General ManagerBest Western Yacht Harbor Hotel
There can be a lot of traffic noise as it is close to the street, but it is bearable and there are rooms away from the traffic. The breakfast was very enjoyable overall a nice place to stay and for a great value.Thank you for your comments about your stay with Best Western Yacht Harbor Hotel. I'm glad you had a great experience during your visit to San Diego. We hope to see you again soon.
very well organized for airport pick up and transfers to cruise ship- very clean -very spacious rooms - friendly staff- great location-in walking distance to last minute shopping- good value for your money- would definitely go back any time and recommend this hotel to everyone!
You can tell that the hotel hasn't been updated in a while but it is still very comfortable. Beds were great. Breakfast is what you would expect--scrambled eggs, sausage, biscuits and gravy, fruit, yogurt, sweet rolls etc. We had a harbor view room which we enjoyed.Thank you for your wonderful comments about your stay with Best Western Yacht Harbor Hotel. I'm glad you had a great experience during your visit to San Diego. We hope to see you again soon.
Great hotel in a great location to walk to see sights. Close to many sight seeing spots. The cost to stay here was substantially less than other hotels in the area. There was some construction on the outside but not bad at all
We recently stayed at the Best Western Yacht Harbor Inn In San Diego. It is a great little hotel right down on the Harbor. The rooms could use a little updating . The bathrooms are starting to show their age. The staff was very nice. I asked to be moved to a harbor view room and they were very helpful in making that happen.The continental breakfast was really good. They had many wonderful choices of both hot and cold items.The yogurt parfaits and the pancake machine seemed to be very popular. Our room on the 5th floor had a spectacular view of the harbor. The hotel really does have a great location. It has a pool and hot tub. If you stay there take the time and go for a walk on the harbor. this property is located near the zoo and sea world. If you need to unload your luggage. Make sure and park out front and use the lobby doors. Otherwise you will be hauling your luggage up some stairs. The parking garage is located off the back of the lobby and you need to use the stairs.Thank you for sharing your experience with Best Western Yacht Harbor Hotel. I am glad you enjoyed your stay with us and we hope to see you again soon.
I really enjoy Best Western Hotels and feel they are the best chain around. I appreciate the cleanliness of the rooms, friendliness and hard work of the staff and the heartiness of the breakfast. I recommend Best Western to anyone. I'm also grateful for the government rates and tax exemption forms for federal travel. Best Western Yacht Harbor is close to the bay and great dining opportunities. I will definitely stay there again.
Excellent value. Located walking distance from harbor, food, coffee and bars. Nice little pool. Clean and friendly. The staff was very helpful. Breakfast was simple but good. Close to the airport. Found a gem, Adaberto's Mexican food just a few blocks away.
Close to airport but also close to a noisy road. Each day a car alarm went off at least once in parking area next door, plenty of traffic noise. I thought our patio door was cracked or broken letting in so much noise. I looked into changing hotels within hours of arriving. There is nothing extra about this hotel: soda machine outside in parking area. Room was very small. The two of us had a hard time with having a spot to keep suitcase. Not sure what a larger party would do with the space. Fridge and Microwave in room were nice. Breakfast room was small and always crowded but the food was good. My son loved the waffles. We have a beautiful view of the Holiday Inn next door. Not impressed.Dear Beachbum 2330,Thank you for your comments concerning your stay at the Best Western Yacht Harbor Hotel. I appreciate your taking the time to write and hope you will accept my apologies for any inconvenience you experienced from the street noise. ThisWe appreciate your patronage and hope you will stay with us at the Best Western Yacht Harbor Hotel the next time you are in San Diego. I can assure you we will do everything we can to make your stay a comfortable and happy one as we illustrate that what happened to you was an unfortunate exception to our normally high quality of service.Sincerely,Diane RambeauDirector of OperationsBest Western Yacht Harbor Hotel
We stayed two nights here on our way to Hawaii and we will likely stay here again. The rooms are clean and comfortable. Breakfast has lots of variety and good parking for your vehicle. We were able to leave our vehicle at this location. Price is good for what you get. Just ask for a room that is not close to the front as the traffic is fairly heavy and you can hear it. The shuttle doesn't run after 5:00 so that is unfortunate as you have a twelve dollar taxi fare to get back to the hotel form the airport.
We stayed at the Yacht Harbor hotel in San Diego, and also at the Best Western Bayside Inn. The Yacht Harbor Hotel is 10 times better than the Bayside. Parking is close and convenient, with no added fee, the rooms were cleaner, the hotel service was friendlier, helpful, considerate, and provided all kinds of information, on places to eat, directions, areas to visit, etc. The rate was pretty much the same, maybe a few dollars more, but when you include the daily parking fee, the Yacht Harbor is a better deal. The balconies were nice, to look out to the harbor, but the traffic noise was the downfall. The sliders need to be changed out, could here cars driving by constantly. Breakfast was very good, breakfast at Bayside, you had to walk a block to go in the restaurant, the menu and serving times were not in sync, like other Best Westerns. The bayside needs help. stay at the HARBOR, YOU'LL BE GLAD YOU DID.
I got the room, view and bed I requested for my family of three. We had a beautiful view of the harbor but I was a little bit bummed I couldn't see downtown due to a stairwell blocking that view. We were on the fifth floor though and had a view of the pool which was helpful when our 15 year old son went swimming and I was able to call down to him when I had a question for him. Our son came with us at the last minute so we had to add on a rollaway bed and that caused no problem at all. We left the hotel, shortly after checking in and when we returned, the bed was there. The room and rest of the hotel was clean and inviting. The staff were friendly and helpful. The room was hot when we first arrived but the air conditioner worked perfect and cooled it down in little time. Our son used the pool and swam alone (for the first time in his life) for the entire time he was there. The pool temp and condition was perfect and he said it was nice and he really liked it. Even though the hotel was sold out, we never felt like it was crowded and never heard our neighbors. We also found parking in the covered lot on both nights we arrived back late. The breakfast was just ok. It is a continental breakfast though so in that vein, it was normal. However, it was very clean in the room and pleasantly decorated and arranged. They had a separate dining area for overflow or if you didn't want to be in the room with the food prep and television. The staff were friendly and helpful. Overall, we had a wonderful stay here and I'd definitely return to the same location to stay overnight again. The highlight was walking out onto our balcony, on the last morning we were there (on a Sunday), to the view of the harbor with The Star Spangled Banner playing on speakers nearby, just loud enough for me to get misty-eyed. Beautiful moment.
All night street and airplane noise ruined my San Diego stay. Decent mattress but hard pillows-telephone and TV not working and toilet running nonstop! Nice pool and jacuzzi and free parking can't make up for no sleep. Cancelled 2nd night. Busy harbor area somewhat walk-able . Run the other way! Pay an extra 20 a night at some place decent.I would like to apologize for the inconvenience.Your satisfaction is important to us and we will be using the feedback you gave us to implement improvements to ensure we offer a better experience for guests in the future. I hope that you will consider staying with us again so that we can have another chance to provide you with a superior experience.
Decent hotel but nothing special. Street noise a bit loud so would recommend getting a room towards the back. Shuttle to/from airport and cruise port the best feature for staying at this hotel. Pleasant staff. No restaurant on premises but would recommend pizza restaurant across the street.
Free breakfast: basic cheese omelets, a pancake making machine (fun), yogurt,etc.Free parking: This includes an underground parking garage. Everyday we found a spot there so our car didn't heat up sitting in the sun.Clean: Clean room- looked clean, smelled clean, with one of those anti-bacterial tv remotes.Location: Easy to get to and travel from for daily activities
This was the second time we stayed at this hotel and once again it was worth it. Rooms are nice and clean and have a balcony-ours looked at the yacht club across the street. Free parking. Free breakfast with lots to choose from. Friendly staff. Street traffic can be a little noisy, but didn't lose any sleep. Close to so many things San Diego has to offer. Will be staying there again.Thank you so much for your response. I love return guests and am happy to hear that your second stay went just as well as your first. You mentioned our many free amenities while staying here including our parking, wifi, and breakfast and of course our beautiful clean rooms which we are so proud of. I hope you also got to experience our new carpet in the rooms as that is one of our latest improvements to the property and has made a great difference in the rooms. I hope you choose to return for a third stay and if there is anything else I can do, please feel free to contact me at Ankanovasicyachtharborhotel.com. Thanks again!
If you need shuttle service make sure you check and double check the shuttle times. I got to San Diego and no shuttle service. Breakfast was very limited. If you can put up with that, the hotel is in a good location in relation to the Airport and close to downtown. Easy to get around.
Yatch harbor be has a very nice location across from harbor. Located conviently close walking distance to restaurants grocer etc. Quiet rooms surprised me. Disappointed that pool was closed a couple of days but otherwise no complaints.
Enjoyed my stay at the Best Western. Previous reports of noise were negated as the road construction was done. Breakfast was pretty good - liked the facts that everyday they had something different. Room was clean and staff friendly. Enjoyed my stay here compared to my previous trip to San Diego at another hotel.
Enjoy the view of the boat harbor from your room - take a walk along the harbor and enjoy the great food available - close to many attractions - near the airport - this hotel has great staff who takes care of your needs - rooms are nicely done and everything actually works - sit out on your patio and watch the fishing boats come in and out or go out and enjoy the nightlife nearby - this is where we go for our staycations to relax - enjoy!Thank you for staying with Best Western Yacht Harbor Hotel. We are glad you enjoyed your room and our location. Hope to see you again soon on your next trip to San Diego pleas contact the hotel directly for any future reservations at 619-224-3254
Just stayed for 3 nights, the hotel is in a great location across the road from the harbor. There are plenty of places to eat near by and lovely walks around the harbor. The hotel is great and the breakfast is good, the rooms are large with a balcony and there is a swimming pool and free parking. The staff are friendly especially Celine who worked at bight on reception she was so friendly and genuinely interested in talking to you and gave us great information for what to do on our forward trip she was such a nice person. Highly recommend this hotel.
Das Best Western ist ein gnstiges, gutes Hotel wo man gut ein paar Tage bernachten kann. Die Angestellten sind alle super nett und hilfsbereit. Alles ist total unkompliziert und funktioniert so wie es soll. Man hat sogar jeden Morgen ein kostenloses Frhstck und den ganzen Tag durch gratis Kaffee. Es hat eine 24 Stunden Rezeption was uns auch sehr zu Gute kam. Vielen Dank fr Ihre Erfahrungen mit Best Western Yacht Harbour Hotel. Ich bin froh, dass Sie Ihren Aufenthalt bei uns und allen Annehmlichkeiten genossen haben. wir hoffen, Sie bald wieder zu sehen.
We had a really good experience in this hotel....full breakfast and the staff was very friendly and informative...gave us some great suggestions...quite a few restaurants within walking distance.....will stay there again....
The pictures on the web site are very deceiving from the actual property itself. The rooms are very small, lighting poor and free in room was HORRIBLE! The website said the onsite restaurant was coming in 2012 so we figured they would have a place to eat but did not, however, they did way there were plenty of places across the street in walking distance which turned out to be 3.
Desayuno incluido habitaciones amplias todo lo necesario , alberca con calefaccin y jacuzzi , frente a la Marina esta la hubicacion del hotel y serca al aeropuerto. Estacionamiento ya incluido en el precio solo me quede un da pero me gusto que las camas tienen cobijas blancas Quiero expresarle nuestro agradecimiento por completar la Encuesta de Huspedes, sobre su reciente estancia en nuestro hotel.En nombre de todo nuestro equipo, me gustara disculparme por no cumplir con sus expectativas. Su satisfaccin es importante para nosotros y utilizaremos sus comentarios y opiniones para implementar mejoras y asegurarnos de que en el futuro ofreceremos una mejor y ms agradable experiencia a todos nuestros huspedes.Espero que considere alojarse de nuevo con nosotros de forma que tengamos otra oportunidad para ofrecerle una experiencia superior y poder saludarlo. Si personalmente puedo serle de utilidad para cualquier asunto relacionado con el hotel, no dude en contactarme al 619-224-3254.Atentamente,Travis R. FordFront Office ManagerBEST WESTERN Yacht Harbor Hotel
Lobby was nice, and coffee was good. Had to carry luggage up and down stairs to get to luggage cart. There was no ramp for the luggage cart to get to car. Desk clerk was argumentative at check in. Refrigerator was in closet so very little room to hang clothes (about 8 inches). Shower curtain wouldn't stay closed. At breakfast, yogurt and hard boiled eggs were frozen. Didn't feel safe and switched to another hotel after one night. Desk clerk at check out was rude. Manager would not leave office to speak with me about concerns.
Thanks guys and gals for all the great service. Good secure parking was offered and the rooms quiet and with fab sea views for sunset viewing. The assistant was very helpful when getting us set for our bike ride. Thankyou. Our rooms were made up...MoreThank you so much for staying with us at the Pacific Terrace Hotel! We enjoyed reading your review, sounds like your family had such a great time. Most of all we are very pleased to see you will highly recommend our hotel, we appreciate it...More
We were in Brawley to go birding at the Salton Sea. This hotel was perfect for what we needed. The front desk staff were very helpful, friendly and efficient. The room was quite comfortable. The breakfast was fine and the location was very convenient. We'd certainly stay here again.
The high ceiling is quite nice and its walking distance to Disneyland gate makes it easy schedule your time around activities at the park. You can probably get back to get a siesta and dash back in to catch some night shows etc. The breakfast...More
Large, clean rooms and super quiet..Beds were comfortable and the pillows..and ac that actually works really well...I like it cold at night..I had no noise issues. We could see the fireworks from our room and loved it! See more of my travels at jolieannephoto on...More
We stayed here for 9 days. We arrived at 10am, a few hours before check-in time but was accommodated immediately after a room is already available. Although our room was facing the freeway, the noise was never an issue. The staff is always ready to...More
This hotel is in good walking distance to the parks about a 10 minute stroll. It's reasonably new so it is very clean and up to date. Breakfast is good and included all you can eat. The pancakes more than satisfied the kids. Staff are...MoreDear Nathan B, Thank you for your review. We are grateful for the feedback and glad that you liked our hotel specially our pillows. We provide a soft and firm options on all our beds and received many requests from guests asking where they can...More
We stayed there earlier this month during our trip to Disneyland. First off, we did not spend much time there accept to sleep. All in all, a good experience. The walk to Disney is about 7-10 minutes...but after a long day of walking, it seemed...MoreDear HeartDoc76, Thank you for your stay and review of our hotel. While we are pleased to hear that you enjoyed your visit for the most part, we are saddened to hear that you had an unresolved issue regarding the TV. We sincerely apologize for...More
My wife and I spent a couple nights here early last week. The room was large and very clean. We arrived mid-morning, expecting to leave our luggage with the front desk until we could check in, but they already had a room ready to go,...MoreDear guest, Thank you for staying with us! We are delighted to hear you had an excellent stay here at the Holiday Inn Express Suites Anaheim Resort. We are happy we were able to accommodate an early check in! Our free breakfast does offer...More
Had an extremely great experience and stay here for our trip to Disneyland. Property is brand new and it shows, our room was pristine and spacious!! All areas of the hotel from the pool to the breakfast areas were very clean and well-maintained. Everyone from...MoreDear globetrottermin, Hello from Anaheim! We miss you already! Thank you for your visit and for choosing our hotel. We are pleased to hear that you had an excellent stay and a magical trip to the Happiest Place on Earth! We'll make sure to give...More
This is a great hotel. We stayed for six nights and it was so nice to be able to walk to Disneyland from the hotel. It's great that they have a full breakfast and the cafeteria area is really nice! Great cost saver! The hotel...MoreDear Tracy M, Thank you for being our guest here at the Holiday Inn Express Suites Anaheim Resort. We thank you for your feedback and are happy to hear you had a comfortable stay with us. Our hotel is fairly new and our location...More
We were on the quiet side away from the freeway. Room was nice, people next door were pretty noisy and could hear everything they were saying. They had small children which was understandable but took no measures to keep them quiet! Room itself was clean...MoreDear Cheryl K, Hello from Anaheim! Thank you for your stay and review of our hotel and services! We are very happy to hear that you enjoyed your visit! Pls. accept our apologies for the noise issue in your neighboring room. For future reference, please...More
Stayed recently as part of a family trip to Disneyland. We stayed for four days and everything was great. Hotel is relatively new and very clean. Staff are very friendly and helpful. We received a room upgrade for being IHG platinum - thank you! Room...More
So this will be interesting. I'm going to do a live review of this property. I'm a little hot right now, but I realize I am so I'm going to try and keep that in mind. Arrived last night and was greeted by very friendly...MoreHello Kabalguy, Thanks for choosing Holiday Inn Express And Suites Anaheim Resort Area and leaving your honest feedback. I am sorry to read that your stay was not exceptional because of some issues, particularly with the soundproofing of the room. The issues you have raised...More
My parents were invited to a wedding in the town of Orange and as Best Western members opted to stay at the Best Western Orange Plaza. On the plus side, the staff were very friendly and helpful and the rooms were clean. On the negative side the beds were not comfortable - pillows were like logs but the bigger issue... More
Have stayed at this hotel for several years. Always clean, staff is friendly and helpful, service and food are great! Very good location. Never had anything not perfect here and will continue to stay here.
The location was perfect for me as it was central to all my needs. The hotel itself, right along with all the other hotels in the area, is older. You will have to wait for the elevator that services 3 floors. You will feel like you are walking down the hallway in the Shining and at any moment two little... More
Just wanted to say how pleased I was with my one night stay at the Ramada Limited on February 15. After missing a red-eye flight out of SFO I needed a shower and a couple of hours sleep before getting back to the airport for a 6A departure. Since the hour was late, I had to take a cab to... More
Nice hotel if slightly expensive. Difficult to enter reception with heavy cases up steps, but there is actually a ramp available at the side. Nice clean and quiet room with a very comfortable bed. Good wifi and a very nice breakfast. All staff were very...MoreThank you for your recent stay with us and for your feedback, which is very important to us. We are pleased to see that your stay went well and that you found our breakfast very nice and our staff very helpful. We do hope to...More
I stayed at the Best Western Miramar off the 15 since it was close my daughter's house. The room was large with a king size bed and couch that made into a sleeper, clean and the service was good. The breakfast was the usual type that is provided from 6-9 am at hotels and fine for me. The rate was very good for the San Diego area since it not located outside of the main tourist area but the location adjacent to the 15 means that all the major tourist sites and beach is within 20-30 minutes. I highly recommend this hotel for someone traveling and stopping for the night or families on a budget. Dear moocoulter,Thank you for providing feedback regarding your stay at the Best Western San Diego/Miramar. We are thrilled to hear the service was good. We strive in providing our guests with excellent quality service and are touched you took notice. As you mentioned, we do offer complimentary breakfast and are delighted you were able to enjoy it during your stay. We hope to see you again, during your next trip to San Diego. Once more, thank you for reviewing the Best Western San Diego/Miramar.
First, some things that us question our choice: We arrived for a long stay around 10pm on a Friday and the lobby main door was locked... we had to use a bullet proof night window to check in (like a bank would have in a not so nice part of town). After feigning hearing issues with her behind glass, I asked to be let in the lobby and was let in and saw security camera monitors were pointed at every possible corner of the grounds. We got a room on the 3rd floor and the automatic door facing the hall to the rooms was broken. We had to walk all the way around the outside. We get to the elevator and its down for maintenance. I went back into the lobby and asked for a first floor room or second floor at least and she gave us one. When we got in the room though we were pleasantly surprised. The room looked updated for the most part with a nice granite counter outside the bathroom, counter height refrigerator and microwave. Horrible outdated tv though and ours had a loud screeching sound until it got warmed up. Bathroom was unbearably small. You had to step in and go behind the toilet to close the door. Outlets were lacking too. My husband and I both use our cell phones as alarms and want to plug in our phones next to the bed but there were not outlets anywhere near it. I had to unplug a lamp on the other side of the room. Beds and pillows were comfortable. Breakfast was blah but I wasn't expecting much from continental. Lo and behold, something else was broken! There are two Belgian waffle makers and one was out of order so we waited a very long time for our turn. Cereal, pastries, toast, coffee, etc. Every piece of fruit I got was a little past prime. Nothing to rave about.Overall, for the money, great deal and adequate for short hotel stay.
Had a room in the corner of the main building on the westernmost side -- be advised that the rooms on this end are subject to a lot of road noise, so if you're sensitive to that, request another room or bring ear plugs. I had ear plugs, just to be safe. Room is very nicely decorated, lots of extra space with a small two seater coach, extra chair, and office-style table with desk chair. There's a microwave and a small refrigerator. Wi Fi signal was good and strong.Bed was very comfortable, with lots of pillows.Breakfast was available a few minutes before the opening time of 6 AM, which I appreciated. Two waffle makers, eggs, sausage, and the usual breads (including sweet breads), juice, cereal and hot coffee.Check-in and check-out were quick and efficient. I'd stay there again, no problem.Dear InyogirlThank you for taking the time to place a review for the hotel. We greatly appreciate any feedback that you can offer. We do have some rooms that tend to be noisy on occasions based on the location of the hotel. If guest do prefer less noise they can request a room close to the lobby area. They tend me quieter. I pleased to hear that you enjoyed the amenities that the hotel provides such as microwave, refrigerator , extra pillows etc. Thank you for staying with us.
Lovely big room Best Western does what it says on the tin. Great breakfast lovely staff enjoyed stay. Only negative there are not many restaurants near the hotel so had to travel down the I5. Hotel is about 15 mins from centre.Dear Angela WThank you for taking the time to fill out a review on behalf of the hotel. We are really glad that you enjoyed your stay at the hotel. We advertise a clean room and friendly staff at this hotel and we work hard to deliver these promises to all of our guest. The restaurants are limited in the area but they are some restaurants that 10 minutes away. We also have Chin's and Ihop a short walk away from the hotel. We are glad you enjoyed your stay and hope to see you in the future.
Check in process, extremely smooth. Even got adjoin rooms with our travels friends. Not all light fixtures worked or even repaired, after being reported. The breakfast, has something for almost everyone to choose from. Great water pressure for showers.Dear Valued Guest,Thank you for taking the time in reviewing the Best Western Plus Miramar. We are very delighted to hear that you check in process was extremely smooth. We are also happy to hear that you were satisfied with our breakfast selections that we offer at our hotel. We do apologize for any inconvenience that may have been caused during your stay. Please know that these issues will be addressed to our staff immediately. Once again, thank you for taking the time in reviewing our hotel. We hope to see you during your next visit in San Diego. Thank you.
We were in town for a family reunion. The location worked for us and the property was clean and well priced for the summer season. We were very impressed with DIane at the front desk especially as she helped us when we had an air conditioning problem by switching rooms for us. The breakfast room staff were very efficient and friendly! Mr. Patel was friendly and helpful when we were checking out! We will stay here when we come into this part of San Diego in the future!Dear margaretj2016,Thank you for taking the time to review the Best Western San Diego/Miramar. We are thrilled to hear that you had a great stay and that our hotel suited your needs. We always aim to wow our guests and we are delighted to have accomplished said task. Also, thank you for highlighting our staff members who accommodated you during your stay. Once more, thank you for your glowing review on the Best Western San Diego/Miramar. We look forward to seeing you during your next trip to the area.
Had A Comfy bed with great wifi - was very clean- easy access to freeway and restaurants, nice amenities in the rooms -has a very friendly helpful staff! The elevator was a plus too, plenty of parking Dear Melissa L Thank you for taking the time to review the hotel. We greatly appreciate any guest feedback. I am glad to hear that you enjoyed a nice comfy bed while you stayed with us. Our WIFI is has been upgraded and it is lightning fast. One thing that I do enjoy about this property is that we are right of I-15 which makes it easy to give directions to guest. One thing that we do pride ourselves is on having great friendly staff. At this location we offer 2 elevators one down by the lobby area and the second in the back of hotel for access to our back rooms. Thank you for the review.
Nice average hotel that's about 20 minutes from downtown.Some friends and I stayed here during Comic Con and it was easy access onto the highways. The staff was friendly and helpful. When we called down for extra towels they were up within 10 minutes. If you don't mind a little drive to downtown San Diego, this is for you. The room could use a makeover but was fairly clean. There is a swimming pool and whirlpool on the premises. Decent selections for their complimentary breakfast. I would definitely stay here again if needed to.Dear DALANIERMICHIGAN,Thank you for taking the time review your stay at the Best Western San Diego/Miramar. Were happy to hear that our hotel suited your needs. As you mentioned, we are located near the freeway with easy access to the I-15, were delighted to hear that was convenient for you. Once more, thank you for reviewing the Best Western San Diego/Miramar. We hope to see you again in the near future.
NOt a cheap stay in sd but I'll chalk that up to summertime. Hotel or should I say motel needs a remodel. Elevator reeks of urine. Rooms loOked clean enough until I looked in the bath tub where some brown mystery substances resided. Bedding had blond hairs, mine are brown! Fridge very loud kept me up all night. Price paid was to much for quality!Dear Valued Guest, Thank you for investing some time in reviewing the Best Western Plus Miramar. We also thank you for expressing your concerns to us so that we can continue to strive to work hard in providing guests with quality guest service and well maintained rooms that are above brand standards. To hear all the inconvenience that was caused during your stay is disheartening to us. Please know that your concerns are being addressed with our staff so that we are able to improve our services to future guests. Thank you again for reviewing the Best Western Plus Miramar.
I didn't stay here. the place looks decent from the outside, but the inside....well, I never got that far. first, I entered the front desk area to have 2 men behind the desk. One just standing there, the other answering the phone...over and over the phone rang. he wasn't very plesant to the callers either. and after getting off the phone, he would mock and make fun of them. from the TV not working to the faucett leaking to the front door lock not working. his answer seemed to be maintenance isn't here, I can't do anything. really after about 10 mi9nutes, he got to me. I asked for any room, I'm not picky. he said sure we have one for ya...then I mentioned the corporate card I travel for business on and was told, he would see if he had a room.(card is for discounted rates like AAA) I then mentioned that I had a rewards number I wished to use and he handed me back the rewards card and said that the rewards points would not be awarded on discounted rates. (I have received rewards points on EVERY hotel I checked into with this same card including BW plus, Holiday inn, comfort/quality...every one! ) he then answered the phone again and interupted our conversation without even saying excuse me or anything...and after a few minutes of being ignored I left and told them i would find another hotel that was friendlier.I went a little farther toward the jobsite and got a room at another Best Western in Santee...where they are friendly and I really liked the empolyees and the location. (and I got the reward points like I have at all other hotels.)these guys were jerks, and I would rather sleep in my car than stay here. I will never stop here again.
Our company books rooms for our techs that travel all across the US. This hotel was paid through Expedia, however still charged the guests personal credit card. When we called the hotel to discuss this error we were met with a stubborn, rude attitude not willing to make the situation right. Shame on you Manager Manu and shame on you Best Western. Last time I checked this is stealing. So beware when staying here and keep a close on on your credit card charges.Dear Wachter R,Thank you for investing your time in reviewing our hotel. Please accept our sincerest apologies regarding the miscommunication you experienced during your stay. In cases when multiple reservations are made through various channels, responsibility lies within the guest. We hope that you would be so kind as to give us another chance and stay with us again, in the future. Once more, thank you for reviewing our hotel.
pre stay info was excellent. check-in was easy. nice clean rooms. best western picked up half the tab for the taxi to the va- la- jolla. I had spine surgery with dr. janni at the va . all went well . I would recommend them to any or all vets. oh, also the breakfast provided was diverse and excellentDear Guest, We are so delighted to hear that your recent stay with us at the Best Western Sam Diego Miramar was excellent! We pride ourselves in providing the highest level of service and serving our guests as they should be and we are pleased that you were able to take advantage of our continental deluxe hot breakfast as well. Thank you for allowing us to give back to you as a Veteran and we hope a swift recovery for you. We appreciate you taking the time to review your stay with us!
I had to drive down from northern CA for Sunday business. I left later on Saturday evening and I knew I would have a late check in so I called and let them know. When I arrived at 12:47 AM,Crystal(I think that was her name,I was tired) at the desk said my name as if she was expecting me I had called 5 hours earlier and spoke with someone else!She checked me right in and I was in my room on 2nd floor by 1:00 AM. This is my second time staying here. I like the location as it is close to the fwy's that I need to access that lead me to three different locations to where I needed to be. All areas of destinations were within 15 minutes of this Best Western, which to me is most important for what I do. I was just saying to my wife that I would stay here again with her and kids if we came in for fun. Mind you, it is not a beach resort location, but if you are in San Diego for multiple activities, I would recommend staying here. Parking has been good and I don't find myself constantly looking out the window to check on my vehicle. No squirrely people lurking throughout Hotel. I travel often on weekends, and it seems sometime Motels/Hotels can be party spots...not here, quiet on my last two visits.I come down to San Diego at least 3 times a year for business and will continue to stay at this Best Western in the future.FYI, They have coffee all night! Regards, Scott B.Dear Scott B,Thank you for taking the time in reviewing the Best Western San Diego/Miramar. We work hard in providing our guests with a memorable experience and are so pleased to have accomplished said task. As you mentioned, we are centrally located near several of San Diegos business destinations and are delighted you were able to enjoy them during your stay. We look forward to your next night with us and appreciate your feedback regarding the Best Western San Diego/Miramar.
I am not quite sure why this is a Best Western Plus. A Best Western Oke is a better description. But it was better than the one we had in LA. The hotel is located outside San Diego, near a Naval airbase (with sometimes some noise, but not too bad).It had a decent size pool, large rooms, and if you are lucky, even working WIFI.The lady at reception had a bit of a problem helping her guests, as she was on the phone to her sister or taking other phone calls instead of finishing checking us in. And although we booked months in advance, it was too much trouble to reserve to adjoining rooms but she 'managed' to get us rooms on the same floor.Not great, not Plus, but a good night sleepDear Harm-Jan W, Thank you for investing your time in reviewing our hotel. Please accept our sincerest apologies regarding the challenges you faced during your stay. We always aim to wow our guests and are so disappointed to have missed such an opportunity with you. Please know your concerns have been addressed with our staff so that improvements can be made. We hope that you would be so kind as to give us another chance and stay with us again, in the future. Once more, thank you for reviewing our hotel.
Front Desk staff was very welcoming and helpful. Room was clean and comfortable. Parking area was well lit and safe. Breakfast was everything I needed to start my day. Stayed at this hotel previously and returned for a second time. Consistent both stays. Easy access and on and off the freeway.Dear Bill M, Thank you for taking the time in reviewing the Best Western Plus San Diego/Miramar. We are thrilled to hear we are a clean comfortable hotel. We work hard in providing our guests with a well-maintained property and are touched you took notice. As you mentioned, we do offer complimentary breakfast and are delighted you were able to enjoy it during your stay. We look forward to your next night with us and appreciate your feedback regarding the Best Western Plus San Diego/Miramar.
Happened to pick Comic Con weekend to go to San Diego. :/ First time stay at this Best Western. Staff was absolutely great. Room was clean, had everything we needed. Comfortable bed breakfast was good. Front desk staff friendly Helpful. Breakfast staff was friendly kept restocking to ensure everyone got a choice of their items. Best western never disappoints me!!! Dear DMFMSThank you for taking the time to review the hotel. We appreciate your feedback. Oh you came during comic con. It must have been a busy week. I am pleased to hear that you enjoy our staff and the service that they provided during that week. Comic con comes every year and do our best to staff accordingly so that all of our guest get the best service from the hotel. I will let our breakfast staff know that you enjoyed their service. Hope to see you again, hopefully not during Comic Con. Thanks for staying with us.
Stay at property on regular basis for business. Always clean, quite great wifi and breakfast. staff is really fantastic. Great location and fair value. Close to 15 and 805 freeways. Have been a regular customer for 5 years now. New Breakfast room is great.Dear Richard C, Thank you for taking the time in reviewing the Best Western Plus San Diego/Miramar. We are delighted to hear our hotel is always nice and friendly staff and accommodations. We work hard in providing our guests with memorable experience and are thrilled to have accomplished said task. As you mentioned, we do offer a complimentary breakfast and are so pleased you are able to enjoy it during your stays. We look forward to your next night with us and appreciate your feedback regarding the Best Western Plus San Diego/Miramar.
Booked one night on priceline since my usual hotels were full and didn't feel like using Hilton points. Will never make that mistake again. Pulled into hotel lot on a Saturday night about 10:00 p.m. Lot was COMPLETELY full even at that fairly early hour, lot spaces are very inadequate to the number of rooms. Finally managed to find a place after circling four times. Just as I was only pulling my bags out, three cars in the lot, all vehicles carrying gangbanger types drove by (looking to park at the hotel, not leaving), looking at me and scoping out my car. Similar type patrons in the lobby and around the exterior corridors of the hotel. I am not shy about travel, I have walked and worked in rough downtown areas, but I do expect to feel at least a modicum of safety for my person and belongings/vehicle. As I was walking to the lobby, two police cruisers came into the lot, one to circle, the other to park for awhile. At that point, I had it -- I informed the management that I would rather waste my priceline bid and go stay somewhere else, which I did. I am very disappointed that a Best Western would allow this activity on its property. The police did not seem to act like this was an isolated incident, but rather one of their regular patrols. I do not leave a negative review unless I feel it really warrants it, and this one wins first prize for me. I will never book this property again, let alone stay here. It is unsafe-feeling, and I would never take a family here.On behalf of myself and the entire staff here at the Best Western Inn Miramar, we are saddened to hear that a guest was displeased with his recent experience at the hotel. We pride ourselves on excellent guest service, beautiful and comfortable accommodations, and a safe and pleasant experience. The location of this hotel is in close proximity to the Marine Corps Air Station Miramar and is a very safe location. One of our most respected accounts is one that is with a Marine Division on this base. During the evening this guest checked in with us we had a large group of this Marine Division staying with us. We feel privileged to have the Marine Division stay at the Best Western Inn Miramar. They are the very men and women who protect our country and we are honored to have them at the hotel. They are often times not in military uniform during their stay at the hotel but are by no means gangbangers. They are polite, quiet, and very respectable guests. We have a very close relationship with their command and have never had any problems with them in the many years they have used us as their preferred hotel. To ensure the safety of all of our guests we have area officers occasionally do courtesy visits to the hotel as they do other hotels in the surrounding area. The Best Western Inn Miramar is in a very safe area and is located in a county with a dedicated and very courteous police force. There was no activity going on at the hotel and we thank the police for being kind enough to check up on us once in awhile, stop in for a cup of coffee and say hello. We appreciate their service.We are sorry that the guests experienced anything but absolute satisfaction during his visit as it is our goal to provide nothing but the best for each and every one of our guests whether they are business men, military soldiers, sports teams, or family vacationers. Each and every guest is important to us!Manu PatelGeneral Manager
It's a nice little motel. Close to the places I need to visit when I am there with good proximity to grocery stores, etc. Also good freeway access. Clean rooms, nice staff, reasonble prices for San Diego.Dear Charles S, Thank you for providing feedback regarding your stay at the Best Western Plus San Diego/Miramar. We are delighted to hear we have nice staff at our hotel. We strive in providing our guests with excellent quality service and are touched that you took notice. As you mentioned, we are centrally located near several of San Diegos famous attractions and are so pleased you were able to enjoy them during your stay. We hope to see you again, during your next trip to the area. Once more, thank you for reviewing the Best Western Plus San Diego/Miramar.
Our stay in this hotel was extended considerably by car trouble and the staff went out of their way to insure that our stay was pleasant. The entire staff, from the General Manager to our housekeeper, gave us 5 Star serviceDear TexasCajun46Thank you for taking the time to place a review for the hotel. We appreciate you feedback. Ah, I am sad to hear that you had car troubles while you were at our hotel, but I am glad to hear that we were able to accommodate you while you dealing with your car issues. I will let all of our staff know about your good comments. Hope that you do not have anymore car issues. Thanks for staying with us.
This is a great place to stay. It's centrally located, is neat and clean and inexpensive. I loved being close to eating places and shopping, and not having to deal with much traffic. I would recommend this hotel because of the bargain price and more than adequate rooms.Dear Melissa, Thank you for taking the time to write a review about your stay with us at the Best Western Plus San Diego Miramar. I am so pleased that our hotel has been so accommodating to your needs. We love to hear what our guests have to say about our property. We hope to have you continue staying with us!
Stayed here for one night before leaving town. The room was OK. Although we had a minor plumbing issue and we were just handed the tools to fix it ourselves. Otherwise, the night was quiet and the room was fairly well kept. Just an OK stay.Dear Valued Guest,Thank you for taking the time in reviewing the Best Western Plus Miramar San Diego. We appreciate you bringing up your concerns with our property as well and apologize for any inconvenience that may have been caused. We are happy to hear that your room was fairly well kept. We strive to work hard in providing a well maintained property and are glad that you took notice. Thank you again for reviewing the Best Western Plus Miramar San Diego. We hope to see you during your next trip to San Diego. Thank you!
I recently stayed here for 6 days while in the area for work.I had a room that faced West, towards the Marine Base....Over all my stay was great! The room seemed updated compared to other Best Westerns I have stayed at in San Diego.The room was clean, the bed was comfy w/lots of pillows.It had a microwave, a small fridge, and a small in room safe.It had a flat screen tv with adequate channels REAL good wifi...I only tried the breakfast 1 day and it was OK, (did have some sort of scrambled egg dish, with sausage, pastries, etc...)Even though the hotel seems packed, i had no issues with any noise From the rooms next door...but, if you have a room on the West side, there is a very busy noisy road very close.There is not a lot of food choices walking distance, but for military, the commissary exchange is a few minutes drive away.Dear bu1larryI am glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay at our hotel. I am pleased to hear that our pillows were comfortable and that you enjoyed the hotel amenities. We are always working hard to make sure that all of our guest have a good night sleep. If we are having noise issues our staff makes sure that the noise issues get resolved in a timely manner. We do have limited restaurants walking distance but we do have a list of the local restaurants that you can drive to at the front desk. Thank you for staying with us.
Staff very helpful - stayed 9 days. Pool very clean - any problems were corrected. Internet touch and go on first floor, but 2nd floor and up fine. Rooms are older, but for the price it was about average. Location was excellent. Delivery for food was available, and we took advantage of it. Right next door in a Carl's Hamburg Restaurant, which also served breakfast - came in handy if you were too late for the Best Western free breakfast (by the way, waffles were great and the lady in charge was fabulous).Dear Randi J, Thank you for providing feedback regarding your stay at the Best Western San Diego/Miramar. We are thrilled to hear our staff is very helpful. We strive in providing our guests with excellent quality service and are touched you took notice. AS you mentioned, we do offer complimentary breakfast and are delighted you were able to enjoy it during your stay. We hope to see you again, during your next trip to San Diego. Once more, thank you for reviewing the Best Western San Diego/Miramar.
We normally stay at Best Western Hotels but will never stay at this one again. If you complain or ask for something, they'll ignore you. The room smelled which leads me to believe it wasn't clean. When I asked for extra towels they told me to come get them myself.....found a cleaning cart and grabbed them in the hallway. We would have moved to another hotel if we would of had the time!Dear Terric890I am sorry to hear that you did not have a good experience while staying at hotel. I am sorry that you were made to feel ignored. I will be talking with our staff about your experience and we will make sure that it does not happen again. I will also forward your comments to the housekeeping department. We will work to correct any issues to make sure that it does not happen again. Thank you very much for your feedback and I am sorry that you had a bad experience. Your comments matter to us.
We spent 12 nights at this BW. The first night, the A/C unit was like a Mack truck idling inside the room. We asked the front desk next morning for a fix or a room change. Within an hour or so, maintenance was checking out the problem and told us they would replace the unit. When we returned that night, it appeared to be a new unit and was blissfully quiet (well, as quiet as those things get). Nice job!Breakfast was crowded a couple of times but mostly OK. Selection was good - the usual waffle makers, cereal, fruit, pastries, bread, muffins, yogurt, small hot buffet - varied parings of scrambled eggs, omelets, sausage, potatoes (and inexplicably once, baked beans). Decent quality and efficiently maintained.The room was clean and quiet (some traffic noise in the morning). There were elephants upstairs but we never heard their voices. Biggest negative would be parking. There is simply not enough of it and it is packed tighter than an Olympian's spandex. Still, we always found a spot SOMEWHERE, even in the spots by the front entrance marked 15 minute parking only. The front desk acknowledged that was OK. Overall, this was a very decent value for the price and I would have no qualms about returning.Dear Steve7028Thank you for your feedback regarding your stay at the Best Western San Diego Miramar. We are delighted you enjoyed your stay with us and that you found our team to be so welcoming. We pride ourselves on our customer service, it is great to hear that our team were able to assist you and deliver our hotels promise. Thank you for your positive feedback in regards to your breakfast. We appreciate you taking the time to write us. Thank you for choosing our hotel and we look forward to seeing you on your next stay.
We chose this place because it was close enough to San Diego during Comicon without being insanely expensive. We were not intending to attend Comicon but went to SD to drop our daughter off at the airport and make a little vacation weekend out of it. It is in an area where there are multiple breweries for which my husband was happy. The room was adequate. The breakfast was fair. The swimming pool was inviting.Dear: Robin H Thank you for your feedback regarding your stay at the Best Western San Diego Miramar. We are delighted you enjoyed your stay with the hotel. We are glad to hear that you were able to use the hotel for your mini vacation after you dropped of your daughter at the airport during the comic con week. San Diego is know for having a fair amount of breweries in the area. Glad that your husband enjoyed it. Thank you for your positive feedback in regards to your breakfast. We appreciate you taking the time to write us. Thank you for choosing our hotel and we look forward to seeing you on your next stay.
The hotel was very clean, but some issues with parking. It seemed any evenings and you couldn't park near your room. Also, some lack of control on parking that was not guests and some security concerns. Overall a good stay for the price though.Dear vladtepes99Thank you for taking the time to review the hotel. I am glad that you enjoyed your stay at the hotel. With parking not being assign it is difficult sometimes to park near your room. I am sorry that you were not able to park near your room. I hope that the parking situation will not stop you from staying with us in the future. We hope to see you again.
It was a decent Best Western. But had a rough night sleeping as a result of neighbor noise, then late night (4am) pool party. Rooms are okay, beds comfy enough, property nice, breakfast was just okay. Dear DrVentura4Thank you for sharing your feedback with us your business means a lot to us. We pride ourselves on being a quite business hotel. On behalf of our entire team I would like to apologize for not exceeding your expectations. I know how upsetting noise can be. Your satisfaction is important to us and we will be using the feedback you gave us to implements improvements to ensure we offer a better experience to guest in the future. I hope that you will consider staying with us again so that we can have another chance to provide you with a superior experience.
We stayed here for the Miramar Air Show this past month and loved it. Picture this, record hot temps in SD, up to my neck in the pool and the Blue Angels flying overhead. Yep. Breakfast was good, hotel was clean, nice, all the things you would ask for. Our room was located on the opposite side of where the air show was and it was very quiet, although we definitely wouldn't have minded being on the airshow side. Would definitely stay here again.Dear h20lover, Thank you for taking the time in reviewing the Best Western Plus San Diego/Miramar. We are delighted to hear you had a wonderful stay at our hotel. We work hard in providing our guests with a memorable experience and are so pleased to have accomplished said task. As you mentioned, we are located near Miramar and are thrilled you were able to enjoy the airshow from our pool, during such a heat wave. We look forward to your next night with us and appreciate your feedback regarding the Best Western Plus San Diego/Miramar.
The Hotel staff was very accommodating. I was there for a business meeting the next day and I accidentally booked a smoking room, but wanted a non-smoking room. Manu, was a big help and got me into a non-smoking room for the night at the same rate. The room was clean, and everything worked as it was intended. I was also pleased with the quality of the complementary breakfast. I will definitely stay with them again.Thank you for your feedback regarding your stay at the Best Western San Diego Miramar. We are delighted that you enjoyed your stay with us and glad to hear that Manu was able to accommodate you to a non-smoking room. Our staff is always working hard to make sure that you provide cleans rooms, welcoming staff and to make sure that the everything is working properly in the room. Thank you for choosing our hotel and we will see you in your future bookings.
The hotel does show some wear, it is in the north part of the city and quite some distance from the ocean/beach and other major San Diego attractions. It is clean and comfortable and, the price while high is competitive for the area. We were there on extended family business and remained in the Mira Mesa area 90 of the time for which it was ideally suited. The hotel is surprisingly quite despite being close to the Marine Corps Air Station. I can remember only hearing a plane once while there.I thank the staff for their good work. This will be come our choice hotel for family visit to San Diego.Dear DCMahanThank you for taking the time to review the hotel we appreciate your feedback. If you are going to be in the Mira Mesa or Marine Corps Air Station we are the perfect location. We are located 5-10 minutes away from either location. The planes seldom fly around the area. The majority of their flying happens in October when we have their air show every year. I glad to hear that staff is doing a good job. We look forward to seeing you in the future. Thank you for the feedback.
perfect respite during a very hectic business trip ! Nice rooms, great staff --- very helpful and courteous. Prompt attention to questions and needs. I have stayed here several times when in the area and keep coming back --- that should tell you something about the value and quality of service found at this hotelDear Gregory C, Thank you for taking the time in reviewing the Best Western Plus San Diego Miramar. We are delighted to hear we are a great hotel. We strive in providing our guests with outstanding quality service and are touched that you took notice. We look forward to your next stay with us and appreciate your feedback regarding the Best Western Plus San Diego Miramar.
This hotel is clean and the staff are friendly. This is a basic hotel that may meet the needs for business trip. I did like the fact that there are many cable channels to choose from and the rooms are decent. The noise level was pretty low, which minimized any disturbances by the neighboring guests.Dear Michael B, Thank you for providing feedback regarding your stay at the Best Western San Diego/Miramar. We are thrilled to hear our hotel is clean and the staff are friendly. We strive in providing our guests with excellent quality service and are touched you took notice. As you mentioned, we do offer several television channels and are delighted you were able to enjoy them during your stay. We hope to see you again, during your next trip to San Diego. Once more, thank you for reviewing the Best Western San Diego/Miramar.
Me and my family stayed in this hotel for 5nights it's not fancy hotel but it's great customer service better than some 5 stars hotel I was in before , I have to mention one of the great ladies at the front desk she did great job all the time her name is Savannah and the breakfast lady Valencia she is so sweet and she was running around helping every body all the time .Dear moecony2002Thank you for taking the time to review the hotel. We greatly appreciate your feedback. I am glad to hear that we were able to give you better customer service than some of the 5 star hotels that are out there.I will let Savannah and Valencia know your good comments. Thank you for staying with us.
Here for a wedding and family vacation. Easy access to San Diego and Temeculah, so was perfect for us. Staff is super friendly and will go above and beyond to help out with anything! My wife was heavily pregnant at the time, and the night staff allowed us to steal about 12 pillows to help her get through the night!Don't be afraid to ask for suggestions for food places near there, as everyone that was recommended to us was fantastic!If we are ever in the area again, this will be our first choice!Dear Kyle M, Thank you for taking the time in reviewing Best Western San Diego/Miramar. We are thrilled to hear the staff is super friendly and will go above and beyond to help out with anything. We strive in providing our guests with excellent quality service and are touched you took notice. As you mentioned, we are centrally located near several of San Diegos famous attractions and are delighted you were able to enjoy them during your stay. We look forward to your next night with us and appreciate your feedback regarding the Best Western San Diego/Miramar.
The hotel is a great place to stay. The amenities the room provides for the guest are great. The front desk, are always very helpful. Especially, when there are bilingual people like Juan. He is a very extraordinary person. Always willing to make your stay as pleasing and relaxing. He is very professional and makes guest come back every time and stay here.Dear Maggie M, Thank you for taking the time in reviewing Best Western San Diego/Miramar. We are thrilled to hear you stay was very pleasing and relaxing. We strive in providing our guests with a memorable experience and are so pleased to have accomplished said task. As you mentioned, we have several staff members who speak a second language and are delighted you found it beneficial. We look forward to your next night with us and appreciate your feedback regarding the Best Western San Diego/Miramar.
Nice, quiet, and comfortable! Stayed over on Tuesday nights for three visits over the last three months, and it was always a pleasant experience. Beds and pillows are comfortable! The staff are professional and helpful.Dear Lupe R, Thank you for taking the time in reviewing the Best Western San Diego Miramar. We are delighted to hear our hotel is nice, quiet, and comfortable. We strive in providing excellent quality service and are touched you took notice. We look forward to your next stay with us at the Best Western San Diego Miramar. Again, thank you for providing feedback regarding your stay at our hotel.
This is an older hotel that has been kept up very well. Being an older hotel, you get larger rooms which is great, compared to newer, more expensive hotels. Parking was tight, but there was ample parking. Although a non smoking property, people do smoke outside the rooms and the smoke gets sucked into the room through the AC. Maybe move the designated smoking sections across the parking lot The breakfast was adequate, but comparing to other BW Plusses, this breakfast was lacking. Surprised to see instant coffee at the breakfast bar. Staff was friendly, accommodating, and responsive. If planning to go to any San Diego tourist sites, this is the place to stay, as it's centrally located, the rooms are quiet, allowing rest after a long day.Dear Valued Guest, Thank you for taking the time in reviewing the Best Western Plus Miramar. We are thrilled to hear our hotel is a great place to stay. We work hard in providing a well-maintained property and are delighted to know we have accomplished said task. As you mentioned, we are centrally located near several of San Diegos famous attractions and are pleased you were able to benefit from it during your stay. We look forward to seeing you and future travelers alike, during your next trip to San Diego. Once more, thank you for providing feedback regarding your stay at the Best Western Plus Miramar.
We stayed for 6 nights to attend events in the area and visit friends. The hotel was clean and tidy, the staff were helpful and fast to respond to any requests. We would stay here again if we needed to be in the area.Dear Ross P Thank you for taking the time to review the hotel we appreciate your feedback. I am glad to hear that our hotel was clean and tidy. Also that our staff were helpful and responded quickly to any request that you had. Thank you for considering our hotel for future visits.
I had to stay do to my husband stay at the hospital they were so helpful . at the hotel the help with directions to stores and restaurant asking how my husband was doing' price was very fair for being close to Veterans HosptialsDear Joseph C, Thank you for providing feedback regarding your stay at the Best Western San Diego/Miramar. We are thrilled to hear you had a very peaceful stay at our hotel. We work hard in providing our guests with a memorable experience and are so pleased to have accomplished said task. We hope to see you again, during your next trip to San Diego. Once more, thank you for reviewing the Best Western San Diego/Miramar.
The room was adequate but the breakfast was terrible. First the space is under construction. There is no room to sit. They did not keep the food stocked. So if you came late there wasn't much to eat. The hotel was overpriced for the condition it is in at the moment. Find another place to stay.Dear Valued Guest, Thank you for investing your time in reviewing our hotel. We appreciate your feedback and concerns, as they are significantly valuable to us. We do apologize about the inconvenience that was caused during your stay. Please know that these issues are being addressed with our staff so that we can improve our amenities and service to future guests. We hope that you would be so kind as to give us another chance and stay with us again, in the future. Thank you again for reviewing our hotel.
This hotel was very reasonably priced and quiet. Clean and good friendly staff. You had to drive to places but it was less than half hour to everything - zoo, downtown, la jolla. Wifi was a little iffy at times but generally worked. Breakfast was ok and free.Dear Ysd D, Thank you for providing feedback regarding your stay at the Best Western San Diego/Miramar. We are thrilled to hear our hotel is clean and good friendly staff at our hotel. We strive in providing our guests with excellent quality service and are touched you took notice. As you mentioned, we are centrally located near several of San Diegos famous attractions and are delighted you were able to enjoy it during your stay. We hope to see you again, during your next trip to San Diego. Once more, thank you for reviewing the Best Western San Diego/Miramar.
This was a convenient and fairly priced place to stay in San Diego. We were 20 minutes to Sea World and downtown. Friends who stayed downtown had to pay 50 per night for parking. We never had a chance to use the courtyard pool but we appreciated the pastry, egg, sausage, cereal, and waffle breakfast options. Perfect for us that they start serving at 6am. Room was clean and everything was in working order. Beds were a bit on the firm side. WiFi didn't work with the password we were given. Our main goal was a safe clean place in San Diego with breakfast within a budget and this Best Western checked those boxes. It is no longer a Best Western Plus. You can see the old sign on the ground in the parking lot. I forgot to ask front desk about the change. The breakfast included with the price of the room still makes them better than other Best Western hotels in the area but there must be other requirements to keep the Plus title. Dear mrsp-alisoviejoThank you for taking the time to review the hotel. We greatly appreciate your feedback. Thank you for mentioning that we are only 20-25 minutes away from most our attractions here in San Diego. One of the benefits of staying up in Miramar is that you get better pricing since we are not next to our attractions. When you stay at the Best Western you also do not have to worry about a daily parking fee, like you do in the downtown locations. Parking here is free. I am glad that we were able to check of all the boxes our your needs.Thank you for staying with us.
Friendly staff, average looking hotel, clean room. We got there way before our check in time because of an early flight but the staff was considerate and was able to get us check into a room right away.Dear Anahit A, Thank you for providing feedback regarding your stay at the Best Western San Diego/Miramar. We are thrilled to hear we have friendly staff at our hotel. We work hard in providing our guests with excellent quality service and are touched you took notice. As you mentioned, we do offer early check-ins when available and are delighted to have been able to accommodate your early arrival. We hope to see you again, during your next trip to San Diego. Once more, thank you for reviewing the Best Western San Diego/Miramar.
Our recent stay at the Best Western Plus San Diego/Miramar Hotel during out San Diego trip was a good experience for us. We would like to thanks the Asian lady who worked at the front desk and assisted us when we check-in to the hotel late at night. She was very patient with us and went out of her way to help us find the most suitable and comfortable room for our staying. We have to request room change for three times. The first room assigned was not clean, and the second one we moved to turned out to be the smoking room, but we requested a non-smoking room since we were traveling with two young kids. The lady (sorry that we forgot her name) was very patient with us and have the most positive attitude when helping us finding the most satisfy room for our staying. She also gave us good recommendations on where to find a quick dinning place near the hotel, since it's late at night and we were tired from a long drive. We would like to take this chance to thanks her so much for all her help. The price for the hotel staying was reasonable and it included breakfast. Breakfast area was not big, but had enough space to move around. Breakfast was served from 6am -9am, and as long as you go there early in the morning, before the rush hours (8-9am), you wont have problem to find seating and enjoy your breakfast. Breakfasts are the usual choices, but they will fill you up. It was a good starter in the morning before we headed out to the theme parks. We didn't have the chance to use the in-room microwave, but the refrigerator came in handy. TV was a good size had had enough channels for us to watch. The bed and pillows were comfortable, so we had no problem fall in sleep at night. The only thing we questioned was the in-room safe box. It required a credit card to operate, so we wondered if the hotel would charge us for using it. The neighborhood seemed pretty quiet and safe, even though its close to the freeway, no noise was heard at night, and no weird people hanged around the hotel property. There were plenty of parking spaces around, and we had no problem finding parking space when we returned to the hotel late at night. The pool area looked pretty clean, but we didnt get to use it since our staying was during the cold winter days, we might have enjoy the pool more if we stay during summer time. Overall the hotel staying is a good experience for us. We will recommend this hotel and will likely to stay again if we are returning to the area.Dear Alice C, Thank you for taking the time in reviewing the Best Western Plus San Diego/Miramar. We are thrilled to hear you had a good experience at our hotel. We strive in providing our guests with excellent quality service and are touched you took notice. As you mentioned, we do offer a complimentary breakfast and are delighted you were able to enjoy it during your stay. We look forward to your next night with us and appreciate your feedback regarding the Best Western Plus San Diego/Miramar.
I don't usually like to complain about rooms, since I'm not booking at a top hotel. Just looking for a place to sleep on the road, but I don't recommend this place even for that. They charge an extra 1 per day (plus tax) for the room safe whether you use it or not. And they don't tell you that until you are checking out, it just shows up on your bill. The check-in clerk the first night was quirky and nice but the other staff throughout our four night stay were not very unfriendly. Housekeeping started knocking on doors to clean the rooms at 7:30 each morning. We were getting ready to leave about 8:30 one morning, loading stuff for our day trip. The maid asked me if I wanted them to skip cleaning our room for the day, since we were next in line and we weren't gone yet. The hot food served for breakfast was marginal. After the first morning, I just went with the cereal or skipped it altogether. Wouldn't stay here again, wouldn't recommend it.
I'm kind of a regular at this hotel. The front desk staff is really great. I see Crystal most of the time. Every time though she makes you feel welcome and is glad to see you. She also prepares the continental breakfast too. Crystal goes the extra mile for us drivers that come in early with having the breakfast set-up earlier than expected!The rooms are consistently clean and new coffee makers makes the stay a whole lot better. I'm a day sleeper when I stay, noise level is average. Nighttime is real quiet.Dear Mike BThank you for taking the time to place a review on behalf of the hotel. I am glad to hear that you enjoy interacting with the staff specially Crystal. Crystal does do a very good job while working the audit shift. She does go above and beyond to accommodate our guest. I am please to hear that her work is showing. I will let her know of your good comments. The Best Western will always work hard to give you guys the drivers the best rooms that we can. A good night sleep is very important for everybody but for you guys it is specially important. You guys need to be well rested so you guys are able to do your job. We will work hard to make sure that you guys get a good night sleep. Thanks for staying and we will see you in your future visits.
The Best Western San Diego/ Miramar was a pleasant and peaceful experience. It is located close to Miramar Marine Corp Air Station and close to freeways. We were very impressed with the service and attention we received from the entire staff. The breakfast was delicious and the pool/spa area was very clean. Despite the painting and remodeling on one side, it was quiet after work hours.Dear Valued Guest,Thank you for taking the time in reviewing the Best Western Plus Miramar. We are so happy to hear that the service was great. We strive to work hard in providing exceptional quality service and are glad we were able to accomplish just that. We are also happy to hear that you took advantage of our complimentary breakfast. Thank you again for reviewing our property. We hope to see you during your next visit to San Diego. Thank you!
As a business traveler you get accustom to average. So on the rare occasions that you come across excellence I just get giddy. Best Western Miramar is just that AWESOME. Its like being at home. The hotel (Holiday Inn) across the street bills at 229.00 a night on average and is a drop in the bucket compared to this establishment. Best Wester is nice, clean and a bargain. You have a small studio like room with a sofa and refrigerator/microwave in every room. The people make the place Jimmy at the front counter and Mr. Patel make my day every time I check in. I have stayed in 100's of hotels and this one is one of my favorites. For the service, for the amenities but mostly for the people. Dear Valued Guest Thank you for taking the time in reviewing the Best Western Plus Miramar. We are thrilled to hear that we were able to provide you excellent service and you found our hotel to be the best value. We are also very pleased to hear that it is awesome and were able to make you feel like you were at home. We strive to work hard in providing great quality service, and we are glad to hear that Jimmy, Mr. Patel, and the rest of our staff are no exception. We are also delighted to hear that you have stayed in over 100 hotels and we are one of your favorites. Thank you again for reviewing the Best Western Plus Miramar and letting other travelers know about your stay. We look forward to seeing you soon. Thank you.
We had an awesome stay for 3 nights. Everybody was helpful and accommodating.We arrived late at night and we were welcomed with quick checked in and and helped us with our luggages. Clean facilities and got a big beautiful room on the first floor. Even got a bonus Sofa Bed.Great buffet breakfast! It was an awesome stay and will definitely go back again. Real nice friendly staff.Dear bvillap2018Thank you for your feedback regarding your stay at the Best Western San Diego Miramar. We are delighted you enjoyed your stay with us and that you found our team to be so welcoming. We pride ourselves on our customer service, it is great to hear that our team were able to assist you and deliver our hotels promise. Thank you for your positive feedback in regards to our customer service, cleanliness of the facility and our Great breakfast buffet. We appreciate you taking the time to write us. Thank you for choosing our hotel and we look forward to seeing you on your next stay.
Awesome stay all around the prices were greats compared to other similar hotels in area for quick last second booking for 3 nights. They allowed our small dogs to stay in a available suite for pets for a great nightly rate. Would highly recommend for simple clean room and good rates. I had accidently left my brand new 3 series apple iwatch in the room and I believed to had left it in the pull out couch bed and my family had forgot to look and checked out of the room already without the watch or looking. I thought it was gone for good. But good thing Sulema was servicing our room and was able to find the watch tucked away it was in sofa bed hidden. She is a life saver and very awesome I appreciate her returning my watch. It was a gift from somebody special to me and I use at work daily. Thanks million Sulema... (PS she also had our room nice and clean and restocked room supplies as needed to make our stay as comfortable as possible. Customer service was a 10 out of 10) Thank you.Dear jayvega89Thank you for your feedback regarding your stay at the Best Western San Diego Miramar. We are delighted you enjoyed your stay with us. We pride ourselves in being able to offer great pricing for our guest, even if it is a last minute booking. It is was our pleasure to be able host you and your pets at the hotel. Our hotel enjoys hosting our fury little friends after all they are part of the family.I am glad to hear that Sulema was able to provide a good service and was able to find that watch. It sounds like the Iwatch is priceless and I so happy to hear that we were able to find it and get it back to you. We hope to see you on a future stay.
Attending a conference in San Diego downtown I opted to stay here, 20 miles north to avoid 50 per day parking, etc. I was very satisfied with my choice. This is a well located economy facility. Its not luxury but it is a good value.Dear Sharon GThank you for choosing our hotel while you were in San Diego for your conference. We might be 20-25 minutes away from most locations but compensate that by having reasonable rates and not charging for parking. We also do not impose a resort fee of any kind. We also offer a free hot breakfast for all or your guest. Thank you for chosing our hotel for your lodging needs.
Have been staying at this Best Western every other month for almost two years. The hotel has become like a second home. The rooms are clean and quiet and well appointed. The staff is always helpful and polite, especially Manu and Louie. Lots of military personnel stay at the hotel and all of these individuals are the best of the best. Several restaurants are within walking distance along with several fast food chains and a Bank of America. It's a great place to stay.Dear Jerry B, Thank you for taking the time in reviewing the Best Western Plus San Diego/Miramar. We are thrilled to hear our hotel has become like a second home to you. We strive in providing our guests with excellent quality service and are touched you took notice. As you mentioned, we are centrally located near several eateries and are delighted you were able to enjoy them during your stay. We look forward to your next night with us and appreciate your feedback regarding the Best Western Plus San Diego/Miramar.
I had booked a reservation through Priceline.com for a non-smoking room. When I arrived at the hotel I was informed succinctly that my reservation came through for a smoking room. Although there were non-smoking rooms available, I was charged 11 to change to a non-smoking room. Calls from customer service agents at Priceline had no effect at all. The front desk clerk admitted to me that this happens very frequently (every day she said) to people who book through Priceline or Hotwire. I believe this hotel is running a scam to earn extra revenue by charging unsuspecting customers extra money for non-smoking rooms. Shameful. I will never stay there again.Let me start by thanking you for completing our Guest Survey regarding your recent stay at our property. I apologize for not exceeding your expectations. We strive to ensure each and every guest experience is satisfying. Please know that we are taking your feedback to heart and focusing on improving. As you know when you buy your room through hotwire / priceline with name your price you are giving up lot of prevallage, such as choice of your hotel, room type ect. This type of booking channel will give you deep discount but any guest request is subject to availabity, if we don't have same room type we offer guest choice to upgrade to diffrent room type and pay the diffrence (once again this upgrade is subject to availability). I advice if guest has specific need please book through Bestwestern.com and select room type of their need. Each room type and rates are clearly explain. Again, I apologize for the inconvenience during your stay and hope to see you during your next visit.
I believe that the Best Western has a great product at a reasonable rate. the only area that they could improve on is there staffing. But an overall I enjoyed my stay and was satisfied with the rate. xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo x x x xDear Ian M, Thank you for providing feedback regarding your stay at the Best Western Plus San Diego/Miramar. We are thrilled to hear that we have a great product at a reasonable rate. We work hard in providing our guests with a memorable experience and are so pleased to have accomplished said task. We hope to see you again, during your next trip to San Diego. Once more, thank you for reviewing the Best Western Plus San Diego/Miramar.
The customer service was acceptable. The hotel itself is older, and overdue for a re-model. The refrigerator was very loud, the carpet was marginally clean, and there was a smell of urine around the bed area. I usually subscribe to the you get what you pay for adage, when it comes to hotels. I took a chance with this one(90 per). I got what I paid for...Dear M3044HSphillipbThank you for completing the survey regarding your recent stay at our property. On behalf of our entire team, I would like to apologize for not exceeding your expectations. Your satisfaction is important to us and we will be using the feedback you gave us to implement improvements to ensure we offer a better experience for guests in the future.
I made a reservation in June and cancelled the reservation at least 2 weeks in advance of our reservation. The hotel charged my credit card indicating that I did not cancel the hotel room. This was absolutely false. I cancelled the room and gave them plenty of notice. stay away from this unethical hotel.
Came down to see the granddaughter play in a volleyball tournament. The hotel is within a reasonable distance from the site of Alliant U campus. The hotel was clean, the beds were extremely comfortable, and the towels were the best (softest and dried better) than any other we have had this year. Almost like home. The internet connected easily, but the desk provided in our room was small and the only light hung above in the ceiling. The chair provided was not an office type chair, unable to adjust the height. This made internet use a bit more difficult. Breakfast was normal for a Best Western. We chose to go to the IHop just across the street instead for more variety. And that was an experience in itself - a positive one. Overall it was a great price for San Diego. The room was more than adequate for our purposes. And our room was quiet and dark enough. Hate the taxes in San Diego for visitors. Seems to be a growing trend, soak the tourists.Dear Joel,Thank you for investing the time to review your stay with us. Were thrilled to hear that our hotel suited your needs. Our staff holds guest service in the highest regard and were pleased to hear that you were left with a memorable experience. As you mentioned, we are centrally located near local universities and colleges, were happy to hear that was of convenience for you. Again, thank you for reviewing our hotel, we look forward to seeing you again in the near future.
There were more cons than pros for the 4 nights that my family stayed here. 14 people were on this trip and we rented 3 rooms. Unfortunately, the room that i ended up with had many problems. All 3 rooms were non-smoking room, but right when i walked into the room, you can smell the aroma of cigarettes. The second problem faced was the dysfunctional microwave in the room. We called the front desk to come fix it for us, they were nice enough to come see what was wrong with it and come fix it however, i don't know what they fixed because the microwave did not heat up the food at all. The third, but biggest, problem was the BED BUGS! Even though they might say their hotel is bug free, we faced these little pests late at night. My son was bitten many times(pictures included) and I was bit once on my eyebrow on the last night. Luckily, we caught one bug that was still moving around in the morning and showed them to the front desk. We asked for a discount because all the nights we stayed there were met with discomfort however the best they did for us was a discount for one night. We called the manager and explained our situations after our stay and he wasn't much of a help either.Thank you for expressing your concerns in regards to your recent experience at the Best Western Miramar. The concerns you have raised are very understandable given what you described, and I appreciate the opportunity to look into it and respond.The global resurgence of bed bugs over the last five years is a widely-recognized problem. It is suspected that this resurgence is a direct result of increased international travel to and from the United States, since bed bugs are easily transported in suitcases, clothing, and purses among other things. To address this growing problems, we have a continuous pest control policy in place at our property and have implemented a thorough training program for our housekeeping and maintenance personnel to assist in the early recognition of infestation.Our certified pest control vendor has visited the property and assures us that there is no current infestation on property. Given the nature of our business, it is our expressed commitment to make sure every guest experience an enjoyable one. Your comfort and satisfaction are very important to us, as you have had a chance to see. We appreciate you taking your time to stay with and write review. If there is anything we can do for you please feel free to contact us at 858-578-6600.
We were on a family weekend trip to SeaWorld and Mission San Luis Rey. I got an unbelievable rate on-line and decided to stay here between the two locations. The hotel was very clean and roomy enough for the adults and grandkids. We always love the breakfast at the Best Western and it saves on time when you are traveling. We ate at the Asian restaurant across the street that was recommended by the front desk. It was an excellent meal. I would recommend this hotel to any family.Dear Valued Guest Thank you for taking the time to review Best Western Plus Miramar. We are delighted to hear that you consider us to be a great hotel for families. We are also pleased to hear that you found the hotel to be very clean and roomy. We strive to work hard in maintaining high standards of cleanliness and are glad that you took notice. Fortunately, we do provide a complimentary deluxe breakfast bar which includes waffles, eggs, sausage, as well as many other breakfast items and are happy that you took advantage of that. We thank you again for reviewing Best Western Plus Miramar and telling other travelers know about your stay. We look forward to seeing you soon in the future. Thank you
Over priced compared to where we stayed the night before. We stayed at Hotel Karlan-san Diego double tree by Hilton for 7 more on a Saturday. We stayed here on Sunday. First room had a blown outlet, with no power to night stand wall. Manager moved us into another room. (Thank you)Then, second room smelled like stail air. Took awhile to vent out. Shower drain was clogged, and had to wash down some small spiders.Staff was very nice. Dear Down99Thank you for taking the time to review the hotel. I am sorry to hear that the 1st room had a blown outlet but I am glad to see that you were moved for the issue to be resolved. It looks like the reset was not enough to fix the issue. We are not pleased to hear that the second room air smelled stail. That is not what we want our rooms to smell like. I am glad to hear that you enjoyed our staff here at the hotel.Thank you for staying for staying with us and I am sorry about the electrical issues you had at the hotel.
It's been a while since I was here and this property has been upgraded! Very nice! Nice rooms, improved breakfast area, pool and jacuzzi with lots of seats. Rooms are clean and spacious with fridge and microwave. There is a gas station and Carl's junior next to hotel. Dear Carole W,Thank you for taking the time in reviewing the Best Western San Diego/Miramar. As you mentioned, we went through a recent renovation and are ecstatic that you took notice. We always aim to leave our guests with a positive experience and are so happy we were able to do just that. Thank you again for reviewing the Best Western San Diego/Miramar. We look forward to seeing you during your next stay.
My wife book this hotel for 5 days on 4th of July weekend. When I arrived to this hotel I was not impressed by ambience. I was thinking, we might have booked some other hotel. I went to front desk the staff was very friendly. They initially gave me pool view third floor room but they changed on our request to second floor. Rooms were excellent. My kids loved the swimming pool and jacuzzi. They were very clean had lot of fun in Spa. Free WIFI and awesome breakfast in the morning. What more you need.... It is located at very convenient location. 15-25 minutes drive to Zoo, Seaworld, Safari, Legoland.And the most important -- lots of restaurant on walking distance. You have lots of choices for dining out.We liked this place very much. My first impression was completely wrong. I will highly recommend this.Dear Valued Guest, Thank you for taking the time in reviewing the Best Western Plus Miramar. We are so delighted to hear that we are an excellent hotel for the price range. We are also happy to hear that you were satisfied with our friendly front desk staff. As you mentioned, we do provide free WIFI as well as a complimentary deluxe breakfast bar and are very happy to hear that you took advantage of those amenities. We are fortunately located just minutes away from San Diegos biggest attractions and are glad that you took advantage of that also. Thank you again for reviewing the Best Western Plus Miramar. We look forward to seeing you during your next visit to San Diego. Thank you!
Clean hotel, comfortable accommodations, however there was a problem with wireless internet for the 2 days of our stay. A bit pricey, but after all, this is California in the summer. Hot breakfast was adequate each morning, typical Best Western fare.Dear Henry W, Thank you for providing feedback regarding your stay at the Best Western Plus San Diego Miramar. We are delighted to hear we are a clean hotel with comfortable accommodations. We work hard in providing a well-maintained property and are touched you took notice. We are sincerely sorry to hear about the difficulties you experienced with the wireless internet. Please know your concern is being addressed, in order to improve our future guests experience. We hope to see you again, during your next trip to San Diego. Once more, thank you for reviewing the Best Western Plus San Diego Miramar.
The Bayside Inn is in walking distance of just about everything downtown San Diego. Our car stayed comfy and cosy in their parking garage except for the three days we were away from the area. Our room was HUGE. If you want a bigger room than average, get the last room on the city side of the Inn. Employees were pretty great, welcoming and helpful. The only issue we had was with the Clean Remote which did not seem to want its buttons pushed. After asking staff to fix it (which they tried to by replacing the batteries) we discovered an old-fashioned remote in a drawer and used that for the rest of our week stay. Pool and Hot-tub were nice ... pretty much empty every weeknight after 10 pm. Breakfast buffet was so-so. Not the greatest in the world, but I've seen worse at other hotels (stale muffins and donuts and maybe some juice). Dinner at the Bayside Grill wasn't bad either...If we ever return to San Diego (and we definitely might!) we would stay at the Bayside Inn again in a heartbeat.Thank you for staying with us at Best Western Plus Bayside Inn! We are pleased you enjoyed our proximity within downtown made walking to so many things easy. We value your feedback about the remote in your room and our complimentary breakfast buffet. This will aid us with concentrating our efforts to continue to make advancements please accept out apologies for any inconveniences. We are delighted that you will stay with us again and we look forward to welcoming you back!
Small but well-located hotel. It was nice to be within walking distance of Seaport Village, the waterfront park and Little Italy. The hotel is small and the parking spots are tight (park on the roof if you own a big car). The pool area is really small and since the building blocks the sun it gets chilly. Wish the pool was heated and the spa was hotter. The construction around the hotel is loud. Noise started at 7:00 a.m. on Saturday and we could easily hear it through the slider. Clean room, comfy beds. Loved having my morning coffee out on the balcony, would be nice if there were chairs. The free breakfast is a nice touch but the food needs help. The eggs were cold, the potatoes had no flavor and it would have been nice to have the option of english muffins or bagels. Overall a nice hotel for being in the City.On behalf of our entire team, we thank you for the feedback regarding your recent stay with us at BW PLUS Bayside Inn. Thank you for sharing about how much you enjoyed our proximity to Seaport Village, the Waterfront Park Little Italy. I would like to apologize for not exceeding your expectations in regards to parking and our complimentary breakfast buffet. We hope the growth of our neighbors was not too impactful on your stay. Your satisfaction is important to us and we will be using the feedback you gave us to implement improvements to ensure we offer a better experience for guests in the future. We hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back the next time you visit San Diego!
My experience at the Best Western Plus Hotel was a wonderful time, and I would like to thank you to all the staff of the front desk and housekeeping depts. for their hard work, because I work for the Hospitality Industry I understand that they have to be very professional to attend all the guests, and they did it to me in a friendly and such amicable way, thank you for give a good stay at your hotel, I will make sure to recommend you to all my relatives and friends who are traveling to San Diego to select you as their Hotel too.Dear Jose Roberto N, Thank you for your review of Best Western Plus Bayside Inn and sharing that your experience was wonderful. We are grateful for your feedback about our professional friendly staff and we hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back the next time you come to San Diego.Best Regards,Grace GerzenGuest Relations Manager
First time to San Diego and loved it. Hotel has a great location in downtown with easy walking to many restaurants and attractions. Hotel was clean and staff was very nice. Would definitely stay here again.Thank you for reviewing your stay with us at BW PLUS Bayside Inn. We are so glad you loved your first trip to our beautiful city of San Diego and the proximity to great restaurants and sites worked well for you. We will be sure to share your feedback with the team and let them know how much you appreciated them and the cleanliness of our hotel. We hope to welcome you back!
Chose this hotel as it was within walking distance to my conference and because of the great price. I was happy to find it only 3-4 blocks easy walk down to the water and a walk along the harbor. Little Italy was a block away as well. Great food and sights within easy reach. Breakfast included with the room is always a plus for me. Room very nice. Desk staff helpful with my questions about a car rental and providing helpful advice. Would definitely stay here again.We are pleased to receive your review of your stay with us at Best Western Plus Bayside Inn! Thank you for sharing details about things to do in the area... taking walks along the water front and all of the food and sights nearby. We are glad the breakfast and room were nice and would like to thank you for mentioning our helpful staff! We look forward to welcoming you back!
I have stayed at this Hotel in the past and my wife and i really enjoy this Hotel. It is right across the street from Little Italy and that makes it one of the best places to stay, also it is a couple of blocks from the Harbor cruises and plenty of restaurants in the area.The beds are very comfortable and we had a view of the ocean.Thank you for staying at BW PLUS Bayside Inn, we are glad you really enjoyed your stay. There is so much to do and see within walking distance and it is nice to hear from our guests how convenient our proximity to Little Italy and the harbor is. Thank you for sharing about our comfortable beds, we want our guests to get a great night of sleep while staying with us!
This hotel is right next to the restaurants of Little Italy and walking distance from the Midway. and the bayfront.also has an excellent breakfast buffet in the adjoining restaurant It is presently being renovated. and will be even better in the future.
A fantastic welcome very helpful showing us around the area and suggesting things to see and where to eat. The facilities and Breakfasts were good. The free extras such as teas coffee and fruit were a nice touch. The free transfer were excellent.On behalf of our entire team, we thank you for the feedback regarding your recent stay with us at BW PLUS Bayside Inn. Thank you for sharing about how much you enjoyed our facilities and free amenities. We are glad the suggestions from our staff helped you with sites to see and places to eat too. We hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back the next time you visit San Diego!
I enjoyed being on the 12th, top floor, for the views. Yes, the single semi operating elevator was a chore. Room was average and not totally clean. Desk and table tops were not all that clean in that there were sticky spills remaining. Connecting restaurant offered very nice evening meals at good prices. Breakfast in the same restaurant wasaverage but expected per the usual expectations for BW. The always present tip jar. I do tip but do not care for the begging bowl. Does not seem classy. TV so, so. No Fox News. Bias There is a plus for this hotel and that is the staff. Well staffed, helpful and friendly.
Turisticamente ...todo esta a la mano desde este hotel... el lugar es muy bueno y el personal excelente... visitamos otros hoteles en California del mismo precio pero tenan muchas menos ventajas.... de veras lo recomendamos... quedaran muy satisfechos.Thank you for reviewing your stay with us at Best Western Plus Bayside Inn. We are grateful for your comments about our hotels price including more value and amenities then other hotels you have stayed at for the same price range. Thank you for taking time to write a review and for sharing that our staff is excellent!
I spent a fun weekend with several friends at this hotel. It was in a great location. We could walk to the Gaslamp and Little Italy sections of San Diego in a matter of minutes. Shuttle from the airport to the hotel started out a little shaky when we had to wait an hour for pick up, but the very friendly driver made up for it. He even gave us a ride to a tour location so we would not miss it due to our late arrival. The room was clean and the morning breakfast was great! Our room had a great view of the bay. I would definitely stay here again!
I stayed in the BW Bayside for 5 nights from May 29-June 3rd this year with my Mum and friend. I had emailed the hotel prior to arrival requesting a high floor room and harbour view. I was delighted when they allocated us a room like that as requested. Thanks for that Silvia! The view was beautiful. After a very long journey over from Dublin, Ireland we sank into really comfortable beds. Room furnishings were lovely, spotless room, great shower and the bonus of the fridge and micrwave were very welcome. Breakfast was perfectly adequate and we enjoyed it, the waiters were lovely down there. We were always given great assistance at reception in terms of directions, recommendations etc They helped us get transport to and from the Viejas Casino Resort aswell(although I wish we hadnt gone and spent so much !!) and they were always friendly, courteous and polite.We used the pool, sunloungers etc for a whole afternoon and it was bliss..plenty of sunlight down there from 12-5pm...only wished I'd have spent more time there actually. Location of the hotel was perfect..just around the corner from the trolley tour bus. We also caught the tram/train to the shopping outlets in San Ysidro- right on the Mexican border...we went into Mexico for the day, was fun but the queues to get out were very very long. Shopping was great in the outlets and only 40 mins away. I thought the location of the hotel was v central...right in between all areas of interest..Little Italy, Gaslamp even Old Town..it was the perfect base actually.We availed of the shuttle bus heading back to the airport which was yet another bonus. This hotel had everything you would possibly need and I would definitley stay there again. Very reasonably priced too. Thanks everyone in the hotel and restaurant for being so welcoming and well done on giving us a lovley stay in beautiful San Diego.Dear DeniseMcC, Thank you for choosing to stay with us at Best Western Plus Bayside Inn during your trip to San Diego. We are very grateful for your detailed feedback about your trip and stay. Silvia takes great pride in taking care of our guests we appreciate your acknowledgment of her services. Thank you for sharing about our comfortable beds and great showers. We are pleased to see your comments about our servers and the helpfulness of our Front Office team with directions and transportation. We will share your thank you with the whole team. Best Regards,Grace GerzenGuest Relations Manager
We spent 3 nights at BW Plus Bayside Inn. Great location. Walkable to Seaport Village, The Midway, and Little Italy. Staff was super friendly and helpful with directions. Our room was clean and had everything we needed. The bed was extremely comfortable. We slept very well. No problems at all. We could not hear other guests, the elevators ran smoothly and quickly, and parking was no problem. Definitely will stay again when we are in San Diego. Thank you for taking time to cover the details of your experience staying at Best Western Plus Bayside Inn. We are grateful for your review of our friendly staff, our clean/comfortable quiet rooms. We are glad you slept well and found both the elevators and parking to be convenient! We look forward to welcoming you back.
This was my first time staying here. My great experience started a few months before the stay when I booked the room online using AirMiles. After receiving my confirmation from AirMiles I realized I had been put in a smoking room (I didn't have the option to pick). I called the hotel right away to see if they could change me to a non-smoking one. Even though it wasn't their fault/issue, the gentleman who helped me was able to move me no problem. The team at the front desk was very helpful throughout the stay. The shuttle from the airport and to the cruise terminal was very handy. They even arranged for a taxi to pick me to take me to the zoo for an early morning tour. The breakfast was pretty limited options wise, but the service was decent. Overall the room was quite loud with traffic and construction noise, but the bed was very comfortable and the room was nice and clean.
Stayed for 3 nights at the beginning of a touring holiday on the west coast. After getting our bags at San Diego airport we headed to the information desk to find out the best way to get to our hotel, they very helpfully called to order the hotels free shuttle service. It arrived promptly and took us straight to the hotel. Check-in was simple and the staff friendly and helpful. Room was fairly basic but big and spotlessly clean. Breakfast is served at the Bayside Grill, just next door, and is a buffet style with cereal, pancakes, toast, muffins, coffee and juices. The hotel was really well placed in the city, near the sea and little italy. The only fault with this hotel is it's proximity to the Amtrak station and lines, each train toots it's horn really loudly as it comes in and out of the station. Not the fault of the hotel though obviously, just take some ear plugs if you're a light sleeper!
I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in april 2014. The hotel was well located. 15 minutes walking distance to the seaport village. They have some souvenirs shops, restaurants and museum. The airline that we took didnt have our luggage. The hotel call our room as soon as they arrive and offer to come and bring them to the room. Really good staff. You have coupon to go eat your breakfeast at the grill. You need to pass from the outside to go. They have toast, eggs, cereals, yogourt, ham, sausage pancake, fruits..... The hotel is also really close to the famous san diego zoo and from seaworld. If you have to take the plane it is also really close to the airport and they offer shuttle service. If i go back to san diego i will go back to this hotel.Dear windfl0wer4576, Thank you for choosing to stay with us at the Best Western Plus Bayside Inn during your trip to San Diego from Montreal, Canada. It is heartwarming to read that you enjoyed your stay with us. Thank you for sharing your experience about the ease of our location and about our really good staff. We look forward to welcoming you on a return stay if you do come back to San Diego. Best Regards,Grace GerzenGuest Relations Manager
After a substantial remodel in the lobby and front entry area, one would expect other amenities to match. Unfortunately this hotel seems to be slipping a bit. I've stayed at this hotel a couple dozen times and have experienced dated but comfortable rooms, very comfy beds and pillows and usually fully functioning amenities such as wifi, refrigerator and heat/AC. This trip the water temp was hot to very hot to scalding from both cold and hot water taps. The cold eventually would cool to a usable temperature. As many times as i've stayed here I'd never experienced that. Something definitely wrong somewhere. Also this is the second time the AC failed in the room. With outside temps into the 90's and very humid, my last night in this room was like a sauna. When I checked out the temp in the room was more than 80 degrees. The clerk at the desk said they'd experienced a 'failure' and they comped my parking...okay..nice but not quite the same thing. I've been staying more at Marriott properties in the area this year and will likely return as I've never remotely experienced anything like the above at the Fairfield or Courtyard.
Room was very nice, comfy bed, quiet, walking distance to attractions and the all inclusive breakfast was not just rolls and cereal. Little Itay is just a couple of blocks away and the Farmers Market on Saturday is fantastic!
not a bad place, but not so great, tiny parking garage, room cold water did not work, a/c was left off, had to cool down ourselves. fridge not on either. wi fi was really good. could walk to the beach from room in less than 10 mins. restaurant was not that great. it ok for a close to beach place and good view if you get that side, but some tall buildings did block some of it.Dear arthurc0, Thank you for taking time to provide us with detailed feedback that will allow us the opportunity to focus our efforts and achieve our goal to exceed the expectations of all of our guests. My apologies for the lack of cold water, our maintenance team has been informed to investigate this and we thank you for bringing this to our attention. We do strive to meet our goals as a green property with energy saving strategies and I apologize for any inconvenience this caused in regards to the refrigerator and air conditioning being off while not in use. Thank you for staying with us at the Best Western Plus Bayside Inn during your trip to San Diego and for sharing about our convenient location to the water and our bay views. Best Regards,Grace GerzenGuest Relations Manager
We visited San Diego as part of our tour of California. The hotel staff were very friendly, the hotel clean and facilities very good. Our room was at the back overlooking the harbour and the bugle calls from the navy ships was lovely to hear. We especially enjoyed the star spangled banner being played by the bugle this morning, very fitting on Memorial Day weekend. Thank you for choosing to stay with us at Best Western Plus Bayside Inn and sharing your feedback. We are pleased you enjoyed our facilities and the view. We are glad you were able to enjoy the Memorial Day weekend celebration at the bay! Thank you for sharing your kind words in regards to our friendly staff. We hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back!
Loved our stay at this hotel. The room was large and it had a microwave and a refrigerator. The location was right near Little Italy so there were plenty of eating options. It was only a short walk to the harbour, shopping centre, Gaslamp Quarter and trolley stops. The pool was nice and seldom used by the guests. We found it refreshing after sightseeing, as the tempereature when we were there was very hot. The rates of the hotel were also reasonable.The bed in the room was the most comfortable that I had slept in during our travels on the west coast. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone going to San Diego.Thank you for choosing to stay with us at Best Western Plus Bayside Inn. Thank you for highly recommending our hotel. We are please you felt our location is convenient to many things you experienced while in San Diego. Thank you for your feedback about our large rooms with microwaves and refrigerators. We try to ensure our guests have the comforts of home while traveling. We are glad you felt the pricing was reasonable and that our beds are the most comfortable you experienced during your west coast travels. We hope to have the opportunity to accommodate you again in the future. Best RegardsGrace GerzenGuest Relations Manager
I was in San Diego for work this past week and stayed at this hotel. Although I wasn't at the hotel very much throughout the week, I enjoyed my stay. The best thing about this hotel is its centralized location, where it it easy to walk to the waterfront, Little Italy, and Gaslamp. It's also not far from the airport - just a short shuttle or cab ride. The complementary breakfast each morning was great, and all staff were very friendly. I would recommend if you're looking for a clean, affordable hotel in a good location.
I chose this hotel because of its close proximity to the places we wanted to visit. It is conveniently located in the downtown area and within walking distance of several local attractions. (Which is important because parking is at a premium downtown.) For the location, the price was very reasonable. The hotel was clean and the staff courteous. The breakfast ended a little early for me, so I was unable to enjoy it. The pool area is small as is the parking garage. Overall, no big complaints, and I would consider it again if staying in the same area.Thank you for reviewing your stay with us at Best Western Plus Bayside Inn. We are please you felt our staff was courteous. Thank you for your feedback about our proximity to so much in downtown San Diego and the ease of walking to attractions. We are glad you felt our prices are reasonable and look forward to welcoming you back! Best RegardsGrace GerzenSales Manager
Abbiamo soggiornato 2 notti durante il nostro viaggio di nozze. Siamo stati un po' sfortunati sia per la camera, solo al secondo piano e vista strada sia per il fatto che dei lavori, indipendenti dall'hotel, hanno comportato l'interruzione della corrente per quasi tutta una notte. Nonostante questo il personale stato efficiente e disponibile offrendoci torce ed avvisando tutti con l'interfono in stanza di quando ci sarebbe stata l'interruzione. La stanza era grande e pulita, l'aria condizionata molto funzionale e finalmente silenziosa. Maggiore rispetto ad altri hotel la disponibilit di prodotti da bagno. Disponibilit di un grande frigorifero e di un forno a microonde. Ottimo il sonno, non si sentiva un rumore. La colazione era la classica continentale, buona ma migliorabile con pi scelte. Il parcheggio dell'hotel comodissimo e costa solo (non vi dico i prezzi che ho trovato a Chicago, Los Angeles o San Francisco) 14 a notte e noi l'abbiamo sfruttato a pieno. Abbiamo anche potuto usare un PC per gli ospiti. WiFi gratis e piuttosto veloce. Ottima la posizione centrale. Insomma difficile chiedere di pi. Consigliato!!Dear DanieleC8, Thank you for choosing to stay at Best Western Plus Bayside Inn during your trip to San Diego! We are pleased you felt the rooms are large, clean and the AC unit is quite. Thank you for your feedback about the 33 minute power shutdown while SDGE updated service in the downtown area and that our staff provided flashlights. We value the details you shared about your breakfast experience this information helps us continue to focus the growth of our buffet options for our guests. Thank you for your recommendation, we hope to have the opportunity to accommodate you again! Best Regards,Grace GerzenGuest Relations Manager
The hotel is located on the edge of downtown easy to navigate to and parking on site. It is located only a few blocks from the bay and the maritime museum. The indoor and outdoor pool are nice to just sit by the pool.
We would definitely recommend this hotel in downtown . The rooms are quite spacious with very comfortable beds and the very pleasant housekeeping staff keep the rooms spotless each day . In fact all the staff we came in contact with were most welcoming, friendly and knowledgable and a credit to Best Western. There is a free breakfast buffet which is a great plus to have before a day sightseeing and the staff there are also very pleasant and friendly. If you don't want to hire a car it is situated within walking distance (if you enjoy walking ) to the Harbor, little Italy , gas lamp quarter and Horton shopping plaza .We would most definitely stay here again on our return to San Diego .Thank you for staying with us at Best Western Plus Bayside Inn. We appreciate the time taken to provide a review of your stay with us and are pleased you felt it was an excellent stay. Our housekeeping team works hard and takes pride in their work so we are very thankful for your acknowledgment of their efforts! We hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back and thank you for recommending us.
This hotel is very good. It is in a great location and, for the price, you can't go wrong. The staff were very good and the breakfast was well stocked and tasty. The room was very clean and comfortable but the decor in the corridors was a little dated and depressing. This is only a very minor complaint and I would definitely stay here again. The front desk staff were very helpful and parking was easy - a multi-storey car park adjoins the hotel and was only 14 a night which was much cheaper than other downtown hotels I was looking at. All in all, I was very pleased.
Great hotel and great value for a stay in an excellent location just minutes from the seaport area and a short walk to downtown!Room was big and very clean, we had a high floor overlooking the bay with a small balcony which was fab for early evening drinks over the bay!Complimentary breakfast each day is a nice touch and plenty of it.The pool area with jaccuzzi is cool after a long day sightseeing in this wonderful city! No complaints, would stay again!!
We were pleased with the location of this hotel for its proximity to several neighborhoods and the reasonable parking fees provided in an attached and secure parking lot. Breakfast buffet is included and provided a decent selection to satisfy dietary needs. The room was clean and comfortable and I appreciated the secure elevator, requiring room key to access. The desk staff was pleasant and quite helpful. Overall, for an expensive city, this location offered a decent value for the area.
We have just stayed at the Best Western Bayside Inn for 3 nights on the first leg of our California road trip. We picked this hotel due to the price and reviews, knowing that we would have a little walk to the GasLamp quarter. However the hotel did not disappoint. As it suggests it is close to the bay (3blocks) and right next to Little Italy which has a great selection of restaurants for the evening. We were pleasantly surprised by the breakfast options and as long as you don't leave it too late you'll get a seat. The rooms are large(we had 2 kings) and all have balconies. There is a pool and jacuzzi off the lobby which seemed well used and clean. The only problem we had during our stay was the toilet not flushing, but when pointed out, this was fixed whilst we were at breakfast. We enjoyed our stay here and would recommend. 4 tips: when using the wifi, you need to log-in on your browser (for free) before you can use Facebook etc...and go to the Altitude bar at the top of the Marriott GasLamp for great views of Petco park and the bay (don't worry though as its free to go up and drinks didn't seem much more than in GasLamp generally...9.50 for glass of wine)....also go to Coronado if there's time, worth a trip... And finally it may start off grey but don't be fooled, it will brighten up.
We stayed for 2 nights and would love to go back. We were travelling with a tour and on arrival the hotel served us with a drink and fresh fruit and cheese and biscuits. I thought this was a lovely touch. We had breakfast each morning and got plenty. The staff were very friendly and the rooms were clean and comfortable. This hotel is right near the waterfront and there is lots to do nearby. I loved San Diego and would love to go back some day. I will stay here if I do.Thank you for taking time to review your stay with us at Best Western Plus Bayside Inn during your trip to San Diego. We are pleased you enjoyed the reception for your group in our Bayside Bar Grill Restaurant. Thank you for your kind words about our staff and rooms. We look forward to welcoming you back in the future. Best RegardsGrace GerzenGuest Relations Manager
The Best Western Bayside is a nice hotel that is reasonable and convenient to the airport, the bay, the train, gas lamp district, Little Italy,Seaport village, the Convention Center, Padres stadium and many other things.Dear kat4man4du, Thank you for choosing to stay with us at Best Western Plus Bayside Inn during your trip to San Diego. We are please to see you enjoyed our location to so much downtown San Diego has to offer. Thank you for you kind words, we hope to have the opportunity to accommodate you again. Best Regards,Grace GerzenGuest Relations Manager
We stayed a Saturday night at the Best Western Plus Bayside Inn during the Art Walk festival. Everything was super easy...parking, check-in, check-out, breakfast. Our bay view rooms had a great view of the bay and nice little balcony. The rooms were clean, recently refurbished, and had a great mini fridge. The pool area looked really nice but we did not take advantage of it. And the hotel is in a great location-right near the waterfront and Little Italy. We would definitely stay again.Thank you for choosing to stay with us at BW PLUS Bayside Inn while here for the Little Italy Art Festival. We are pleased you found everything to be super easy and enjoyed the view from your balcony. We hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back.
We are in San Diego for a week of sightseeing. I made reservations several months ago and all was well when we arrived. This hotel is only 3 blocks from the bay and 2 blocks from Little Italy. The room we had was just great with a very good view of the bay. Bed was very comfortable and there were many amenities. The room had a coffee maker, refrigerator, and a good TV. The breakfast was a hot buffet was also very good. This was a very good stay. They also have a shuttle to the cruise ship dock. This make this hotel a real winner.On behalf of our entire team, we thank you for the feedback regarding your recent stay with us at BW PLUS Bayside Inn. Thank you for sharing about how much you enjoyed the comfy beds and complimentary breakfast buffet. We are glad you had a very good stay and were able to get some rest and relaxation...We hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back the next time you visit San Diego!
Stayed early June for six nights and disappointed that pool was closed when I arrived and remained closed for the whole of my stay, as this was one of the reasons I choose this hotel, location being the other reason.I was then allocated a room on top floor and immediately noticed an irritating humming noise and I wondered if it might have been air con units on roof and rang down to reception. A maintenance guy came up and said that it was same on all floors - after putting up with this for two nights I checked out lower floors and found this was not the case!! I went to reception and they agreed to move me to a lower floor, which was much quieter.I have complained about these problems but response from hotel has been less than satisfactory!On the plus side the hotel is in an excellent location, five minutes walk from Amtrak station, five minutes walk from Little Italy, and less than 10 minutes walk from the Bay with all its attractions. Rooms are of a reasonable quality, with decent amenities, if a little tired. Reception staff were friendly and helpful. Breakfast was not great but was satisfactory and plentiful and staff were pleasant.
Stayed one night in July before leaving San Diego after daughter's wedding. It seemed more like a business hotel, which was fine for one night. Didn't use pool. Enjoyed the free hot buffet breakfast next door. Short drive or medium walk to Little Italy for dinner. Staff was very pleasant and helpful. Room was well-appointed and comfortable. We had a bay view on 14th floor which was great. Price was 170 plus fees thru BW website.
This Best Western is located in downtown San Diego within walking distance to the harbor. They have a free shuttle from the airport and one to Amtrak which is where we were traveling next. Our first room was next to the elevator and because I am a light sleeper I requested a new one. No problem. Our second room had a better view and we moved immediately upon request. The gentleman who drove us from the airport suggested numerous places to dine and we did go to one he suggested and it was great. The Fish Market restaurant. The hotel was in a great location, very clean, full buffet breakfast included in the cost of the room, and had comfortable beds. The cost was reasonable, but rates do go up during peak seasons.Dear tab555, Thank you for choosing to stay with us at Best Western Plus Bayside Inn. Thank you for taking time to review your stay. We are pleased to see that we were able to accommodate your request to move rooms and you enjoyed our location and breakfast. Our apologies for any inconvenience encountered in your first room due to the sound of the elevator. We hope to have the opportunity to accommodate you again in the future.Best Regards,Grace GerzenGuest Relations Manager
Everything we needed and good standard of cleanliness and service, no problems at all. Pool is a hole in the ground but fine for kids. Location is excellent, close to Little Italy which has numerous great restaurants and close to the harbor and great park for kids with fountains.Dear Sarah F, Thank you for reviewing your stay at Best Western Plus Bayside Inn. We are pleased to see you felt the standard of service was good. Thank you for your feedback about the pool which will be updated this fall. We hope to welcome you back as our guests in the future! Best Regards,Grace GerzenGuest Relations Manager
The rate was good, but I'd have paid more for a room that did not have patio doors whistling wind through them and a TV and remote that worked properly. Planned power outage during an entire night was acceptable and hotel did decent job of giving out flashlights and glowsticks, but did not tell us hot water would off in the morning. Restaurant did not honor breakfast vouchers toward an off the menu option even though value of breakfast buffet was listed on coupon. Excellent bed - one of the most comfortable beds I've slept on in a hotel recently. Also, great location near little Italy - lots of fun restaurants and bars.Thank you for reviewing your stay with us at Best Western Plus Bayside Inn. Please accept our apologies for any confusion about the breakfast and the TV remote difficulty. Our vouchers do not list a price or value because we give the buffet for free and specialty items from the menu are at an additional cost so we invite you to contact us directly to address your concerns. We apologize for any inconvenience caused by the cities electric company SDGE shutting the power down while they were making enhancements in the area. We are pleased you felt out bed is one of the most comfortable you have slept in and that you enjoyed the location.
Great place to stay, rooms had everything you would need in a nights stay. Clean, quiet and great views from either side of the building. And most important it was close to Amtrak, airport, the bay, gas lamp, freeway, Petco Park and a Rite aid to buy your beer. Will visit again.Dear Anthony P, Thank you for staying with us at the Best Western Plus Bayside Inn during your trip to San Diego. We are pleased to see that you enjoyed your stay with us and want to thank you for taking time to share so many details about your trip. We are happy to have provided you with a location near so much. We look forward to your next visit. Best Regards,Grace GerzenGuest Relations Manager
We stayed at the BW Bayside for 3 nights and found it friendly, comfortable and very accessible to the downtown area, Little Italy and the Bay area. The free breakfast was good and filled the void. We would stay there again, especially with complimentary shuttle service to and from the airport.
I stayed two nights mid-week in March. I didn't pay extra for the bay view but got it because just as we got in there was a large group of German tourists who just came in, which probably booked other rooms.The two queen beds were comfortable. and the pillows were nice and fluffy. In fact we saw many being replaced the day we checked in. (They were taking out old mattresses and bringing in new ones.) The amenities are good. A TV with cable, a fridge, microwave, and coffee maker made the fact that there's no continental breakfast easy, since there's a rite-aid down the street we bought hot-pockets and ate those in the morning. The view of the bay is amazing although it's true there is a concstruction sight to the right it's not very noticeable when you have the sun setting and the Star of India right in front of you.The pool isn't special and the jets on the hottub didn't work very well but the hottub was hot so that was nice after hours of walking. There are towels in the pool area which I also thought was nice. The constuction was not as noisy as people have said, although to be honest my friends and I left our room about 10:30 everyday and returned in the evening 6pm- midnight. Noise is a problem though as there is a railroad crossing a few blocks away, which you can hear clearly even with the balcony window shut. At night, cruise ships dock at the harbor which is also a few blocks away but the boats horn woke me and my friends up. This happened both nights we stayed and the second night two cruise ships came in so we were awakened twice that night!!! I can't imagine any of the other hotels in the area being any better though. There are hotels right across the street from the harbor which I think have to hear the same noise. I believe it's just a consequence of staying in a city.The area of the hotel isn't particularly nice, but it isn't particulary ghetto either. If you walk up India Street like 2 blocks there are a lot of nice little shops and places to eat and drink. (It's Little Italy) You can pretty much walk everywhere you want to go or take a cab - Horton Plaza to the hotel was 4. The parking lot is strangely full. I assumed many construction workers park thier cars there because once they were gone the parking lot cleared up a bit. The lack of an elevator in the parking lot is annoying because the stairs look gross. My friend drove down to the lobby, we took out the luggage and then she drove back up to find parking somewhere. 7 a night for parking is not bad at all, I'm surprised this is even a complaint. We didn't even use the car while in San Diego. We walked to the Harbor and took the Old Town Trolley hop on hop off tour that takes you pretty much everywhere you want to go in the city as a tourist.
Easy to get to from Interstate. Very good location for the front. Parking charge was reasonable and very useful. Good Amenities. The free full Breakfast was excellent and was one of the main reasons we booked this hotel as it gives you a good start to the day and saves having to find a place to eat in the morning so you can plan the day straight from leaving your hotel espescially if visiting the attractions.Excellent hotel rooms spacious clean and well kept.Dear Doc055, Thank you for taking time to review your stay with us at Best Western Plus Bayside Inn. We are pleased that you enjoyed our breakfast and it was excellent for you. Thank you for sharing that our parking price is reasonable and how easy we are to reach from the Interstate. We are thrilled that you feel we have an excellent hotel with spacious rooms that are clean and well kept. Best Regards,Grace GerzenGuest Relations Manager
As has been written in other reviews the higher bayside rooms do have a great view past the other buildings nearby. The location is good, within easy walking distance of the Star Princess and Midway museums, embarcardero and Little Italy. A cheap cab ride to downtown and the gaslight quarter. Our room was always clean, the beds were fine and the breakfast next door was on a par with most other hotels. I agree with other reviews that some of the desk staff are a bit surly. The Italian opposite the hotel is worth a visit if you want to eat locally. Remember to budget for the 14 a night parking feeThis is not a hotel to get excited about, but offers good value in a good location.Dear tedreg,Thank you for taking time to review your stay with us at Best Western Plus Bayside Inn during your trip to San Diego. We are please you felt the view of the bay from the rooms is great. We hope you will accept our sincere apologies for our front desk staff not exceeding your expectations, your feedback will help guide our training efforts. We are deeply regretful that we did not provide you with an exceptionally wonderful experience. Thank you for your honest feedback. We are glad you felt we offer a good value with a good location. Best Regards,Grace GerzenGuest Relations Manager
The Best Western was surprisingly quite an affordable hotel. The lobby looked like it was recently renovated, and the rooms did not appear to be dated. Beds were comfortable and the multiple amounts of pillows were fluffy. Rooms have a fridge and microwave. Location was pretty decent. Right in the middle of Little Italy and Gaslamp. Easily walking distance between the two.Big advantage they offer free airport pick-up and drop off (just call once you land at the San Diego airport). Also, they offered free breakfast which was pretty decent better than your average free breakfast (they had scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, muffins, oatmeal, toast, etc.). Front staff was friendly and helpful.Drawbacks morning coffee was horrible and their fruit selection was not only weak but the fruits were old, dried out and flavourless. But these drawbucks are not enough to not stay here again.Thank you for providing a detailed review of your stay with us at Best Western Plus Bayside Inn. We are pleased you found our pricing to be affordable and the beds were comfortable! We appreciate your feedback about the coffee and fruit, this will help us make improvements to our complimentary breakfast buffet for all of our guests. Thank you for sharing that you found the breakfast overall to be better than others and that our location worked so well for you. We are glad you would stay again and look forward to welcoming you back!
This was my first visit to SanDiego and I can see why people describe it as paradise, great weather, friendly people, safe, and walkable.The hotel is in a really good location, 10 minutes from the airport, 3 blocks to the bay and 1 block to little Italy.Check in was quick and easy and front desk staff friendly and helpful. The room was small but adequate with a balcony, fridge, comfortable bedding and beds. We also had a limited bay view. While there is a lot of construction going on, it was not distracting.Breakfast was in a restaurant down the street from the hotel. Hot and cold choices were plentiful and the service excellent.My only complaint is the condition of the carpet. It was very stained and really should be replaced (room 609).Thank you for choosing to stay with us while visiting San Diego! It is great to learn about your stay and how much you enjoyed the area. Thank you for letting us know about the carpet in your room so we may address it and we appreciate your feedback about the easy and quick check in. We hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back for another stay!
all you would expect at a good hotel. The building is old but well kept , has a nice convenient parking garage and breakfast room. The thermostat is a bit tricky at times ---ask for help at the desk to be sure you operate it properly.Thank you for staying at BW PLUS Bayside Inn. We are pleased you found our parking to be convenient and enjoyed the complimentary breakfast buffet too. Thank you for your feedback in regards to the thermostat and we appreciate your kind words about our well kept hotel.
We travelled from Pal Springs to San Diego as part of our road trip.The hotel is nice midrange and comfortable. It has a pool.but it is small as is the patio area. However.most guests are probably not coming for the pool. It's location is good.overall in terms of seeing San Diego but is surrounded by building work so is noisy day and night. The staff were friendly and helpful. Buffet breakfast is included and you can.park on site for a daily fee which is v handy.We went to old San Diego whichnis lovely and well worth a visit. On behalf of our entire team, we thank you for the feedback regarding your recent stay with us at BW PLUS Bayside Inn. Thank you for sharing about how much you enjoyed your road trip to San Diego and our location. We are glad you found our staff to be friendly and helpful too! We hope the nearby development was not too impactful on your overall stay with us... and hope to welcome you back the next time you visit San Diego!
Prior to our flight out of San Diego we stayed at another almost twice as expense hotel. My wife suggested that when we returned we stay at a Best Western as we have usually had a good experience with them at a much reduced price plus the membership and other money saving features are great. We checked into the Best Western Plus Bayside Inn and frankly were surprised on how nice it was as a reasonable price. Very clean entrance, plenty of parking, shuttle service and from the airport, train station, etc., breakfast included, dinner discounted 15 in their comfortable restaurant. A great complete menu and excellent service! Our room was on the 8th floor ocean view so we could see the bay and the square rigger Star of India along side the dock. Would recommend you get at least a 4th floor but higher is better. We had two queen sized beds which were very comfortable. An approximately 40 flat screen tv, coffee maker, microwave, refrigerator, ironing board and iron, hair drier, nice bathroom and fixtures. A small but usable balcony, internet service, desk and two chairs, closet, etc. ATM in lobby. Ice machines on 3rd, 6th 9th 12th floor. Vending machines in lobby. Late check-out service up to 4 PM which on top of a 12 o'clock usual check out time is fantastic for travelers! The smoking rooms are all on the 4th floor which made us happy. In other words at a very reasonable price one gets a lot of appreciated features. Apparently people from around the world have found it as we met a lot of people from Germany, South Korea, Taiwan, Japan, etc. It is just a few blocks from the water front and from the train station and about a mile from the airport so walking is practical.Dear lucklady15,Thank you so much for your positive review of our property. It pleases us greatly that you enjoyed your stay with us. We try to provide as many amenities as possible for our guests so that they feel at home while they are traveling, so we are glad that you were able to take advantage of and enjoy these amenities. We hope that if your future travels bring you back to San Diego, you will once again choose to stay with us at the Bayside Inn.
La relacin calidad precio es ptima. Adems el hotel est ubicado en una de las mejores zonas de San Diego (Little Italy) y muy cerca del aeropuerto. Tienen un servicio de shuttle gratuito para el aeropuerto.
I lived in San Diego for a time and wanted to stay downtown for a night. I booked this place because it was the cheapest near downtown. Location was good, but that was it. It was massively overpriced for what I got! Lobby being redone-it's a mess getting anywhere. Room is small and dated. It was clean and quiet though. Breakfast did not taste very good and was in a separate restaurant. I didn't even bother with the pool since it was in the middle of the building, didn't get any sun, extremely small, and right next to the makeshift lobby so every hotel patron could see you.I will spend a little more money next time to stay in a better location and better hotel.Thank you for taking time to review your stay with us at Best Western Plus Bayside Inn during your trip to San Diego. We are thankful for your feedback about our pool and your breakfast experience. Please accept our sincere apologies for any discomfort you experienced during our lobby remodel. We hope to have the opportunity to accommodate you in the future and we invite you to contact the management at the hotel directly should you consider staying with us again or if you would like to provide more details about your stay. Best Regards,Grace GerzenSales Manager
The hotel proximity was close to the Zoo and to the USS Midway which we were visiting. Downtown is a little exciting to maneuver around one-way streets but GPS helps. We arrived after sunset so it was difficult to find the entrance to their parking structure. It didn't help that a tour bus was blocking our view of the driveway. The staff was friendly and helpful and the room was tidy.Thank you for staying with us at Best Western Plus Bayside Inn. We are pleased that our proximity to the Zoo and Midway was convenient. Thank you for your feedback about finding the garage at night, this is useful information that we value and we are grateful for your kind words about our staff.Best RegardsGrace GerzenSales Manager
+ situation good Room spacious and satisfactory Pool and tub nice Breakfast good, hot and satisfactory On site resturant s very excellent in variety, quality and price Near tram station, rite aid pharmacy and little italy Nice cooperable crewThank you for staying with us at BW PLUS Bayside Inn while in San Diego. We appreciate your feedback in regards to our complimentary breakfast buffet and restaurant... we are so glad you really enjoyed dining with us. It is nice to know how well our location worked for your trip... we hope you had a fantastic time in San Diego!
We stayed at the BW+ Bayside for three nights following a cruise. Found the hotel perfectly situated for sightseeing in San Diego. Very close to waterfront attractions, restaurants, hop-on-hop-off trolley, train and transit station. Hotel offers complimentary shuttle to airport and cruise terminal - both just minutes away. Complimentary breakfast also. Very comfortable rooms. Heated outdoor pool and hot tub came in very handy after a day of walking around town. We would recommend this hotel easily.Jim D. Medford, MA
This hotel was everything good that I had read earlier on Trip Advisor. Located close to airport/cruise terminal and walking distance to many local site seeing places/or Trolley service. The rite aid drug store about 1 block away was great. Free shuttle and breakfast was great. The shuttle to cruise terminal needs improvement.
Es una buena opcin para hospedarte en San Diego. La relacin calidad precio es la adecuada, Tiene una excelente ubicacin, El personal es muy amable y la habitaciones que me asignaron tenia una preciosa vista a la baha. Volvera a hospedarme en este hotel.Thank you for choosing to stay with us at Best Western Plus Bayside Inn. We are pleased you felt the view of the bay from your room was excellent and we thank you for your feedback about our friendly staff. We look forward to welcoming you back!
I stayed for four nights. The staff is great. The room is not up to date furnishings but very functional and everything is clean and solid. The bathroom was spotless. I had a suite with so much space, a couch, desk, fridge, coffeemaker, comfortable chair, good internet and large tv with good cable package. The breakfast is basic (pancakes, scrambled eggs, sausages, plus assorted breads, cereals, juices, coffees and so on) but the ingredients are all fresh and taste good. Their restaurant is very nice, the staff just incredibly friendly with actual good service. Plus the dinners were good deals for the price. There is a smaller room of a fitness center, but there is a treadmill, cross-trainer etc. and equipment feels new and the room is well designed with all the details. Didn't use the pool and jacuzzi this trip. The hotel is located in a quiet section of downtown, which is great concerning noise, but means walking a good 15 min to get to either Gaslamp area or any direction really. A car makes sense in this area. The train station is nearby as well, but the hotel was nice enough to offer a free ride to it on our check-out day. The only issue ahead is a corner now just finished digging for a new condo building. Once that gets up in floors it may be noisy for a while. But now now.
Location is the draw for this hotel. It has been remolded and is clean. For the price it was a disappointing. We were first given a room next to an elevator and overlooking the parking garage, we requested a room away from the elevator and were given a room next to the parking garage. The bed was good, TV was large, hot water was very very hot, watch out for this.Nice breakfast hot and cold choices.We were there on a weekend and there was no close place to have a libation after a long trip. The city is pretty quiet in this area during the weekend.However, you can walk to Little Italy and I'm sure there is refreshment there. I had not realized there would be a fourteen dollar charge per night parking and a required twenty dollar deposit for incidentals, usually hotels just ask to use the credit card on file--I think it was just the way they verbalized this that made me wonder. Great shuttle service to our harbor dinner cruise. Friendly driver, saved us from the hassle of finding and paying for parking..
This place is a fantastic deal. It seems like the common areas have recently been renovated. The staff was absolutely wonderful and the amenities are pretty good. There is a hot tub, heated pool, fitness center, and continental breakfast. The breakfast was pretty standard, nothing special. My only complaint about this place is the cramped parking lot with no elevators. Otherwise my family and I truly enjoyed our stay and felt very comfortable here. I would definitely recommend it!
Overall this is a good place to stay. The staff are attentive and provide some nice extras. It has an adjoining restaurant that provided drinks and good meals. But we had some trouble with devices not working well, such as the air-conditioning not keeping room cool enough, the refrigerator also not being very cold, and the TV remote barely working.
You can't beat the location of this Best Western. Quick cab ride from the airport or from/to the cruise port. There is a shuttle service which we used from the hotel to the airport for a 7:30am departure. Shuttle arrived on-time and driver was super friendly and helpful even at that early hour. We did not use the shuttle from the airport to the hotel. Unfortunately, we did not realise until we had walked over the pedestrian walkway from the airport terminal to the shuttle stop that the courtesy 'phones were back in the terminal. So, after waiting a short while, we decided to just grab a cab - the cabs line up directly across from the shuttle bus stopping area. Check-in was friendly and efficient and even though we had arrived mid morning, the gal was only too pleased to provide us with a room that was ready along with a discount voucher for the restaurant next door and a free breakfast coupon.Reception has lots of seating available and there is a computer with printer available for free use either to do your airport check-in or surf the web.Room was lovely. Chest of drawers, tv, coffee maker, fridge and microwave, a couple of chairs and office desk and very comfortable bed. Loved the q-tips and cotton buds in the bathroom along with other standard items.Service by everyone was wonderful. Super friendly staff, room attendants and maintenance guys too. The free-Wifi connection was excellent both in the room, on it's balcony and down by the pool.The pool, though small was very clean, lots of towels were available and has chairs, umbrellas, loungers and tables as well as a soda and beer/wine dispenser.As mentioned, the location is perfect. It is easy to walk to the waterfront and there are plenty of shops, restaurants bars and cafes etc. in and around the hotel. The attached restaurant where the free breakfast (we didn't take the breakfast on this occasion) is served, provides excellent service a menu with lots of choices and the food was excellent and in very large portions!The wakeup call we had scheduled and the shuttle we arranged for an early morning departure were on-time and checkout was fast and friendly.Definitely would stay here again for a pre/post cruise or airport stopover and it would be okay for a longer stay too.
A 25 min walk from the San Diego convention center, this hotel provides clean, spacious rooms a modest gym and a more than adequate breakfast at a quite location. It is a great value for those that don't need to be right in downtown.On behalf of our entire team, we thank you for the feedback regarding your recent stay with us at BW PLUS Bayside Inn. Thank you for sharing about how much you enjoyed our location and complimentary breakfast buffet. We are happy you were able to save some by staying with us too. We hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back the next time you visit San Diego!
We stayed in the BW Plus Bayside for 4 nights in August. For us the hotel was in a great position. It was a short walk from the Sante Fe station, a short walk to the Westfield Mall and the Gaslight Quarter, a very short walk to Little Italy and a 20 minute walk from Petco Park. We took a bus to the San Diego Zoo from the Sante Fe station. San Diego is a lovely city for sightseeing and getting around easily.The hotel was lovely, we had a room overlooking the harbour. The bed was large and very comfortable. The pillows were also good. It was always clean.Breakfast is served in the next door restaurant and we found this to be good. Always got a table. The buffet items were plentiful and we have no complaints. It saved us trying to buy breakfast at extortionate rates elsewhere. The staff were all happy and helpful. We would stay here again the next time we visit.Thank you for reviewing your stay at Best Western Plus Bayside Inn. We are pleased you enjoyed our proximity to: the mall, train station, Little Italy the Gaslamp District! Seems like you had a great time exploring downtown San Diego. We are glad you enjoyed our complimentary breakfast buffet and comfortable bedding... we look forward to welcoming you back!
This is an average business hotel in downtown San Diego. It is handily placed for the local maritime attractions. Breakfast was included in the room rate and again was average. So if you are on a budget then this is a decent hotel and if you are not then why would you stay here!
Booked a group of rooms, about 25 rooms in July. Literally checked in on their grand opening (from Portofino to Hilton Garden Inn). There were some technical issues with booking system as confirmations were being transferred over and some were lost. The staff did the best they could and worked with our group. Honestly, it was the employees that saved the day. They were all very personable, helpful and did everything to ease their remodel transition. Rooms are all newly upgraded and served our needs. Pool a little small but the kids loved it. Breakfast was great and bartender was awesome in the evening. Location in walking distance to food and gas if you're traveling. You're only 10 to 15 minutes away from tourist attractions and easy access to the freeway. Great location away from downtown but very close. Love the fact that they're family friendly. We'll be back.Dear svcager,Thank you for your kind words and feedback, we truly appreciate all of your comments! We are glad to hear that you enjoyed the service you received and location of our hotel. We hope that you decide to return for another visit any time you are in the area! We would love to become one of your usual places when your commute brings you down to San Diego!Sincerely,Sammie
My room was very comfortable with the exception of the bathroom. More counter space was needed and the faucets were located too far back from the edge of the sink therefore, when the water was turned on to wash your hands or face, water went all over the sink. That was very annoying. Dear mcneisgs, Thank you for taking the time to share your experience about your recent stay at our hotel. You are among our most valued guests. We sincerely appreciate your feedback and we are very sorry we did not exceed your expectations concerning our bathrooms. Your comments will help us as we continually work to improve our guest experience. We hope you will consider staying with us again in the future. At Hilton Garden Inn, we promise to do whatever it takes to ensure you are satisfied. You Can Count On Us. Guaranteed.Sincerely, Sammie.
This was a great hotel, very clean and modern. Staff was great, and we selected it based on location (outside the city). Would recommend it to anyone. It was also cheaper than the other area-based Hiltons.Dear Mary P,Thank you for taking the time to leave an excellent 5 star review regarding your recent stay with us. I am happy to hear that you were able to enjoy our hotel in terms of service and location. We look forward to welcoming you back in the future!Sincerely,Sammie
Very good hotel, the computer system was down when trying to check in and we also had no door keys to rooms, which made it hard to to leave the room. I had to keep asking the staff to open my room door! However it was a good stay. Dear 170rigobertoh,Thank you for taking the time to provide feedback about your recent stay with us. I sincerely apologize for any inconvenience caused with our computer system being down, affecting our ability to make room keys. I am pleased to hear that you were still able to enjoy your stay. We home you can return for another visit so we can show you an even better experience! Sincerely,Sammie
Nice rooms. Gorgeous bathroom . convenient breakfast buffet (not free) but tasty. Restaurant with a bar was convenient as well. Did not have dinner there, but did grab a beer. Also enjoyed the hot tub and pool.Dear Lori698,Thank you for taking a moment to share your experience. I am happy to hear you found the hotel to your liking. We look forward to welcoming you back to our hotel in the future. Our goal is to make your stay better and brighter. If something isn't just the way you like it, simply let any Team Member know, and we will make it right. Guaranteed.Rosie SaoudaFront Desk Supervisor
Great Place to stay for business... on site restaurant and bar... convenient location near lots of other services, and close to the freeway (without the freeway noise). Parking is a bit tight, and has a fee, but everything else is great. Friendly staff at front desk and restaurant. Dear suefguest,Thank you for taking the time to provide us with valuable feedback about your recent stay with us. We appreciate you as our guest and are happy to hear your stay with us was great. We would love to become one of your usual places when your commute brings you down to San Diego!Sincerely, Sammie.
I was there for a Hampton Inn General Managers convention. From the time I checked until the time I left, I had one of the best hotel experiences ever! The staff was superb - the breakfast was fantastic and all of the staff was so friendly and accommodating!!Dear dmireault54,Thank you so much for your excellent review of the Hilton Garden Inn Mission Valley Stadium in San Diego! The entire staff here thanks you so much for the wonderful shout out given to us in your review. We definitely pride ourselves on the intangibles, such as genuine customer service. You can definitely try to operate a hotel, but if you do not have the right personnel then it is a very difficult task! I cannot thank my team enough for all of their efforts as I know without them, we would not have our success. We look forward to being your choice hotel whenever you visit San Diego, so please let us know when you will be returning so we can continue to provide you with exceptional service!Sincerely, Rosie Saouda On behalf of YY
Staff and Housekeeping top notch / Hilton quality. Room was horrible. I could hear every bodily function, every phone call, every conversation, every tv program in the room next to me. To make matters worse I think it was a Hilton Employee staying there. Be sure to request a room that DOES NOT have adjoining doors. Also, this is not a beach area. Should not have to pay to park.Dear paulwake23,Were sorry we were not able to provide you with a satisfactory experience during your recent stay. Your satisfaction is very important to us and we appreciate your feedback about the noise disturbances encountered. We will work with our team to alleviate these situations for future guests. We hope you will consider staying with us again.
Fun under the Sun! The weather is great and the food is awesome. Try visiting Old Town and the US Midway musium. La Jolla beach is one of the best beaches in Southern California. Try avoiding LA and the trafic.Dear Rabii B, Thank you for your kind words and feedback! We are glad to hear that you enjoyed your experience at our location. We hope that you decide to return for another visit any time you are in the area! We would love to become one of your usual places when your commute brings you down to San Diego!Sincerely, Sammie
Hilton Garden Inn Mission Valley is in a great location. Easy access to all that San Diego has to offer. I'd stay there again. The parking spaces are a bit small, but there were plenty of space. Overall, good stay.Dear danrE1258VG, Thank you so much for taking the time to write a review about our hotel. We appreciate you as our guest and are happy to hear your stay with us was great. We are a perfectly located hotel as stated in your review and allow for huge savings to families who chose not to stay in the downtown area of San Diego. We are a convenient drive to just about anything San Diego has to offer without having to commit to one way traffic in a busy city center. We look forward to serving you in your future if your needs bring you back to San Diego.Sincerely, Sammie
When I called into the customer service number to initially make my reservation for my stay, I was quoted a price of 134USD plus taxes. I repeatedly asked the customer service rep the price and he repeatedly answered 134USD plus tax. However, when I arrived at the hotel two days later I was charged 149USD plus tax. I have called customer service 4 times to explain my situation and to get an understanding of why I was overcharged at the hotel, however, I am to this day unable to find a manager at the call center to solve my discrepancy. I explained my situation at the hotel yet they refused to listen and explained that I would have to call customer service. On top of all this, I asked if I would be able to do a late checkout at 2 pm and the front desk attendant responded that I would have to be charged an extra 25 dollars. I was given a king suite and it had a shared door with another room. There was noise coming from the next room though out the night, and it was as if the other people were in the same room as me.My experience definitely did not live up to the Hilton standards that I once knew. Nor my standards for that matter.Hi Roving,Thank you for sharing your experience, I have revised your reservation and it appears that it was booked as a breakfast package. In this case, the rate goes up by every occupant in the room and it appears it was changed from one guest to two guests. I due apologize that we did not exceeded your expectations during your stay, if there is anything else I can do for you please don't hesitate to call (858) 278 9300 ext 0Thank you for staying with us and we hope we can serve you in the future.Happy Holidays!
Great size room! Very clean and modern. Loved the shower. Would've liked a room further away from the elevators since walls are super thin and you can hear everyone walking by and slamming doors! Overall good hotel and a great stay!Dear 883anelr,Thank you for taking the time to share your experience about your recent stay at our hotel. We know how important a good nights sleep is and I sincerely apologize for the noise issue encountered during your stay. I will address your feedback with our team. If there is anything else I can do for you at this time, please contact me. We hope you will consider staying with us again in the future. Our goal is to make your stay better and brighter. Sincerely, Sammie
This hotel was recently renovated and they did an awesome job. Updated and modern yet welcoming and comfortable. Since I was there on business I didn't use the pool or work out facility, but the bar and restaurant is fantastic...everyone is super friendly. Walking distance to an amazing Italian restaurant and gas station for quick provisions if need be. Thumbs up!Dear Kara M C,Thank you for your kind words and feedback, we truly appreciate all of your comments! I am pleased to hear that you like the new design of our remodel and that you were able to enjoy our restaurant/bar as well as the nearby provisions. We hope that you decide to return for another visit any time you are in the area! We would love to become one of your usual places when your commute brings you down to San Diego!Sincerely,Sammie
A great one night stay at this HGI in San Diego. The hotel was conveniently located, the rooms were clean and I had an amazing breakfast during my stay. I highly recommend this property to anyone looking for a great value!Dear Rob H,Thank you so much for taking the time to write a review about our hotel. We appreciate you as our guest and are happy to hear your stay with us was great. We are a perfectly located hotel as stated in your review and allow for huge savings to families who chose not to stay in the downtown area of San Diego. We are a convenient drive to just about anything San Diego has to offer without having to commit to one way traffic in a busy city center. We look forward to serving you in your future if your needs bring you back to San Diego.Rosie Saouda on behalf of the FOM
Trip was a great and relaxing for the weekend stay. Overall cleanliness of the place was really good. Services were in point and it's really a gem for such a location thats close to walmart, payless, and fast food chains. Also, public transportation leaves you really close to the hotel.Thank you for your kind words and feedback, we truly appreciate all of your comments! We are glad to hear that you enjoyed your experience at our location as well the service you received. I will be sure to share your comments with our management team. We hope that you decide to return for another visit any time you are in the area! We would love to become one of your usual places when your commute brings you down to San Diego!
We had booked a one night stay and checked in around 6pm after getting through heavy traffic coming from Los Angeles. The outdoor car park was nearly full, but we were lucky and found a parking spot in the basement floor of the building with a short walk to the elevator.Sammy, lovely lady, checked us in very cheerfully and efficiently into our top floor room at one end of the building. She told us our rooms were renovated in July.The room was very upmarket, spacious, clean with a good sofa bed. The room has all the usual HGI equipment and amenities. The bathroom was clean and bright with an excellent glass shower cubicle. Everything worked well.We had a very good sleep. We had breakfast at 6am before heading out to our early meeting. The restaurant was empty, service and attention by Anai was terrific. The buffet breakfast was very, very good with a good selection of fresh fruits and the cook to order hot food. We decided to stay an extra night, once we worked out that by the time we finished our meetings on the that day, traffic could be heavy heading back to LA in the afternoon. A very helpful Ruben added the extra night stay for us in the same room.The location of the hotel is also very good with restaurants within walking distance, a Walmart, Fry's, etc., just up the road. And more restaurants along Balboa Avenue about a mile away. Traffic did get very heavy in the area, particularly along Interstate 15 during peak hours to get to the hotel.We love our stay.Dear H L, Thank you for your great comments and feedback! We are glad to hear that you enjoyed your experience at our location as well the service you received from our staff. I will be sure to share your comments with these individuals as well as our management team. We hope that you decide to return for another visit any time you are in the area! We would love to become one of your usual places when your commute brings you down to San Diego!Sincerely,Sammie
Excellent staff, especially Alexis Jannete at the front desk, House Keeping staff Maintence were GREAT, also. The accomdations were good, but somewhat pricey...Over-all we were treated like a long loss family member returning home. We will use this hotel again, when we visit our Grand-Children, who just so happen to live in San Diego now!Dear 245clarencek,Thank you for taking the time to complete our survey, we truly appreciate your effort. Thank you for your kind words about Alexis and Jannete, it is a true pleasure working with them! We hope that you will return for another visit the next time you are in our area!Sincerely, Sammie,
Overall evaluation was very good. Stayed here to be close to the stadium for a football game. A recent renovation made for some nice rooms with modern amenities. My only complaint was the parking. It's limited and if the have any groups at the hotel then you're parking in side streets. When I was there they had the parking garage closed for steam cleaning and striping. Had to walk in from very dark side streets each night...not a safe situation. They wanted to still charge for parking each night even when we parked off site. Overall a good visit, great rooms and staff.Dear YankeeOne,Thank you so much for taking the time to leave a review about your recent stay with us. I sincerely apologize for the difficult parking situation that you experienced while staying with us. Your feedback is greatly appreciated as we are continuously striving to better our guests' experience. I am so happy to hear that your overall experience was still a pleasant one. We look forward to serving you again in the future! :)Sincerely,Sammie
Great experience! We did arrive extremely late for check in and at not point did the customer service level suffer because it was 4 am in the morning. I recall pointing this out to my boyfriend! I would definitely stay at this location again!Dear V4274AVjacquelines, Thank you for your kind words and feedback, we truly appreciate all of your comments! We are glad to hear that you enjoyed your experience at our location as well the service you received from our Front Desk Manager. I will be sure to share your comments with her directly along with our management team. We hope that you decide to return for another visit any time you are in the area! We would love to become one of your usual places when your commute brings you down to San Diego!Sincerel, Sammie
I can't begin to say how great the staff is here. They are tops in the industry. The bar staff and the restaurant staff are absolutely the best. The front desk girls.....What can I say. They are the reason I keep staying here. They only down side is the bar prices are ridiculous. The menu never changes. Would be nice to have a special food item to change things up. Also, it would be nice to change up the breakfast menu. The sales staff is very accommodating and top of their field. So this place is an amazing place where you can trust the staff to help you in anyway. Dear shawnlaret,Thank you so much for your excellent review of the Hilton garden Inn Mission Valley San Diego Stadium! The entire staff here thanks you so much for the wonderful shout out given to us in your review. You can definitely try to operate a hotel, but if you do not have the right personnel then it is a very difficult task! I cannot thank my team enough for all of their efforts as I know without them, we would not have our success. We look forward to being your choice hotel whenever you visit San Diego, so please let us know when you will be returning so we can continue to provide you with exceptional service!Sincerely Sammie
Came here for an overnighter. As HHonors members, we got the smallest odd room 239, an angled room with an unsightly view of the buildings rooftop equipment. Walls were very thin so we could here the people next door talking and watching tv. Was not a bad experience but was not a great one either. The room was nice but cramp. Microwave and fridge in the room but was not used. Not bad for overnight but go somewhere else if you intend to stsy for a long weekend. I thought as a HHonors i would get just a bit better room but thats not the case. I stayed at a Hilton property near this one also about 3weeks prior and again, i got one if the worst rooms with the worst view of homeless people outside our window. HHonors doesn't jack to us. Dear 53wohoo,Thank you for taking the time to provided feedback about your recent stay with us. We strive to make every guests' stay a pleasant one from check-in to departure through quality service and amenities, and we regret this was not your impression. We will use your comments as part of our ongoing service training and hope you will give us another opportunity to show you the quality stay you deserve should you return to our area in the future.Sincerely,Sammie
Short get away and first time at hotel. Enjoyed stay and easy in and out and close to elevators. Parking first time in was somewhat confusing but overall ok once seeing overall structure. We always enjoy the high standard of Hilton hotelsDear U4720JRjimw,Thank you for your kind words and feedback, we truly appreciate all of your comments! We are glad to hear that you enjoyed your experience at our location. We hope that you decide to return for another visit any time you are in the area! We would love to become one of your usual places when your commute brings you down to San Diego!Sincerely, Sammie
This hotel is nice with clean rooms. My kids enjoyed the pool. There is eating places right next to the hotel within walking distance. If you want to drive up the street there is more eating places and Walmart.
Depending on your needs this hotel is fine. The pluses are that it is recently remodeled and the dinner menu is really nice and that food is good. The negatives are the breakfast buffet is really anemic, not like any other Hilton Garden Inn I've stayed at before. The parking is awful and expensive, I did not notice that there was a fee for parking on the website but it might have been there. The hotel, for having been recently remodeled, is clean, the rooms were a little less clean.Dear Guest, Thank you for taking the time to provide us with valuable feedback about your recent stay with us. I sincerely apologize for the inconvenience of the breakfast buffet and the parking fee. Parking is a premium in San Diego and we charge this fee to ensure we are able to guarantee a safe and secure parking space for our hotel guests. We do make sure to post it on all of our websites as it is not our goal to catch our guests by surprise with this extra fee. I am glad to see that you were happy with the overall accommodations and service that you received! If there is anything else that I may do for you at this time please feel free to reach out to me.Sincerely, Sammie,
Stayed at this location last year and it was under a management change. Showed up this year and it was totally remodeled! Rooms were great, food really good and nice amenities. Drinks/beers were over priced and no happy hour, but other than that we were very happy overall!Dear Kristis11205,Thank you for taking the time to provide a feedback about your recent stay at our hotel. We appreciate your time and effort. I am glad you liked the hotel remodeling. I sincerely apologize for the bar prices. I have communicated your comments to our management team and I am happy to let you know that now we have happy hour in the bar from 5:00 PM to 6:30 PM. We want you as our loyal guest and appreciate you bringing this to our attention. Thank you again for taking the time to give us your feedback. Sincerely Sammie.
Its was great I will recommend this to other people. Once they finish upgrading the lobby it will even be better. The room and the fitness center was very clean.. They even had earphone for you to listen the the music or television so no one could hear it.Dear William W,Thank you for your kind words and feedback! We truly appreciate all of your comments! We are glad to hear that you enjoyed your experience at our location. We wish to see you soon. At Hilton Garden Inn, we promise to do whatever it takes to ensure you are satisfied. You Can Count On Us. Guaranteed.Sincerely,Sammie
I stay at the hotel for work and was here over Thanksgiving. My stay was very comfortable as always. I had one of the best Thanksgiving meals ever at this hotel! Such pleasant staff and the meal was absolutely delicious! My Thanksgiving away from family was not as bad as I thought it was going to be. I was treated like family! Dear Khprettywoman,Thank you for your kind words and feedback, we truly appreciate all of your comments! We are glad to hear that you enjoyed your experience at our location. We hope that you decide to return for another visit any time you are in the area! We would love to become one of your usual places when your commute brings you down to San Diego!Sincerely, Sammie
The staff was amazing and very professional. Even though it was a busy weekend with a lot of guests my room was exceptionally quiet and I was able to rest and recharge while in my room. I'd definitely stay here again.Dear Resort 47331652470,I want to thank you for your comments regarding your experience that you had at our hotel. The comfort of our guests is the focal point of our operations in order to continue providing our guests with a great experience. We are happy to hear you enjoyed your stay with us and look forward to serving you in the future.Warmly,Rosie Saouda on Behalf of our FOM
Went to San Diego to drop our daughter off at college. Hilton Garden Inn was by far the best value. We stayed three nights. Centrally located, quite, freeway accessible and a great staff. Room was large as we had four in our family. Pool and workout space were great. Ate two nights at the restrauant as we were so busy. Happy hour was a little expensive but not compared to other hotels I guess. Will be back. Dear Joe F, Thank you for your wonderful review of the Hilton Garden Inn San Diego Mission Valley Stadium! We are so proud to have a great team of associates who are eager to provide our guests with top notch service. We hope to become your favorite destination when your business or leisure bring you to San Diego! Take care till next time!Warm regards,Sammie
If you are looking to vacation with your family or just need a place to stay I highly recommend this hotel. The service was amazing. The room was super clean and comfortable. Parking was not bad and both elevators worked. Dear gloriachernandez23, Thank you for your kind words and feedback, we truly appreciate all of your comments! We are glad to hear that you enjoyed your experience at our location. We hope that you decide to return for another visit any time you are in the area! We would love to become one of your usual places when your commute brings you down to San Diego!Sammie Chapman
This hotel is FABULOUS! Newly remodeled and soooo clean!!! The best part of this hotel is the staff inside of it!!!! They are the heart and soul of this hotel!!!! You feel as though you are a family member! Dear Lacometti,Thank you for your wonderful review of the Hilton Garden Inn Mission Valley Stadium in San Diego! We are so proud to have a great team of associates who are eager to provide our guests with top notch service. We hope you will be able to come back and visit or if you have friends or family visiting you, we would be gracious to have them as our honored guests as well. Please take care until next time!Warm regards,Sammie.
We loved our stay here. The staff was amazing and accommodating. We enjoyed dinner at the restaurant a few nights and the food was very tasty. The pool was also nice and my boys enjoyed having it to themselves most nights. We will definitely return when traveling to San Diego. Dear Alexis W, Thank you for taking a moment to share your experience. I am happy to hear you found the hotel, staff services' and the amenities to your liking. We look forward to welcoming you back to our hotel in the future. At Hilton Garden Inn, we promise to do whatever it takes to ensure you are satisfied. You Can Count On Us. Guaranteed.Sincerely, Sammie
I loved this hotel. Its kind of hidden away and its next to a jack in the box but its totally secluded from the rest of the places in that shopping area. I would really recomend this hotel to eveeyone. Great deal for the money. Why i gave it a four star was because breakfast sucked. Payed for a biffet and food was cold. And it was expensive. Rooms were accomodating. Parking lot is a bit small but never had a problem finding a spot. Half is in the parking garage ans half outside. Clean and nice rooms.Dear bevo15, Thank you so much for your feedback regarding your experience with breakfast. It is feedback like yours that is so valuable to enhance our experience. I will share your comments with our Food and Beverage Manager. I am happy that you loved the hotel location and the rest of our amenities. We hope you will consider staying with us again in the future. At Hilton Garden Inn, we promise to do whatever it takes to ensure you are satisfied. You Can Count On Us. Guaranteed.Sincerely, Sammie
I enjoy staying at this hotel. The location is convenient the only thing I wish you offered is a Happy Hour. The drinks are too expensive for the atmosphere (no oceanview). After a long day, it would be nice to have a few drinks and appetizers which would probably turn into dinner. Thus, more revenue for your hotel and tips for Michelle who is always professional and a welcoming smile after a long day. Front service desk persons are wonderful and always try to accommodate our needs.mlDear sealbeachml,Thank you for taking the time to complete our survey, we truly appreciate your effort. And thank you for your kind words about the Front desk and Michelle the bartender, it is a true pleasure working with her! By the way we now have Happy Hour in the bar on drinks and appetizers. We hope that you will return for another visit the next time you are in our area!Sincerely, Sammie.
This was an excellent location and the facilities were great. Elevators do need to be updated and serviced. I like the covered parking area and the security of the rooms. Very modern facility with updated technology conveniences. Dear Guest, Thank you for your kind words and feedback, we truly appreciate all of your comments! We are glad to hear that you enjoyed your experience at our location. We are going to check our elevators before your next visit. We hope that you decide to return for another visit any time you are in the area! We would love to become one of your usual places when your commute brings you down to San Diego!Sincerely, Sammie
Needed a place to stay overnight while visiting family and was looking for a motel that allowed pets. Read reviews and it sounded like something we were looking for at a reasonable price. It was set back away from the main road which made it...More
No other hotels near here but excellent location. Only 20 easy minutes to downtown. Just off the freeway, but located back on a golf course so it's very quiet. Low cost in Hilton points on our free stay! Very friendly staff. Breakfast is confused and overpriced and stingy on the bacon. Hotel is in pretty good shape, not 4 stars... More
Our stay was fine. Room was old but it's okay. We had a view of the backyard with trees and with other rooms from the opposite building. It felt very dry though. I wish they had some humidifier in the room. Every time I touched...More
This is a small motel with 9 or 10 rooms. They are all clean and well kept. The small staff were very accommodating to our needs and made our stay very pleasant. The A/C worked well as it was very hot.
The overall atmosphere was quaint and appealing. The cleanliness was overall acceptable which is my number one priority, however the bathroom has obviously had water damage and smelled pretty bad. The shower head is only about five feet tall and the actual shower is very small. There was a nail or tack sticking up on the floor right in front... More
We had our annual Christmas Banquet at the RB Hilton Garden Inn this year. The coordinator Linda was thoroughly helpful through the entire experience! Compared to other banquet halls near by, this was by far the most affordable. We had a lovely banquet highly recommend Linda her staff.Hello themissionpeople,Thank you very much for your kind words and we are thrilled you enjoyed your banquet here with us! Our meeting space and catering are one of the best kept secrets in this area and we're happy you found us and Linda took great care of you! We look forward to taking care to all your future meeting needs and stays!At Your Service,Shane DustinGeneral ManagerShane.DustinHilton.com
The hotel facilitated my group very well. Hotel staff was friendly said hello each time we entered the front lobby and helpful when asked a question. The location was really convenient to our destination. Room service staff was excellent and efficient. Food was good.Your kind words and acknowledgments mean the world to us! We are here for you! Thank you and come see us again soon!
Rosie at the front desk, Rodalyn and Boriana at the bar and restaurant provided the most excellent service. Highly recommend this hotel, location, and especially the wonderful staff! I would stay here again, no doubt about it! Stayed on long business trip and they always wanted to ensure everything I was satisfied with everything.Our business travelers are such a value to our success, and we are so pleased to hear that our team made you feel welcome during your long stay with us. We will definitely share your positive comments with Rodalyn, Boriana, and Rosie. Thank you for your review and we look forward to your next stay with us!
The hotel is clean, staff are friendly and accommodating. The rooms are spacious. We live the lobby, we gathered there, enjoyed happy hour and it is very nicely decorated. Under ground gated parking made us feel secure about our car overnight!Thank you for the great remarks about your experience with us! We hope to see you again soon!Thank you and we hope to see you again soon!Shane Dustin General ManagerHILTON GARDEN INN RANCHO BERNARDOt: +1 858 946 1054 f: +1 858 676-1880
A typical business hotel. Everything you may need is available. But not charming at all. I needed a while to find the hotel, because it is hard to find by night. I stayed there for 2 nights and I will never come back. Please clean the windows and the rooms, everything is real dirty.Thank you for your feedback Christian K as it is imperative to our hotels success!I am sorry you found your windows and room cleanliness unacceptable and will address this with the team immediately. Our team works very hard to keep every room and bathroom clean we strive to exceed expectations every day. Please accept my sincere apologies for not meeting your expectations and know I will address your feedback directly with our team. If there is anything else I can do for you, please contact me at the phone number or email below. We hope you will consider staying with us again in the future. At Hilton Garden Inn, we promise to do whatever it takes to ensure you are satisfied. You Can Count On Us. Guaranteed.Sincerely,Shane DustinFront Office ManagerHilton Garden InnShane.Dustinhilton.com 858-946-1043
Stay in this hotel for one night because of a business meeting close-by.Pros:1. Free Wi-Fi and wire internet connection with reasonably connection speed. 2. Though the fitness room is small, it does equip with enough equipments for a great workout.3. Breakfast is nice, especially on the cook-to-order omelette.4. The lobby has recently been reinnovated, which looks very nice and makes you feel at home.5. There is a complimentary shuttle to anywhere within 5-mile radius. It's excellent.Cons:1. My room is on 2nd floor but it's just above the swimming pool. There was a party during the night that would make you feel very annoyed because of the noise.2. The A/C is quite loudy.
Stayed at Rancho Bernardo Hilton Garden Inn for recent business trip. Hotel was adequate - staff was pleasant, rooms were clean and in good shape, lobby was fine for sitting and having a drink. But there was nothing outstanding or memorable about it. Room decor was undescriptive, location is in business-park environment, nothing that was a 'wow'.We would love to be able to have the chance to make sure your next stay is extraordinary and memorable! Our guests are the most important part of our hotel, and we work tirelessly to guarantee their complete satisfaction. On the behalf of our entire staff, I would like to invite you back. Please let us know the next time you will be in the area and we will make sure we take better care of you!
I was travelling alone and was given excellent driving and walking directions. The room was quiet and comfortable. I wasn't able to take advantage of the pool or other amenities, but was very pleased with the staff and the hotel. Would recommend to family and friends in the future.Thank you for recommending us to your family and friends. We look forward to delivering an exceptional experience to you again in the future, and hope fully you will get a dip in the pool next time!
I just would like to tell you what a great hotel this is. I would never stay at another hotel when I am in this area. The staff is friendly, helpful and treat you like family, always friendly and greet you by name. The food is excellent, the room and the whole hotel is very clean and inviting. I cannot praise this hotel enough
This location is a wonderful quite little hidden spot in the Rancho Bernardo area. Check-in- was very quick and easy, and I was even able to check-in two hours before regular check-in(a Super Thumbs-up). All the staff members were very professional and courteous. There were several restaurants within a five to ten minute walk. There was even a Soupplantation across from the hotel, and the pool was excellent. The personal landuary room was great and very helpful. Hilton Garden Inn in San Diego/Rancho Bernardo gets a four and half out of five in my book. Thank you for choosing the Hilton Garden Inn and sharing your find with the travelers on Trip Advisor. I will be sure to share your comments with our team. We will see you on your next trip to Rancho Bernardo!
For a worn traveler this is the place to recharge your batteries. The facilities were sparkling clean the sheets were fresh smelling and overall you felt confident of the effort behind the cleaning was upto standards that were reviewed daily.You can count on us to be here for you when you need a recharge! Thank you for sharing your experience and remember we are always here for you when you return!
The rooms are dingy and dirty. I have a respiratory infection from the AC unit and filth in the room. I would not stay at this hotel if at all possible. The carpets are old throughout and all of them are stained.This is not the impression we want to leave with our customers. I am truly sorry you fell ill while at our location. Being away from home makes being sick even more uncomfortable. I am happy we were able to work together to come to a satisfactory resolution. Please know that your feedback is taken very seriously.
In the last few months, I've stayed at three different Hilton properties for work... and the Hilton Garden Inn in Rancho Bernardo, CA is a disappointment. Less well cared for than their sister brand Hampton Inn. And as a HiltonHonors member, they refused to give me a free bottle of water after the check-in for my 8 day stay. Wifi is sketchy. Parking and restaurant is substandard. Stay at a corporate rate at the nearby Rancho Bernardo Inn. So much more worth it!Also, light on mirror in bathroom has been out for a day and I just called down and the maintenance person on duty doesn't have access to the lightbulbs.I am very sorry that you did not have a good experience with us. I do appreciate your feedback and I will ensure I personally follow up to ensure we correct these issues. We truly appreciate your loyalty to the brand and are very disappointed that we fell short of your expectations. Please know that we take your feedback seriously and will improve. We hope that you will consider trying us again on a future stay.
I found myself on a business trip to San Diego for 2 weeks and I found the hotel to be very accommodating,as well as nice and clean, The pool was great, another plus was the restaurant and it was great and being a Chef by trade very satisfying !! They also offer a local shuttle a great bonus . I found my room to be very clean and well maintained. Over all The best part of the stay was the staff. I found everyone to go the extra mile to make my stay the best it could be. Especially Mike A. Vanesa P. and my man Sergio F. A true professional and a valuable asset to the team.Highly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in the Rancho Bernardo area. looking forward to my return trip next year.Thank you very much for your kind review! We're happy you got to enjoy all the hotel has to offer! I will be sure to share these kind words with those mentioned and the team supporting them!Shane DustinGeneral Manager RANCHO BERNARDO - SAN DIEGO17240 Bernardo Center Dr San Diego, CA 92128USA t: +1 858 946 1054 f: +1 858 676-1880 Shane.DustinHilton.com
Right when I walked in the door I felt right at home the rooms are great very clean and they are nice big rooms the food and all the staff were the best I will always stay at the Hilton Garden Inn every time.Thank you very much for the great review, we look forward to seeing you soon! Shane Dustin General Manager RANCHO BERNARDO - SAN DIEGO 17240 Bernardo Center Dr San Diego, CA 92128 USA t: +1 858 946 1054 f: +1 858 676-1880 Shane.DustinHilton.com
This is a good hotel conveniently located in Rancho Bernardo, just off of the I-15 Freeway and Rancho Bernardo Road. The front desk people are very helpful, especially Rosie, she is the best!!Try to get a room away from the freeway to avoid any noise that may have.Thank you for your five star review about our hotel. Our guests satisfaction is our promise and I am delighted to hear that our team were helpful to you during your travels. We will definitely share your positive comments with Rosie and we look forward to your next stay with us!
This was a meeting point for a friend's sons wedding. Our first impression was the super helpful and well trained staff. Our second floor room was full of surprises. Window opens fully letting in tons of fresh air. Nice bathroom with a spacious shower and tons of hot water. The biggest surprise was the king bed which had firmness adjustments. I slept like a baby while there. There is a nice bar for sharing some great laughs. The dining room serves a pretty basic but nice breakfast buffet. We had a marvelous dinner while there that was moderately priced. Overall this is a great place to use while visiting San Diego. Sleep is essential, especially when you have a weekend packed full of wedding fun! Hopefully we will see you back for another wedding soon! Thank you!
This was our second stay at this hotel. The rooms are comfortable, the breakfast buffet is a good value and the staff are friendly and helpful. There is gated underground parking. The weight room is small, but very functional. It is close to resturants, library and shopping in RB.
We needed a hotel in this neighborhood and this hotel's location was perfect. Having said that, all nearby restaurants close really early and it is very quite without much to do in the evening. The hotel room is clean, spacious and well furnished. The breakfast doesn't have a real variety but it was good enough for a business trip.The view however from the breakfast restaurant is lovely..
I have been travel to this hotel.. M-Thur.. for last seven weeks (road-warrior) and I cannot say enough good things about this hotel and the people that work here... but I will take a shot at it!When you get in, you get a warm and courteous staff that greets you and gets you checked in. Once I am settled in, I usually go downstairs for food and drinks - highly recommend Grilled Salmon, Grilled Veg Pasta Primavera and BBQ Ribs. Of course they have Stone IPA on tap which save me a 12 miles trip to the actual brewer (still go check it out!). The bartenders (shoutout to Rodalyn and Boryana) are fun and engaging.. its never a dull moment with these two gals. For morning breakfast buffet, get the egg-white omelette with scallion, spinach, mushroom and green peppers... not sure why but it taste fantastic when they make it here!! The staff here has always been highly responsive to my needs and are a delight to be around.Last but not least, the management of hotel, especially Shane, has been absolute delight to work with. I travel every week and there have been couple of weeks were I thought I had booked the hotel room and had completely forgotten to... and yet with one phone call, he has helped me get it squared away EVER SINGLE TIME. He has figured out a way to make it happen even when situation seemed dire. Eighth week now and counting... I highly recommend this hotel to both casual travelers as well as my fellow road-warriors! For me, it is home away from home.Sharing your review with the online community is the best compliment you can give our team! Shane, Rodalyn and Boryana, live and breathe hospitality. They make the experience. I will be sure to share your positive feedback with them. Thank you so much for your loyal support and we will be waiting for you on your next stay.
This is the third time I've stayed here and it is a great value, with staff that go above and beyond to make sure everything is right. On my most recent trip I was on the second floor with a group of very loud 20 somethings yelling down the hall and making a lot of noise. I called down to the front desk and Teresa personally took care of moving me to a different floor which was quiet and comfortable. The only negative is the HGI is a little hard to find for first timers and easy to get lost getting out of the property especially at night. But it is well worth the effort.First, thank you for sharing your experience with the online community. Second, I can imagine coming back to your hotel room and not being able to rest was frustrating. I am happy to hear Teresa was able to resolve this issue for your quickly with a personalized touch. Your repeat business is truly appreciated and we hope to see you soon!
Our stay was really very good. Beds were firm, food was good and the service was excellent. My group was at the hotel for a retreat and we had so much fun. The meeting room we used was very convenient and the staff kept us supplied with coffee and water throughout. Meal set up was efficient and the staff was so friendly. I think we receive a lot of value for the cost.Thank you for choosing our hotel to host your retreat. We enjoyed having your group here as well and we look forward to many more retreats in the future!
Rooms where not ready upon arrival waiting two hours for them and we had a nb baby. Price is expensive for a mediocre place. Had breakfast there food was not hot more warm but we did have a nice staff at breakfast.I am very sorry your room was not ready when you arrived, especially with a new born baby. I know that was probably challenging for you and your family. We make every effort to have rooms cleaned as soon as possible for our arriving guests. Thank you for your feedback and I hope you will give us another opportunity in the future.
We have stayed here for several years. While the decor could use some updating, our overall stay was excellent.It was quiet and the breakfasts are very good. Hats off to Josh the manager and Stephanie our hostess. Maybe they can upgrade bath amenities and their general decor. Orange based decor is out folks! New rugs and suite rooms would be a nice change.However, every staff person was helpful and our room was quiet and lovely. They do listen to ones requests!Ask the front desk for the lust of local restaurants, it is helpful.Breakfast is excellent. A real plus.We will be back next year.I would like to sincerely thank you for your loyalty to our hotel. Your feedback is appreciated and necessary for our hotel to improve. I will be sure your comments get in the right hands. Josh and Stephanie were delighted to hear your feedback. We cannot wait to have you back soon!
This is one of the best Hilton Garden Inns I have experienced. Excellent service from check in to check out. Breakfast was wonderful. Room very clean and comfortable. Enjoyed a nice glass of wine at the bar in the evening. Plenty of alternative dining in the area, from fast food to high end steak house. Although I did not eat dinner here, I overheard others complimenting the evening food offerings that are served in the comfortable bar area.
our stay started off good enough: we were given a room above the parking garage gate which was noisy. They gladly moved us to another room which upon reviewing the bill after checkout, was more expensive and no one said anything at the time. The rooms have microwaves and refrigerators which is very convenient. Room service was actually some of the best service and food we've had at this level hotel. There is a design flaw in the rooms where the bathroom door is in the way of the front door and must remain closed according to OSHA or it will block the front door access. It has a spring loaded hinge to keep it closed. Simple solution: re-hinge the bath door to swing inward instead of out toward the front door. We ended up putting a bag in the door to hold it open. Hope OSHA doesn't find out. Maid service needs to be re-trained: I left a 10 tip for them on the bed and all it got me was my trash not emptied that day. Also, we had our door partially held open, with a do not disturb sign hung out for our guest to return and a maid walked straight in after one quick knock and no waiting! Hello Housekeeping Whatever happened to that phrase This could have been very embarrassing. And the the weird part: on our last evening we started smelling noxious odors from the bathroom...and I mean noxious. I ran water in all the traps, checked the fan and everything seemed to be ok. But the odor persisted. Called the front desk and they said there might be a plumber doing work somewhere causing the odor. No call back, no offer to relocate. The odor came and it went a few times but each time became more fowl. They credited our room for the night which I appreciated but that was it. This odor was in our clothes and our nostrils for days after checkout. They really should have comped our entire stay. Or come up to see what was going on, offered to move us to another room, something other than nothing unless we asked for a credit. Staff was entirely insensitive to our plight. Almost seemed routine. I would give them another try on the basis that I can't have two experiences like this or they'd be out of business.Thank you very much for taking the time to give feedback regarding your recent stay with us. Your feedback is invaluable to our success. I apologize that you experienced multiple issues during your stay. I can assure you that I will personally follow up on these issues to ensure they are corrected for future guests. If you can contact me directly at sarah.havilandhilton.com, I can look further into the situation with you. Again thank you for your time and I look forward to speaking with you further.
First time at this HGI... it is nice and well kept. I stay at Hilton hotels across the US-- this HGI is a little older and tucked away. Service is very good, the hotel lobby is relaxing and quiet. Restaurant is good--- breakfasts are standard fare- could offer more fresh fruits. Layout is a little funky but fairly easy to get accustomed to. Two elevators--- one at lobby and a pair in the back that fee to the garage. Garage entrance is way around the back, a little awkward. Rooms are large showers have good pressure furniture is older but well-kept and in good shape.
I love the Hilton Brand. This hotel was very nice. Quiet area and there is a Souplantation across the parking lot! The rooms are very spacious but the bathrooms are very, very small. I love that the beds are large enough for 2 people and the internet worked perfectly. This hotel has underground parking which is very convenient and made us feel safer. A little far from downtown San Diego but it is a good alternative if nothing else is available close by.
Friendly staffs and fair facilities. As business trip, it is good enough quality to stay with affordable price. I'm often staying at this hotel when I visit San Diego land compared to other hotels, there is not outstanding point but I love this hotel...
Staff were some of the best we ever encountered, especially Mike at the front desk! All were professional, courteous and accommodating. Breakfast had everything you would desire and priced well outdoor seating a plus. Bar has happy hour and top shelf available. Lobby terrific for grandchildren as many board + floor games available that were used by 5-16 year old. We slept, but bed could be softer.Hello Markfk911TS,We appreciate your great remarks on your stay with us here and are grateful we were the choice for your family or friends special event!Please let us know during your stay if there's anything we can do to help the comfort or experience and we will do all in our power to make your stay a 5 star one!At Your Service,Shane DustinGeneral ManagerShane.DustinHilton.com
The staff are friendly and attentive. I wanted a small boutique hotel with personality and this did it for me. The beds and pillows were comfortable we drank ourselves too much coffee and tea with our Nescaf maker hot pot.
this was booked by travel agent as part of package. stayed 3 nights and It was the perfect start to holiday. staff were friendly and professional, hotel was unusually quirky and charming. would recommend as a good base to see San Franisco.Dear Chris,I hope that the remainder of your vacation was wonderful. I appreciate the great shout out for our team's wonderful service and that you would recommend us to your friends.Our hotel was built in 1911, we do have some very unique features, did our team share that our marble staircases is original marble when the hotel was built I'm thrilled that you noticed how charming our hotel is.Thank you again for the wonderful feedback.Best,Suzie Yang
They'll charge you a mandatory 20 fee/night for 2 bottles of water, gym access and wine at HH. This was complimentary a few months ago before the renovation. Speaking of which, the hotel lost its charm entirely. The rooms used to be colorful and unique...now they're brown and black just like any big chain hotels Hilton or Omni. Would NOT come back.Dear sfnicole22,Thank you for taking the time to share your honest review.We are deeply saddened to hear we failed to meet your expectations, particularly with regards to our new look.Is is most disappointing to learn your experience was marred by the Urban Amenity Fee. This fee is disclosed on our website at the time of booking and allows us to offer much more beyond the amenities provided before.We hope you will consider staying with us again during your future travels to San Francisco.Best wishes,Jeffrey RosenkrantzAssistant Front Office Managerjrosenkrantzjdvhotels.com
I recently held a meeting at the Galleria Park Hotel, the staff was extremely helpful. They had our meeting room ready to go and greeted us. Everything was perfect, seamless, we had everything we needed for our meeting, we even had pre-printed cards with the wifi access code, which is extremely important! Thank you Galleria Park Hotel Team for hosting.Dear Alex,First of all, we appreciate the business that you brought to our hotel and we were so excited to read your amazing feedback about our hotel service and how we made your meeting the best possible.Our event manager as well as our banquet team really enjoyed taking care of your meeting. We hope that you will consider us for future events. Thank you again for taking time out of your busy day to share your feedback.Best, Suzie Yang
We stayed here for a wedding. The staff was wonderful! Room and bathroom were small but very nice. Attached restaurant was very nice and food was delicious. Bread and Cocoa next door had great breakfast options.Dear Tiffany H, Your kind words and rave review are most appreciated. We are elated to hear your experience was great! Come visit us again very soon! Best wishes, Jeffrey Rosenkrantz Assistant Front Office Manager jrosenkrantzjdvhotels.com
This is a Joie de Vivre Hotel and so has the usual attentive and courteous staff along with the obligatory wine reception at 5.30. I have been to a number of the JdV hotels in San Francisco and the Bay Area and I found this one probably the most formal. This is not a criticism but each hotel in the chain has its own vibe. The location is very convemient for the Moscone Centre and just a block from the BART for the airport. Good coffe shop (bread and Cocoa) next door for breakfast. Room was a bit small and a couple might find it cramped but fine for me,Thank you for choosing to stay with us during the MRS Convention. I am pleased to read that you liked our location. We are indeed very close to Moscone Convention Center and many of the San Francisco attractions, including Union Square, Chinatown, etc.I also want to thank you for choosing to stay in Joie de Vivre hotels when you visit the San Francisco Bay Area. We hope to see you again soon in one of our hotels.Sincerely,James Limjlimjdvhotels.com
We stayed at the Galleria Park Hotel for 5 nights over a Presidents Day Weekend getaway to San Francisco. We had a nice stay at the Dream Inn in Santa Cruz (another Joie de Vivre property) and the Galleria Park was offering a weekend special with free parking, so we decided to give it a shot. Man, what a great surprise!The hotel is in a great location on Sutter Street, just a block from Kearny and a few blocks from Market. Union Square is a short walk away, as is China Town, and there is incredible shopping and dining everywhere you turn. One night we ate at the very hip and trendy Farmerbrown Restaurant, and another night at the French seafood bistro Plouf. Public transit is steps away, so within minutes you can easily get all over the city.The hotel is beautifully decorated with a great chandelier hanging in entry, a huge decorative fireplace in the corner, great art throughout, a very cool terrace on the third floor and even a nice wine happy hour.The room was very comfortable with plenty of space. It was a typical old San Francisco building with steam heat, but lots of charm and all the new amenities you could ask for. The bed was comfortable and there was a desk w/chair and another chair in the corner. There was a nice note and a bottle of wine waiting in the room for us when we arrived. And since we arrived well after midnight, it was much appreciated!
I have just enjoyed 4 nights in this lovely hotel on a business trip to San Francisco. The hotel was enthusiastically recommended by work colleagues and I can understand why. It is a relatively small hotel with a lovely personal feeling. The decor is very much to my taste with some great Art Deco references. My room was very spacious with an extremely comfortable bed with lovely linen and great pillows (so important!). There was a good sized walk in shower and the shower had good power to it. There was a good sized desk for me to work at and the Wi-Fi was excellent. From the moment I arrived tired and hungry from the UK every member of staff was excellent. Warm, professional and efficient. As a woman travelling alone, the reception received is extremely important in making one feel comfortable and confident in a strange environment. There is a comfortable small reception area where you can sit and enjoy a morning cup of tea/coffee and complementary wine is served on Wednesday evenings. Sadly I didn't get to sample the bar, restaurant or urban garden. I will definitely be booking again for my next business trip and hope to sample the facilities I didn't have chance to on this visit. Thank you Galleria Park for ensuring my very first visit to SF was so enjoyable.
This is a superb place to stay. Very convinient for Union Square and Fisherman's Wharf also in easy access. The room was very comfortable and clean. The concierge service was excellent and very friendly. We were made to feel welcome and they helped us with what we needed. Check in was fast and efficient. I can't say a bad thing about this hotel. I would highly recommend a stay here for anyone visiting this city. Dear SarahHC9028SG,Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback with us. We are always very grateful to hear back from our guests as it gives us insight as to what we are doing well and what we could do better. That being said we are happy to read that you were very happy with your experience at our property! Please feel free to reach out to us if there is anything we can do for you on a future visit to San Francisco.Best,Angelina Barragan
We stayed here for 4 nights. We arrived via the BART train from the airport. The hotel is only a couple of minutes from the nearest train stop. The room size was fine, the bathroom was very nice. The room had a coffee machine but you can also get a free cup of coffee every morning ( great decaf) . We did not eat in the restaurant but instead ate at Lori's Diner ( turn left out of the hotel and it's a few blocks up on the right. Really good breakfasts) . The wine hour was a really good idea, we met some lovely people through this. The whole hotel is very clean, the staff are helpful and it felt like a little oasis of calm in the city. It is well placed for Union square and the trams. Just a note on the trams, we stayed 4 nights and never got on them, the queues were really long. We got taxis to fisherman's wharf for about 15 dollars. Some people have commented on the noise, yes the dustbin men do turn up about 3pm, and you hear the police sirens etc, but if you stay in a city you have to expect noise. They do have some rooms that have internal windows which are quieter . I think these are only doubles , as there were three of us we had a room facing a side road. You could still hear everything outside though. There was not any noise from other rooms or from people walking in the corridors. The beds were very comfy, with lovely pillows. We would defiantly stay here again. Thank you Galleria Park for making our stay a happy one .
I semi-frequently stay at the Galleria Park for business. It's VERY affordable (for San Francisco) clean, the staff is professional and it always treats me right. Yes, the rooms are a little small but most people don't spend much time in their room when in San Francisco. The other aspect about this hotel I like is that it is within a 5 minute walk to both MUNI and BART lines. I highly recommend this hotel.
I have stayed at the Galleria a few times and have always been very impressed. It has a very cool vibe and and a lot of character. If I could, I would stay there every time I come to The City! My wife was with me for this trip and she said to me, I love this hotel!Dear P9458MDjonl, I am so glad to hear you enjoyed your stay with us! Character is something we most certainly are not short on. Thank you for staying with us and hopefully we get welcome you and your wife back next time you're in The City!All the Best, Charlie StockerDirector of Front Office
After much research on TripAdvisor I plumped for the Galleria Park hotel and I'm glad I did. Only 30 minutes on the train from the airport (a subway platform is only 2 minutes away), this hotel is in a great central location with the trolleys only 4 or 5 blocks away by Union Square and Chinatown or ATT Park short train or cab rides (both easily walkable).The hotel rooms are small but I do not know if that is standard in San Francisco. My brother booked the Deluxe rather than standard, however, and that room was massive!Beds were hard (a little uncomfortable for me) but the room was quiet, the shower was of good quality, TV large and they offered a free wine at the start of the evening. Also a Keurig for my girlfriend to have her morning coffee.Would definitely go back, especially given the location.
Hotel is close to most things you need to see in San Fran. Close to Union Square and the cable cars and trams. Hotel staff are friendly and help with all the touristy things. Rooms are a nice size and are clean and comfortable. There was a little noise from the street below....but you are in the middle of the city so you can expect that. I booked my room through booking.com and 2 days after checking in found that the hotel had over charged me by over 300.00 - but as it turns out the hotel adds a nice big fat amount for incidentals.............and refund the amount if you don't use them or haven't trashed the room lol. Apart from that I would stay there again without hesitation.
The hotel was nice and in a great location. My room was inward looking so there was no view of anything and the window was very small so not much light, which wasn't a huge problem as I was out all day. The bathroom was compact but good, the bed comfortable and it was very clean which is important. There was no kettle though only a coffee maker which I was not able to make tea in. I definitely recommend you join in happy hour in the lobby to sample free wines. It was a very enjoyable experience. The staff were lovely and professional as well.Dear shaggygirlr0x,Thank you for taking the time to share your valuable feedback. We are happy to hear you enjoyed our unbeatable location while the team delivered a stellar experience. We look forward to your next visit, and another chance to enjoy all of our amazing amenities.Warmest regards,Jeffrey RosenkrantzAssistant Front Office Managerjrosenkrantzjdvhotels.com
Great hotel in the perfect location for down town and Union Square. Rooms are pleasant and decorated in an eclectic style. Staff were very helpful and polite. Would recommend this hotel for a great short stay in San Francisco if want to avoid the anonymous big chain hotels
This property is very nice, comfortable bed, quiet on the courtyard side. The room was just the right size for 2 girls on a holiday. We stayed there from Wed. through Sat. The hotel was full, but we never heard other guests while in our room. The shower was a nice size, bathroom was a little small. Although we had an air conditioner, we liked that the window in the bathroom opened to let in some cool evening air. The mini fridge had the usual honor bar fare, but wasn't so full as to not allow us to store our own breakfast items. This was really appreciated as they don't offer continental breakfast. We only made it to the complimentary wine hour on 1 of the nights, but it was nice. We felt very safe in this hotel. Nice location, easy to find coming right off the Bart at Montgomery Station and around the corner, literally 2 minutes walk. Will stay here again when we come back.Dear bjkurth, What a great review!I'm happy to hear that we've made you a loyal guest of the Galleria Park. We can't wait to welcome you back!Kind Regards, Charlie Stocker
Ideal location for CBD with a really helpful attitude from the whole staff team. Free WiFi, wine happy hour and water but the price merits these extras. No breakfast on site but plenty to offer in surrounding vibrant streets of fantastic San Francisco. My room well equipped but perhaps a little noisy from the street. Convenient for the centre however means I will be back. Quality and service in a great location merits the premium price.
This is really a combination business and couples review. I was in SF for a business conference, accompanied by my husband and another couple. The Galleria Park was a few blocks from my conference, but the rooms cost less than half of what the cost would have been at the conference hotel, plus we had free wireless internet access. Each couple had a king bed room size was urban but ample, with an easy chair and a nice bathroom. We loved the unique decor and especially enjoyed the roof garden terrace. Location near Union Square was perfect for where I needed to be and for accessing public transportation to anywhere else in the city. The wine receptions were a nice touch. Breakfast on premises was expensive, but a good coffee shop is right next door. The staff was great. Highly recommend and would definitely return!
The staff is friendly but not overly so. The public area is charming and the location very convenient. Our room was not large but was comfortable. It was slightly noisy in terms of street traffic but that is to be expected given the location. I enjoyed the intimate atmosphere of the hotel.Dear Mary Anne,Thank you so much for taking the time to provide us with your much valued feedback! I am glad to hear that you were able to enjoy your stay with us despite the noise issue in your room. Please feel free to reach out to us on a future visit so that we may assign you a quieter room where you will not be disturbed by the buzz of our big city. Although our location is ideal in S.F., it can be very lively. We hope that on your next visit you choose to stay with us again.Have a wonderful day and thank you again for your kind words.Angelina Barragan
Stayed for two nights, an all-round good experience. Front desk exceptional. Valet parking only, at 38 dollars. Free wine at 5:30 every night. Although other reviewers have commented about noise we dont agree, no problems (August mid week). Rooms are well decorated and equipped bu small by US standards. Recommended.
Its been quite some time since I've stayed 'in city' and I was refreshingly surprised! We found the Galleria Park at the suggestion of my Brother, a world traveler. Our request was simple a nice, in town place, close to shopping and the BART. Doing some preflight research on Yelp, I contacted the Manager, Mr Lim via email. He was prompt to reply, and even upgraded us, at no cost. The lobby was quaint, in an old world way, with staff that cared. We enjoyed our stay, and would return their without hesitation.Steven Zimmerman, Gulf Harbors Fl
Excellent location: close to BART/MUNI, dining. Great staff: efficient, helpful, friendly. Room was clean, bed comfortable. Quiet at night, no slamming doors etc. Plenty of amenities: exercise area, free wifi, wine happy hour. I stay here whenever I'm in town for business travel but would also stay for leisure.
We did not stay long - just one night, BUT it was an awesome stay. The staff was very nice and attentive. The room had everything we needed. Everything was clean (and my standards are pretty high). Next time in SF, I'm not researching for a hotel again - booking Galleria Park right away.
I stay here for very work regularly and it's a great SF hotel. It's very nice for the price, but not too fancy. The staff are exceptional - friendly, helpful and always quick to accommodate any requests. The rooms are appointed well some reviewers have mentioned that the rooms are on the small side but for the price in the city I don't miss a few extra square feet and doubt you would unless you're never leaving the room. It's a great location for work or fun.Dear Ttt709,Thank you for submitting a review of your recent stay at Galleria Park! We value our guest feedback as a gift.We are truly greatful for the kind words regarding the team here at GPH. Everyone from housekeeping to the front desk takes any steps necessary to meet and exceed guest expectations. We're thrilled that the stay went well and you found our location to be well suited for both business and play.We hope that if your travels bring you back to SF, you will consider another stay at Galleria Park Hotel.Sincerely,Jordan Whitney
This is a nice place to stay but the rooms are very small and somewhat cramped. I would recommend for business travelers and couples but not anyone with children. The staff is very nice and the rooms are kept clean. The location is centralized and a good jumping off point in SF.
Stayed here for two nights with family and was pleasantly surprised! It was very clean, and spacious and well decorated. The staff were friendly (even helped in looking up bus routes to get places), and there was free wine and snacks in the lobby every night at 5pm - Can't beat that!! It was also in a great location, right downtown and near both bus stops and the train station. Would definitely stay there again!!Dear Bianca Z, Thank you for your fantastic review!Our staff are all locals here and know the best spots and easiest ways to get to them. I'm glad they could help you out! I hope we get the chance to welcome you back in the future. Happy Holidays, Charlie Stocker
The staff of the Galleria Park hotel couldn't have been more helpful during our 4 night stay and were always smiling and friendly, with great recommendations for sightseeing and restaurants....they really helped make our stay there an excellent one. The hotel is in a good location within minutes of Union Square and Market Street. It was a little noisy at night but we accepted that as the only slight downside of the location. The rooms and bathrooms are on the small side but are very clean, well decorated and maintained. I would definitely recommend this hotel.
If you arent into hill climbing and prefer the urban setting instead of the more expensive hilltop locations, this place is for you.Located at Sutter and Kearny, this location is relatively close to everything and just a quick walk away from the rest. A strategic location, close to the cable car route and very Uber friendly.The hotel as cozy but all you really need if you intend to see the city. It is in an older building so the AC/heater units are pretty old... the one in my room was a noisy little thing but it worked well.I didnt do much but sleep there so it suited my needs. Review their fees carefully before reservations. If using a third party to book, they may not make hidden charges apparent.Clean and convenient.
I've stayed in Joie de Vivre hotels more than a dozen times, and I'm alway please and highly satisfied. This stay was triggered by an email promotion for a Valentine's Day package that included parking and dinner at a marvelous French cafe. Beside the exception deal for the package, upon check-in, we were told, We're pleased to let you know that we have upgraded you to our Grande Suite, the largest room in our hotel!Staff was great. Room was pleasant. Wine tasting (free) was enjoyable and bustling.I'll most certainly be returning.Dear MMCimilla,Thank you for sharing your positive experience at the Galleria Park on Tripadvisor. I am very pleased to hear that you have made our hotel your true home away from home.I'm glad you enjoyed the courtesy upgrade to our Grand Suite as a small token of appreciation for being one of our loyal guest and for selecting our hotel to celebrate Valentine's.We hope to see you again soon!Sincerely,James Limjlimjdvhotels.com415-835-6473
My husband and I stayed for a long weekend and really enjoyed the hotel. Great friendly service, close walking distance to Chinatown and shopping. We enjoyed the decor and the quiet inner courtyard room. Nice and clean too.Wine hour was a great treat too before heading out on the town.
We were in San Francisco for our daughters wedding. We had a bunch if rooms booked for our family and friends. From the bellhop/valet to the front desk staff to everyone we met at the hotel, one could not find friendlier or more helpful people. This is a boutique hotel, and the location is perfect. The rooms are comfortable, and they have free wifi. There is a coffee setup on the mezzanine level in the mornings, and complimentary wine served in the lobby in the evening. There is valet parking, but like most places in San Francisco, it is expensive (38 plus taxes). We had a problem with our in room safe (we overstuffed it and jammed it so that it would not open). It was resolved almost immediately. About the only negative is that the restaurant is undergoing ownership changes/renovation, and is closed. We were hoping to have breakfast with our family and this change caught us by surprise (we had booked the rooms a year ago). Matt and Michelle (sales managers) could not have been more accommodating. They arranged for us to be able to have breakfast at the Bread Cocoa (just outside), and to have them run a tab for our guests. They were also nice enough to upgrade the bride (our daughter) to the nicest suite in the hotel, and to have a bottle of champagne for the couple to make it up to us. We loved our stay, as did our family and friends. We know where we will be staying when we next visit San Francisco.
We found this hotel online months before visiting were able to book at an outstanding rate. The service was excellent, from the friendly desk folks, to the bellman that gave us ideas on a fun walking tour through China Town North Beach. The wine tasting was lots of fun created an enjoyable buzz in the lobby amongst the guests. It is an older building so the rooms are small being in the city there is noise. But neither of these facts diminished our stay. The next time we visit San Francisco we will visit here again or one of the chains other boutique hotels.
We stayed for 5 nights at this hotel and cant recommend it enough! The rooms are clean and modern and the staff are incredibly friendly. Its in a great location and is near lots of fantastic restaurants.
Absolutely loved staying here. The room was impeccably clean, inviting and a decent size for 4 people. The staff were fairly young and were super-friendly and enthusiastic about recommending things for us to do. They gave us some great advice on local hotspots (Mexican restaurant in the the Mission District and Belden Place), and we also booked a city sightseeing tour through them. The hotel is in such a good location and is only a quick walk to Union Square, the Powell-Mason Cable Car, the BART and the huge Westfield shopping centre. There's also a lovely coffee shop called Bread Cocoa next door. Big drawcards: complimentary wi-fi and wine hour! Next time I go back to San Fran I will not even consider staying somewhere else.
The loveliest thing about this hotel is the very helpful guys who work at the door of the hotel. They know the area so well. Our room was lovely large clean and quiet. Very close to chinatown restaurants and shops. Hop on hop off bus is just around the corner also. Booking in and out was very efficient and desk staff great.
Our group was made up of 3 adults and 2 children, and the service we received by the staff was exceptional. Everyone graciously accommodated our every need...young and old. The location was perfect for us to visit Union Square, Chinatown, and do serious shopping on Market Street. If we return to San Francisco, this is where we will stay.
Me and three friends of mine stayed here for three nights, while visiting San Francisco for sightseeing. We booked the hotel thru priceline and got a rate for 160 US, which is ok for this hotel. The hotel itself is located some minutes food walk from Union Square, so the location is ok. The rooms are nice and have a good size, but are not very big. Bathroom is ok but not perfect. The lobby is nice and so is the interior. They service free wine in the late afternoon, which is nice. I had a room to the patio which is not too nice, because it is kind of dark. I looked the other rooms of my friends and they were much nicer because they were much lighter. Check in and check out was fine, room service was fine too. Before we booked the hotel, we looked up some other offers for other hotels in the internet. I dont know why, but prices were very high for that weekend in San Francisco, for that reason we thought the value for this hotel was ok. And the hotel itself was ok too. But I am not sure if I would come back to this hotel next time. Dont get me wrong, the hotel is not bad or anything, but there is just something which I didnt like even if I cant tell you what. I was not really sure if I should give 3 or 4 points to this hotel, so lets say I give 3.5 points.Overall, if you come here you dont do anything wrong, but dont expect too much. I think for a boutique hotel something is missing.
I just stayed at the Galleria Park Hotel for the 2nd time this past weekend. The 1st time I stayed in this hotel was last year and I was immediately impressed upon entering the facilities. The decor in the lobby is very inviting and clean which provides for a very welcoming environment. As soon as you enter the staff on hand immediately greet you and ask what they can assist you with. All of the staff that I have come in contact with are very professional and eager to help. The actual rooms in the hotel are also consistent with the lobby...very clean and decorated with modern yet classic pieces. Not to mention the hotel is walking distance from EVERYTHING may it be the BART, Chinatown, Little Italy, Fisherman's Wharf etc. The surrounding area of the hotel is very safe and clean as well. Anytime I go to SF I plan to stay at this hotel. Also during my trip this past weekend a group of friends joined me and they stayed in the hotel as well. They also gushed about how conveniently located and cool the ambiance was. You can't go wrong staying here!Thank you for coming back to Galleria Park Hotel and making our hotel as your home away from home. I shared your kind comments with my staff. I am extremely proud of our team in the front office as they are indeed one of the friendliest and most professionals in the hospitality industry. Last year, the California Hotel Lodging Association awarded the Galleria Park the Best Service Award and it's because of our employees who care about our guests' stay.I hope to meet you personally when you return to San Francisco!Best,James
My wife and I stayed here recently on our road trip around California. The hotel is centrally located for all the attractions and very close to Union Square. The hotels main areas and rooms themselves have a very bright and modern feel. The rooms themselves are compact but have all the usual facilities you would expect. The hotel does room service but there are no resturant or bar facilities on site although they do have some kind of connection to the bar/resturant next door. There is free wi-fi available throughout the hotel and an external running area on one of the lower floors. There is free tea and coffee available in the mornings and a free wine tasting session each evening.The staff were very helpful and were kean to help with our sightseeing plans. The staff also arranged an airport pick up service for us at the end of our stay.Overall a very calm and relaxing vibe and we would definitely stay here again.
This place impressed from the moment we entered the front door. The friendly doorman, reception, entryway and main lobby. Decor was just beautiful and continued in passageways leading to our door. Room brilliant! We found the location to be perfect for us. We found several easy walks to the waterfront without encountering the steep hills!! This was the final bonus as far as we were concerned. Close to everything we needed for our stay. Would stay again.
Galleria is a pretty boutique hotel with every detail that fits perfect for a well seasoned traveller. The amenities they offer end up saving you a lot of money. From the high quality coffee served every morning to the wine reception every night. The staff are very friendly and extremely helpful to get you around San Francisco and experience what this great city have to offer. I wholeheartedly would stay here without hesitation. In fact, this would be my first pick.
We stayed at the Galleria Park for two days. Check in was great especially the doormen who were really busy but managed to get our many bags up the room quickly.The room was cozy which meant that two open suitcases made things crowded.The TV remote did not work which is usually not a disaster but it was the Olympics. The safe also needed batteries. In the normal course this is not a big deal either but I was carrying over 50 pounds of camera gear for shooting birds up the coast. So I checked it at the desk to avoid lugging it to dinner.When we came back from dinner later that evening there was my very expensive bag sitting on the floor with the claim check attached in front of the lobby fireplace. The travel gods were with me but it probably sat there for hours and no one stole it. The wine reception each day is done with panache and I must say that all the staff are pleasant and helpful.The Galleria is in a good location for shopping, some galleries and restaurants. I recommend it but keep your wits about you.
Stayed week of Thanksgiving. Hotel is walking distance to Bart and local buses. Very friendly staff, clean comfortable room. Nice toiletries. Reasonably priced restaurants in the area, Chipolte, Uncle Vitos pizza (few blocks north) were both good. As was the coffee shop next door to the hotel.
What can I say other than this hotel exceeded my expectations. The location of the hotel is great. I was a bit nervous due to the outside noise, but once I was in the hotel and also in my room I couldn't ear any of it. The staff was very friendly at check in and throughout my stay. Gave excellent restaurant referrals and was more than willing to secure us a reservations or transporation. The hotel was beautiful decorated. After staying at this intimate boutique hotel I now have a fondess for boutique hotels and will continue to stay at boutique hotels over large chain style hotels. I look forward to my next SF trip and will stay at the Galleria Park Hotel every time.
A small boutique style hotel in San Francisco, the Galleria Park was a place that we enjoyed immensely. The nightly wine happy hour was good, although the attitude from a couple of guests made me wonder why they had bothered. There are some great restaurants and bars nearby, and chinatown isn't that far away if you feel like walking. The room was small, but there was still a closet and desk, and armchair as well as the bed. The TV could be controlled by your smart phone, and there was free wifi. The cable cars aren't far away, and the buses and trolleys are close too. Staff at check in were friendly, and the concierge was helpful. The hotel had a great marble staircase and some unique decorating touches, that you would expect in San Francisco.Hi QldTiger!I am so happy that you enjoyed your recent stay with us! I am glad that my team was able to welcome you and provide some great incite into the city. I hope next time you come to San Francisco you will stay with our property again.Warm regards,Jesse
I really liked this hotel. I stayed in town on business and was very pleased with the service of the staff at the front desk who seemed to be very accommodating and hospitable, as were the bell hops and wine servers. The complimentary wine hour each evening was a nice touch and a great way to network and meet fellow guests. Centrally located and within a reasonable distance to the financial district and union square - it was very accessible. The only reason I didn't give it five stars was because the cleaning staff were very loud in the mornings and begun banging on doors extremely early (around 8am) to begin cleaning. I had to leave my privacy sign up the entire length of my stay. Also our room was right next to the service elevator, which was unfortunate. Also beware, the walls are very thin so you can hear EVERYTHING your neighbors say or do but if you're fairly quiet (which I am), not in the room much (which was my case) and you have quiet neighbors (which I thankfully did) it's not a huge deal.
I am a regular at the Galleria Park Hotel, where they treat me like family. It is a hotel with wonderful personality - funky, classy and comfortable. The place has character, but in an understated way. They don't try too hard or go over the top. The location is good for both business and fun. It's in the heart of the Financial district and very close to Union Square. The staff is warm, thoughtful and obviously empowered to make every guest happy. A true gem in a fabulous city!Dear Ms. Sondra K.: you are part of the Galleria family as you've been staying with us for many years. I'm glad that you found a permanent home away from home here in San Francisco. -James Lim
Friendly helpful staff made visit very pleasant. Alma at the front desk is a gem. Pete and the valet guys are great! I would definitely go again. Close to metro and nice shopping area. They greet you by name each time they see you. (Not really sure how they do that!)
Stayed at this hotel overnight in June. It is in a very convenient location and the property was in good condition. The front desk staff was nice at check in and check out. The room was clean and nicely appointed. No breakfast is included but there is a great little cafe next door for coffee and croissants. Parking was valet only but we found a cheaper rate a block or two away in another lot. I deducted one star because we paid for a room with 2 queen beds (assigned room had double beds), and there was a surprise 20 resort fee added. We didnt get much value out of the items in this mandatory package and were unaware when booking the room. We questioned the bed situation twice and they insisted the beds were queens. Trust me...they were not because I share one with my wife. Had we not received a really good rate on the room, I would have rated them lower. But the hotel was clean, convenient and provided a good value overall for a one night stay.
This is not a review of the hotel itself, but of the customer service. On a trip to SF last month, we made a mistake in our hotel booking (not at the Galleria Park) and were forced to scramble for a room elsewhere. We thought all was well when we got a room at the Galleria Park through a third-party site. That turned out to be wrong, as we discovered when we tried to check inthe hotel was already fully booked. It would have been easy for the staff to simply turn us away. Instead, Kevin, the operations manager, and Wendy, at the reception desk, expended considerable time and effort on rechecking the reservation system for a potential opening and looking for alternatives elsewhere in the affiliated JDV properties, all while making us comfortable as we waited. We hope to finally try the hotel itself on a future visit to SF we know the service will be exceptional.Dear DDMJTL,Thank you for sharing your experience at the Galleria Park with regards to assisting you find alternative accommodations. It's unfortunate that we were not able to accommodate you, but I'm glad that both Kevin and Wendy were able to find you a room at one of our sister hotels.I shared your review with both Kevin, Wendy and the rest of our staff. It means a lot to us when our guests post positive reviews online, especially when our guests remember the names of our staff members. Thank you, again.Sincerely,James Limjlimjdvhotels.com
We stayed here for 8 nights and it was a wonderful location from which to explore San Francisco. Much is within walking distance. No breakfast at the hotel, but there is a great little cafe right next door so that wasn't a problem at all. The staff really were fabulous so friendly. And the staff on the door who help get taxis etc were exceptional.The room was great - very comfy beds and air conditioning (the bathroom is small but perfectly functional).Overall it was a really good hotel experience and we were sad to leave. The one negative comment we have - which is about San Francisco itself, not the hotel - is that the homeless problem there is enormous and my daughter and I wouldn't have felt safe wandering around after dark by ourselves. It's very sad to see, on every street, people who need care. Perhaps the new Mayor can do something.But if you go to San Francisco, this is a fabulous hotel to stay in.
The Galleria Park is a small, boutique hotel located near the financial district, North Beach and Chinatown. The building is old and beautiful inside and out. Our room was small but nicely furnished and the bathroom had modern finishes. The ceilings are high and help to make the room feel more spacious. WiFi is free, which is always a huge plus. There is a charge for valet parking (unlimited in and out privileges) but the convenience was worth it. The hallways and public spaces are nicely decorated and well maintained. The staff is friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. We usually stay in the financial district at a major chain hotel, but we enjoyed this stay so much we are looking forward to staying at the Galleria Park again.Dear Janet C.,Thank you so very much for the amazing 5 star review on TripAdvisor. We are so excited to read that you decided to give us a chance and thrilled to hear that you had such a great time. Additionally, we are pleased to read that you enjoyed not only our location but also our century old hotel, our modern design touches and our friendly team. We cannot wait to welcome you back to Galleria Park and thanks again for sharing your experience on TripAdvisor.Best regards,Kevin Scottkscottjdvhotels.com
I had an amazing stay at the Galleria Park Hotel. The showers were amazing and I did not want to stop showering. I was excited for the next shower as well. I highly recommend this hotel for those of the fancy genre.
The location of Galleria Park (2 blocks from Chinatown gate / on the edge of the financial district, close to Union Square and trolley cable cars) makes it easy to do any standard tourist activities. We found it easy and safe to walk or take public transit anywhere. The front desk staff were all very friendly when we were coming or going, and the daily wine hour made it easy to mingle with other guests. I understand the comments about price, as it changes depending on timing/room demand. We booked a few months ahead and got the AAA rate of 215 for a queen room, then were upgraded to a king room at check-in -- 7th floor (out of 8) outside. Street sounds were never a problem (sometimes a truck or siren during the night) and in the week we were there (and the hotel was at high occupancy most of the time) we heard a door close or a hall sound twice at most.The room was large enough, bed very comfortable, beautiful bathroom, high ceilings with two big windows, so lots of light -- but also drapes that blocked out all of the outside light.I would return to this hotel.
I travel to SF frequently for business and find the Galleria Park Hotel to be perfect for my needs. It is close to Union Square with many options for shopping and fabulous restaurants. The rooms are lovely and quaint with a cozy personal feel. The staff always exceeds your expectations and the same people have been there a long time which indicates to me that the hotel is well managed.
This hotel was perfectly located near Union Square, yet just set back enough to enable a quiet night's sleep every night. The lobby is spectacular, the room was really comfortable and clean, and staff were possibly the nicest I've encountered. You get free in-room wi-fi (or free 20mins if you use hotel computers) and free use of a nice roof terrace. Also, it's close to Market Street, meaning you can easily get the trolley bus (2) to Fisherman's Wharf, as well as the more scenic (and more expensive) cable cars. Lots of shops nearby, including a 7-11 and Walgreen's.
Had a friend visiting from Los Angeles, so we got a couple of rooms at the Galleria Park Hotel. The price was great and I seem to love the JDV hotels, so that was also a plus. From jump, I knew it would be a great say. The door person was friendly and helpful every day of our visit (stayed 2 nights) and Ben L. at the front desk was engaging and full of personality. That makes a difference because it really gave an indication that if he was cool, this hotel must be as well. He offered to help us find spots to eat and gave great directions. The lobby there was so beautiful all decorated for the holidays. The room was generally well appointed with a mini-bar, two closets, plenty of room space, but the downside O.M.G. the bathroom was smaller than those in Paris! I mean teeny tiny. But even with the microscopic bathroom, I still LOVED the place. And I'm tell you, it was in large part due to how clean it was and how nice the front desk was. I'd go back and I'd recommend this place. Oh, and it's perfect walking distance to so many things...but if you're not a local, just be careful of some of the spots to steer clear at night.Dear Kimberly H,Thank you for taking the time to share your comments. We are elated to hear Ben and the rest of the team ensured a great stay for you and your friends. Thank you for the kind words regarding the decor in the lobby as well as the amenities you enjoyed in the room. We look forward to welcoming you back very soon!Warmest regards,Jeffrey Rosenkrantz
What a great location! The service was outstanding - from the front desk to the doorman to the valet. Thank you Richard, and every other staff member working during our stay for making our trip to San Francisco perfect.
We have been very happy at Joie de Vivre hotels in SF and could not have been more dissapointed by this experience. We had trouble from the start--rude front desk staff, bellmen who never even attempted to help with baggage, problems with the bill and double charging our credit card, mishandled arrangments with the airport pick-up, and a very sub-standard room for a steep price (nearly 400/night). We ultimately got an upgrade since we were paying too much for such a small room (and are members of JdV), but the damage was done by the rude front desk service and general incompetence. A good thing: The housekeepers are nice. The hotel doesn't offer the services that a hotel charging these prices should have--for example, they have limited room service (none on weekend mornings), no concierge , terrible gym, etc. Do yourself a favor and stay someplace else!I would like to start by thanking you for taking time to write and provide feedback about your recent stay. However, I am very sorry your experience was completely unfavorable. We truly pride ourselves in quality customer service, as one might read from many of the other TripAdvisor postings, and clearly fell short of delivering the consistent wonderful service that many of our Joie de Vivre members and other guests experience. Please feel free to contact the hotel directly so that I may find a way to resolve and change your opinion as I truly care about how you feel. Thanks so much for hopefully giving us a chance to make a potential future stay better and let us show you that we can do it right. Sincerely, Paul Frentsos, General Manager. 415-835-6473 direct number.
This was a first visit but I will be back. I recently reviewed The Palace, and this was such a better experience. A great rate, a great location, staff was very helpful and accommodating. Joel (front manager) checked me in and his level of helpfulness and enthusiasm was impressive for a jaded traveler like me. The property is dated but charming, bed was one of the best I've had in a hotel in a while. Bath situation is a little cramped, street noise can be pretty significant, and food options are pretty limited (sushi only, best as I could tell, though I'm not a big user of room service). But the whole experience was very good and I intend to be go back. One petty note...the staff gave a good push for their Joy of Life Club and since I have stayed at a number of Joie de Vivre properties and liked them all, I decided to sign up. Enrollment was not particularly convenient, and it turns out they will only credit stays booked directly through their web site, yet my employer requires me to book through our corporate travel site...so all that trouble to enroll and I will probably never get any points. If you're going to use a club to encourage repeat visits, it ought to be easy and encouraging, not difficult and overly restrictive.Hello,We truly appreciate your feedback and I am glad that you enjoyed the hotel. We have forwarded your review to Joel as well. By your comments, it seems that our staff may have misinformed you on the types of bookings that can receive points. Any reservation booked directly through the hotel will recieve points. These eligible bookings also include some corporate travel sites that do not utilize a 3rd party prepayment method. We do not award points for 3rd party prepaid reservations such as Expedia, Hotwire, Hotels.com, etc. I am sorry for any confusion this caused. You have received your points for this stay already. If you have stayed at any other JDV properties in the last 30 days or so, I can also award points for those stays. Again, thank you for your positive review on TripAdvisor and your time. If I can be of any further assistance, please feel free to contact me directly. We hope to see you again soon!Warmest regards,Katie SpidellDirector of OperationsGalleria Park Hotel
The hotel rooms are nice and very comfortable. Staff is very attentive and cool.The hotel offers happy hours at 5 pm mostly and you get to meet other guests staying over.Value for money. Located on Sutter street, it is well located, surrounded with good eatery joints.Nice for couples and family to stay for vacations.Dear Prettycool2879,Thank you for the review of Galleria Park Hotel! We're thrilled that you enjoyed yourself on your recent September business trip to San Francisco. Our wine hour is a fan favorite and we're pleased you were able to get a chance to join us and socialize with the other guests!We hope that you will think to stay at Galleria Park Hotel whenever you may return to SF!Best Wishes,Jordan Whitney
the galleria park is a fantastic hotel. just back from staying in san fran over new year. room spacious, clean, modern, big bathrooom and comfiest bed ive ever slept in. Beautiful roof top terrace to unwind in and a beautiful lobby with an open fire. The hotel is in a good location near union square and chinatown. staff couldnt have helped enough, kind, courtious and ensured we had a very enjoyable stay. Thank you Galleria park hotel. :)
We spent four nights in the hotel during our last stay in SF. The location was perfect - close to the train and walking distance (we walk a lot) to many places that were of interest. But our room was tiny - the dresser drawers did not open all the way because the bed was in the way. The walls are paper thin. We heard conversations of our next room neighbors as if they were in our room - they were not being loud.
Just returned from 4 nights at the Galleria Park. We discovered the hotel through The Joie de Vivre website. We booked a great deal at a significant discount. So happy we discovered this wonderful hotel! Here are the reasons we loved our stay.- Great location! A short walk from the BART and buses. Centrally located for all attractions- Good neighborhood- Exceptional staff- always available and willing to go the extra mile- Clean well appointed rooms and bathrooms- Newly renovated- A/C in roomsWe would stay here again in a heartbeat. A simply delightful stay. And again, cannot say enough about the staff. They were all genuinely friendly and took time to see to any needs we had.Highly recommend.
I have stayed in several hotels in San Francisco for the AGU fall meeting that happens annually. I have really enjoyed every hotel I stayed in (Orchard, Omni, Seal Point Inn, Marriott) - but there is something a little more personal about the Galleria Park that I really liked. Its very covenient for the Moscone and although the room I had was quite small with not much view (just a regular Queen), I felt that I didn't need any more room than that because it was so well-put together. The reception staff were very friendly and helpful. I expect to return to this one! That's a 4.8 rather than a 5 ---- clock radio didn't work and was a bit grubby.
The best hotel in the Union Square area...the best staff ever....need to know where to go and what to do,,they have all the answers...you will enjoy your stay at the GALLERIA PARK HOTEL...easy to all location
My husband and I recently visited San Fransico and stayed at the Galleria Park Hotel. Through online reviews and proximity within the city, we selected the Galleria---and they lived up to the high reviews! It is a beautiful, clean boutique hotel that is close to everything. We never needed a car and it was a pleasure to come back to just hang out in the room. The bed was comfortable, the sheets soft, nice furnished room and frankly it was a cool historic building the old Sutter Hotel. They even offer a really cool afternoon wine get together in the lobby. The best part however, is the staff. They were so warm, friendly and incredibly helpful. Whatever we needed or asked, they addressed with a smile and immediately took care of. Some of the best customer service I've seen in a while--and my family travels often. If go back to San Fransico, I will be making my reservation again at the Galleria. It was a wonderful experience.
Great little boutique hotel right in the heart of downtown San Francisco.. Perfect walking location close to Union Square and the cable cars, smaller but beautifully appointed modern rooms, very friendly staff and a lovely lobby. I would highly recommend this hotel.
Free wine hour is brilliant. Lovely hotel in great Central location. Easy walk to Chinatown and union square. Rooms a bit small though. Comfy beds. Staff all more than helpfulWould definitely stay here again if back in San Francisco Hello there,Happy New Year's! Thank you so much for your 5 star review! We take great pride in taking care of our guests so we appreciate your time in writing this review!We look forward to seeing you back at the Galleria Park Hotel! Best,Suzie Yang
Near Union Square. Short walk to Moscone Center. Design beautiful. Price appropriate. Staff very friendly. Outstanding. You really notice. Would stay again. Financial sector and Chinatown close. Not far from Trolley. A few blocks.
I stayed at this hotel during a quick overnight trip to San Franscisco. The hotel is Rey conveniently located right in the heart of the business district. The staff was exceptionally courteous and the property was great. My room was quite small since this is an older property but the room was nicely furnished, clean and quiet. What more can you ask for when traveling on business
We found the hotel staff to be very helpful and courteous at check in and check out in addition to some useful suggestions with regard to logistics to get around the city. We would definitely stay at the hotel again.
This was our second visit to the Galleria Park Hotel and we were not disappointed. The Executive King rooms are large, especially for San Francisco hotels, and comfortable. The disadvantage is that they face Kearny Street, and there is traffic noise all day and night (the hotel staff will give you earplugs!). The front desk staff and the valets/bell men are helpful and friendly. The wine hour is a wonderful late afternoon offering. There are many good restaurants and tourist sites within walking distance. There are two negatives: the housekeeping is inconsistent, some days much more thorough than others, and the parking is very expensive (not unexpected in San Francisco).Nevertheless, we will certainly return a third time!
Stayed here for work with Family. Everyone, from the bellman, to the front desk staff or late afternoon wine concierge were amazing. Great location, and very, very clean. While the rooms are a bit on the small size, they are well appointed. I love it's a renovated older hotel as you get the best of the past and the present.
Decided to do a quick SF downtown get away and this hotel was in a perfect location - walking distance to Union Square, Chinatown and North Beach. If you need to visit the wharf, hop on public transit a few blocks down. Gallerias room is small but very quaint and have been updated so one doesn't feel claustrophobic ! We had the queen bed and it was just right for a night - travel light - not a lot of floor space but they do have a small closet for your luggages. Rooms are small but it didn't bother us- bed linens were comfortable that's what matters. The property also has a third floor which opens up to a garden and small running track if you need to stretch your legs ! The reservation agent provided us with a pretty good deal so I couldn't turn it down - nice boutique hotel in the heart of the city. Wifi- free the first night ONLYParking- 49 a night with in and out privilegesFree wine reception in the evenings from 4-6pm in the lobby.Will come back since they gave us 15 off for the next booking.Dear MillieWT,Thank you so much for the five-star review!!We are all pleased that your recent stay at Galleria Park went well enough that you plan to return in the future! The location is a wonderful draw to those looking for a city getaway for the weekend as you are able to access all of San Francisco without a car thanks to public transit. The Garden Terrace is a huge hit with our guests because it is very unique to have a green space in the center of a city (especially on the 3rd floor of a hotel!) Having a garage of our own is great, as it allows us to offer the valet service that is important to a number of our guests who need access to their car throughout their stay.We look forward to your return visit in the future!Sincerely,Jordan Whitney
Very modern and fresh hotel in the center of downtown. The staff in the reception were very friendly and helped me and my boyfriend to give good recommendations for dining and drinks. We also got upgraded to a suite for a good price. The hotel had parking service but it was a bit pricey so we parked in a public parking just a block away from the hotel. Would definitely go there again.
Stayed at the Galleria Park for 3 weeks for the holidays this year. Centrally located, this hotel provides both a very comfortable and home-like atmosphere in the heart of the city. The staff is more than helpful, cordially greeting guests, often by name! Wine Hour is a wonderful way to meet other guests a great way of providing a BB atmosphere. Just a charming place to stay while visiting San Francisco!Dear Guest,Thank you for choosing to stay with us during the Holidays and for taking the time to review your recent stay at the Galleria Park Hotel, San Francisco. We are delighted to hear that you appreciated the home-like atmosphere as well as our great location in the heart of San Francisco. We look forward to welcoming you and your family back in the near future.Sincerely,James LimManaging Director
Don't understand what others are saying when they say the rooms are spacious. I stayed in two of them, begged for a larger room, and was told they don't exist. These are very small rooms. The best benefits to this hotel are that it is indeed very well located and the company that owns it is a great group. But, here is what I kept thinking during my recent stay:The old mare has been ridden hard and put to bed wet. Joie de Vivre has put a 1,000 saddle on a 5 horse. Some paint (celedon), some fun art (mostly drawings and sketches) and cleaned her up a bit. But the trim is beat to hell, floor covering isn't secure in places, window air conditioners, dark rooms. If you like Joie de Vivre hotels as I do, let's encourage them to rehab the Galleria Park Hotel. She deserves it.
I stayed here for a two day weekend in between business trips. Found the hotel on Tripadvisor.com and the reviews gave me the confidence to book.The reviews were correct. Very nice hotel in a central location. Close to Union Square to catch the tour busses. I will stay here again the next time Im in San Francisco.
The most redeeming aspect of this hotel is its central location. It is conveniently located to most central SF sights and even has an amazing cafe/bakery next door. The rooms were fairly clean and free internet was fast.Quality/setup of the rooms varied tremendously. We were initially placed into room 810, which is a terrible room (despite the website's claim that king rooms are 300 sq ft). It is extremely small, shaped awkwardly, and has a tiny short stand alone closet that cannot even accommodate a normal men's shirt vertically on a hanger. The worst part, however, was that we had requested a quiet room and found out that the room was connected by a locked door to a neighboring suite. You could hear every whisper, shout, suitcase opening, etc. There was literally no insulation (the worst I've ever seen in a connecting room situation).We were then transferred to a different room with two beds that was a good size and had an actual closet. Both bathrooms were not practically designed with no real space to place anything next to the sink.Overall, would recommend if at a good price but don't hesitate to switch rooms if you get something terrible.Dear vvv3,Thank you very much for taking the time to review us at Galleria Park. Your feedback is greatly appreciated.I must agree that Galleria Park is in a great location, as it is very easy to access via transportation but also near enough to many SF attractions that you can choose to walk. As a hotel that is over 100 years old our rooms do vary, and I would like to sincerely apologize that the first was not to your taste. I am pleased to hear that the second was much better and you were able to enjoy your stay with us.We hope to see you the next time you return to the city.Best,Jordan Whitney
Fantastic location near Union Square with easy access and travel options. Room decor is very tasteful and housekeeping are doing a wonderful job. Lovely complimentary toiletries etc. Valet parking is fantastic and the staff couldn't be more helpful with directions and advice. Thoroughly recommend this hotel and hope to return.Dear Annette P, What a spectacular review!Thank you for your kind comments about our housekeeping team, they are the unsung heroes of our property. I truly think that what makes our proerty special is the people that work here and am thrilled we were able to provide you with a comfortable stay. Thank you again for taking the time to share your thoughts and we'll see you soon! Sincerely, Charlie Stocker
My wife and I had a great experience at the Galleria Park Hotel. We stayed for the weekend and used the valet for our car. The 5 star service and great central location was everything we could hope for and more. I highly recommend this hotel and would stay here again.
Overall Galleria Park is great. One thing I would like to mention is that it is very close to Chinatown -- walking distance. We went to Chinatown almost everyday during the stay for great Chinese food. Also, it is close to Union Square, where many shopping options are available.Dear ChenhuiShao, Thank you for such a great review!We are indeed extremely close to Chinatown, as you experienced, which opens up a world of great culinary options for our guests. It sounds like your stay was the perfect combination of 2 very important vacation essentials: eating and shopping. Thanks again for sharing your thoughts and hopefully we can invite you back soon!All the Best, Charlie Stocker
This was a lovely hotel. The staff were super friendly and very helpful. We received a complimentary upgrade to a king room and the bed was so comfortable. The hotel was in a good location- found it to be quiet and out of the way however was still in walking distance to shopping and restaurants. The business centre offers free internet (you get 20 minutes every 24 hours) which was handy because I didn't have my own laptop. I would definitely stay here again.
We stayed here for 3 nights and were made to feel very welcome. Staff were all very helpful and the complimentary wine hour was appreciated.The rooms are small by American standards but recently renovated and well equipped with a super shower. Lovely and clean, highly recommended.Dear Mr. DouglasBell,Thank you for taking the time to share your positive experience with tripadvisor readers.I am very pleased to hear that you liked our newly-renovated hotel. We are almost done with the renovation, except for the restaurant that will be opening this Fall as a French-bistro, called Gaspar Brasserie. We are lucky indeed to be located in one of the best areas in San Francisco downtown, being just steps away from key places to visit in San Francisco, such as Union Square, Chinatown, the Ferry Building, and many more. I hope you enjoyed the rest of your travels and we hope to see you again soon.Sincerely,James LimManaging Directorjlimjdvhotels.com
We visited Galleria as part of a trip to the states that included getting married whilst we were there. The hotel had sent a welcome email the day before our stay and I emailed back to advise the reason for our visit. The hotel were quick to reply and advise they were looking forward to our visit. Upon arrival the staff could not have been more helpful. Everyone we spoke to was lovely! Whenever we walked past the front desk the team would always take time to acknowledge us. We were upgraded to a bigger room on the top floor and it was fantastic. The bed is great and the air conditioning kept the room really cool. Plenty of wardrobe space, a fridge and coffee making facilities. The only slight downside was the bathroom was reletively small in comparison. The wine happy hour is a nice touch and when we arrived (during happy hour) the hotel staff offered us to take a glass up to our room with us. The gym is small but adequate, the same for the walking/jogging track outside. The hotel is in a great location. An Uber from the airport cost about 30 Dollars. What makes this hotel is the friendly team - absolutely outstanding and would be the number 1 reason we would return again to this hotel. Well done and thank you Galleria!
I recently spent several nights at this hotel while attending a convention. Let me get the negative out of the way: my room was tiny.I don't know if I would have received a slightly larger room had there been a second adult on my reservation, but my first thought when I entered the room was that I was glad I was alone because there was not enough room for two people's luggage.But once I got settled, I was cozy and happy in that room. I was not bothered by noise from the hallway. Both room and common areas were clean. Hotel staff were gracious and friendly. Water pressure was fine.The convention center ( and the Museum of Modern Art) is a 10-minute walk from the hotel, which is faster than taking a car, and 10-15 minute walk to other hotels that attract conventioneers. Easy to get an Uber if you want to get to other parts on San Francisco. Plenty of places just a few steps away to get an easy breakfast. They have a laid-back happy hour in the early evening which is a nice little perk. Overall, I would just say that I felt very safe and welcome in that hotel. I would definitely consider it for a future visit in the financial/convention district.
Everything about the Galleria Park was top-notch - from pre-arrival communication with Galen to the lovely, comfortable room, to the delicious complimentary coffee and wine. Convenient location and attentive staff make this a great choice for a visit to San Francisco.Dear lyndele, Thank you for your 5-star review!It makes me overjoyed to read that we were able to put all the pieces together to equal a great stay for you (and free wine never hurts to help influence that). We hope you will come visit us again soon!Best Regards, Charlie Stocker
We stayed here for a convention. It was so convenient to everything, especially the shopping and dining in Union Square. Only a block or so from Chinatown Gate! The staff were great, really convenient valet parking. The rooms were small, but we were travelling with another couple so ended up with adjoining rooms. This helped a lot, especially since we were also travelling with a toddler, who went to bed earlier than us. Very quiet room on the centre courtyard area. Kind of dark, though, since no sunlight filters down through the tall buildings of the financial district. I would definitely stay here again. Free wine reception every day at 5:30pm. Nice touch.
I came to SF for a friend's memorial and this hotel was one of the hotels chosen for out of town guests.We ended up having a large group coming in from everywhere . I stayed for 6 nights and could not of felt more at home. For such a central city location the rooms were spacious enough(small bathrooms but nicely done) and well decorated. I like to sleep in a cold dark room and the air conditioning worked very well(I froze my friend who shared the room with me) and the drapes blocked the morning sun well. . The building is historical(the stairways are really neat) but it feels very well maintained.The lobby has a fun modern/retro design that I felt comfortable sitting in while enjoying the complimentary wine in the evenings. The morning coffee was above hotel quality and I enjoyed several cups from the mezzanine and also the little espresso machine in my room. You can walk all over from here...very close to BART station and the Dragon Gate. I flew in from TN but some of our group drove and the parking attendants were helpful running back and forth to vehicles (which are valeted in the basement) to find sunglasses and such. I had a bit of trouble sleeping on the soft mattress (plus jet lag from a three hour time difference) and a friend called down to the front desk and they CHANGED MY MATTRESS for me, I feel like that was WAY above what I could ever expect. I also got a new toothbrush too because I dropped mine behind the toilet(eww),and they asked if I needed anything else and listed several items(like razors and mouthwash) that they could give me . They were prompt and polite and never made me feel that asking was a burden, basically I felt taken care of at a time that could have been only sad, but our group could come together in the lobby or in various rooms and enjoy the memory of our beloved lost friend. Thank you so much for a wonderful stay.Dear KAFinley,Thank you very much for the glowing five-star review. We are very appreciative of the opportunity to receive feedback from our guests.We are thrilled to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us, however it is with heavy hearts that we extend our condolences to you and yours. I personally love when guests compliment the decor/history of the building, as it is amazing to me how we are able to keep this 100+ year old building in such great shape. Thank you very much for kind words of the staff and the service that we deliver. Our team works extremely hard to exceed our guests expectations and its great to know you felt as such.We hope to see you for a return stay at Galleria Park the next time you find yourself traveling to San Francisco.Best,Jordan Whitney
My husband and I travelled to San Francisco on business, and we found the Galleria Park Hotel to have exceeded our expectations. The hotel itself is very trendy yet professional and business-minded. The only reason I gave the Rooms category 4/5 stars is because it was moderately sized (not spacious, not small) it had a more urban loft-like feel. What stands out the most was their service--the Front Desk was very friendly and accommodating with anything that we needed. They had some very good specials going (which can be seen on their website). The special we took advantage of was free parking, which is a real plus in the city. Their location makes them walking distance to just about all the attractions in the city. Plus, there is a complimentary Architecture Tour. We travel a lot and have stayed at many top-name hotels, and we would definitely prefer to stay here again as our top choice for San Francisco.
San Fran was the first stop of our trip and everyone here made us feel very welcome. Its a small but great hotel. Room was a little snore and lacked storage for clothes but other than that everything was perfect. Location is on the money as well! Thanks for a great stay.
The Galleria Park has become my downtown hotel when attending conferences at Moscone Center. It's a lot more relaxing and personal than the bad-service-mega-Marriott or other downtown choices. Being on the 'other' side of Market means you discard all (well almost all) the other conference go-ers, giving yourself a break from the noise and crowd. The hotel is small and quiet and the staff is excellent, going out of their way to make you feel welcome. Coffee and wine are served complementary in the morning and early evening (respectively). I have just two small issues which prevented this review from being an EXCELLENT. First, our room was REALLY small this time the bathroom sink was in the bedroom, and the shower was so tiny my husband couldn't really fit in it. Previously, my rooms have been somewhat larger. Second, the staff was unable to give me a good restaurant recommendation for dim sum... I know I can't expect the front desk to replace a concierge, but this seems like a pretty common request. But otherwise, the stay was great and I will do it again!Dear Janae L,Thank you for the lovely review of our property. We are so proud to be your go-to downtown SF hotel when attending conferences. We're glad to know you find our atmosphere to be more relaxing and personal than the stereotypical conference hotels. We also love the compliments of the team as we aim to deliver service that is friendly yet professional for every guest who walks through our doors. I do apologize regarding the lack of dim sum restaurant recommendations - be sure to hunt me down next time... I've got a few places in mind! We hope to see you again for the next convention!Best,Jordan Whitney
What a great hotel! We enjoyed the location being so close to Chinatown and Union Square and some delicious restaurants. A short walk to the ferrry pier or the cable cars was a plus too. Ben at the front desk gave us some delicious restaurant suggestions too! Our room on the alley side was quiet, cool, and dark and the beds were very comfortable. We slept great! Having the water bottles daily were a big help and the wine in the afternoon was a nice touch. Overall a great stay and I thought a more personal touch being a smaller boutique hotel. I would highly recommend it!
We stayed here recently on our first trip to San Francisco, and I was a little apprehensive to stay at a boutique hotel to begin with, however, I was pleasantly surprised. The staff at this hotel are great, very friendly and helpful! They gave us a free upgrade, and also offer free wine tasting each night to allow you to mingle with the other guests.Its located in a great spot, within walking distance of Union Square, Chinatown, shops etc.My only piece of constructive criticism, it would be great if the hotel offered breakfast, it currently only offers complimentary tea and coffee. Other than that, a great stay, and I would recommend it!Dear evelyn466,Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback. We are elated to hear the time was able to ensure a great stay and that you enjoyed our unbeatable location, and daily wine hour. We hope to welcome you back in the not too distant future!Warm wishes,Jeffrey Rosenkrantz
Spent 6 days / nights at the Galleria Park Hotel while attending a family wedding in San Francisco. The Galleria is very conveniently located close to shopping, sites and restaurants. The hotel offers a wine tasting which we enjoyed.The room was clean and the bed were very comfortable however I found the room small and tight to walk around furniture. My cousin and I shared the room and for two women it lacked enough mirrors, electrical outlets and the lighting was poor. With a bit of updating it would be a fabulous hotel, right now it is a good hotel.The people at the front desk were very pleasant and helpful. I would stay here again.
Stayed for a weekend with my family in one of the hotel's park suites. Firstly the good bits - good amount of space for a San Fran hotel. Very well located for walking to both Union Square and the Embarcadero and most other attractions. Bed was comfortable, the staff were helpful and the fittings and fixture are, for the most part, in good condition and visually appealing and the room was well cleaned. Son was able to have a sofa bed in the lounge room which was useful. We took our own luggage up to the room - personally prefer this as the US tipping culture drives me a little bonkers and I know how to operate a TV and what a shower looks like!The disadvantages are primarily the noise. If you have a room with walls to the street, bring ear plugs - it isn't well sound proofed and after 3 nights we were longing for a decent night's sleep. Some of the furniture looks like it was there from some previous iteration of the hotel - our TV cabinet/chest of drawers looked out of place and somewhat tatty against more modern furnishings. There is no breakfast so you will have to go and find something - not that that's a big deal in San Francisco. They could also do with turning the aircon down in the main hall - it was a little arctic at times!Would we stay there again Probably not as the noise was a bit too much which is a shame as other than that it's a perfectly decent hotel.Dear SwissNomad1,We really appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback with us. Good or bad we are always open to hearing back from our guests. This allows us to find areas in which we can improve our customer's experience in our property. I will make sure to share your feedback with our team about the negative experience you encountered during your stay to try to find a solution. On a positive note, I am excited to share that we are going to be undergoing a renovation at the end of the year which will improve the appearance of our guest room product. Hopefully, once the renovation is completed you will allow us a second opportunity to exceed your expectations. Best,Angelina Barragan
My husband and I came to San Francisco for a family wedding. Arrangements had been made for us by the wedding party.Check-in was a pleasure....our room was ready early, the staff was so friendly and helpful. Everytime we came downstairs to the lobby someone greeted us...very often by name, asked what we had planned for the day...made suggestions. We felt really comfortable and very welcome. Our room was lovely and the hotel was so centrally located that we were able to walk to the metro and bart or to pick up a local bus. We look forward to returning to this gem of a hotel.
We enjoyed our visit to this hotel, and found the staff to be very accommodating and friendly. Convenient location. Adjacent coffee shop has good breakfast. Rooms clean and modern if a tad small, which is to be expected for SF. Room faced Sutter which was a little noisy, but unavoidable because the staff told us that all double rooms face that street.Dear Drcoleb,Your fantastic review is most appreciated. We are delighted to hear the team and hotel exceeded all of your expectations while you were able to enjoy our unbeatable location. We look forward to your next visit!Warmest wishes,Jeffrey RosenkrantzAssistant Front Office Managerjrosenkrantzjdvhotels.com
My stay at the Galleria Park hotel was miraculous. The second you arrive, if you drove there, you're greeted by friendly and very helpful valet personal. They immediately helped me with all my belongings and did not have to worry about hauling them into the hotel and crowd the front desk with all of my suitcases. Everyone on staff we very friendly and polite. The room that I had stayed in was very cozy and relaxing. With nice, soothing colors that didn't look too plain. It was nicely decorated. Everything was great about our room. Our floor's bathrooms had not been remodeled yet, but I can not wait to go back to see what they look like after. The location of the hotel was ideal. It was just a few blocks away from Union Square, so we were able to walk right there in less the 5 minutes. Did not have to worry about parking or anything, they overnight parking there was the cheapest in San Fransisco that I have ever seen. All in all, the hotel was very homey and wouldn't stay anywhere else!
We stayed here with our 7yr old on a family trip. Location very convenient to Montgomery BART station and other public transportation . Can be a bit loud when garbage truck arrives early in morning so ask for garden rooms. We chose space over that and had 2 queen beds and room to move around . My 7yr old remarked this was her favorite hotel . She had popcorn and water with green apples during the nightly wine reception . If you're looking for a centrally located hotel, this is your place ! 2 blocks from Chinatown, 2 blocks from two different cable car lines and bus stops on the corner . 7-11 on one corner for snack runs and bakery next door with amazing cappuccinos and lattes . Guests were a mix of business travelers, families, and retired couples. Staff provided excellent service. My 7yr old is still talking about this place!!Dear Amanda H, Thank you for the five star review of Galleria Park!I am rather pleased to hear that your family enjoyed your recent stay with us. As you made mention of, we definitely are in a great location with easy access to public transportation and also walking distance to a number of San Francisco attractions. We love to hear that you found our service to be excellent, because our team puts everything into caring for our guests.We look forward to a return visit, which is now inevitable as even your child is talking about us!Best Wishes,Jordan Whitney
Lovely little hotel in a brilliant part of a brilliant city. Cannot complain about any aspect of staying here as it was all wonderful however short. A 2 minute walk out of the hotel you can find a Starbucks for breakfast followed by a wander through china town. Would definitely recommend.
I'm a big fan of Joie De Vivre hotels. We stayed at the one in Lincoln Park, Chicago and I looked for one in San Francisco. The rooms are very spacious for a metropolitan area and Richard at the front desk along with Peter at the door were so helpful and friendly. There are many nice restaurants near by and you're not far from public transportation. We were in walking distance of Chinatown and Union Square. Fisherman's Wharf is about 2 miles but we had a streetcar that went directly there. When I travel I will continue to book with them. p.s. The restaurant is undergoing renovations currently but next store was a great place for coffee, baguettes, fruit, sandwiches etc. All was very tasty and not crazy expensive.
I stayed here with the rest of my family during the Fourth of July weekend. The staff was very helpful and was very quick in helping us. Smooth sailing the whole two nights there. The free Keurig coffee and Tazo tea are easy pluses, and the homey feeling is just too good to resist. While my family and I were there, there was no room service because they were working on a restaurant. Too bad I won't be there when it's finished, but I can't say I'm not excited for it! All in all, for anyone who wants to be in a place that feels like home but is still close to the center of San Francisco, the Galleria Park Hotel is the place to go.
There are only 2 good things to say about this hotel. It has a great location and is better than sleeping on the street. That's it.
Weve stayed at the Galleria Park Hotel a hand full of times over these past 10+ years. It's a nice quaint property. My wife and I were booked to stay there this last weekend (6/29-7/1/2018). However, upon confirming our reservation online last week, I noticed that a new Urban Amenity Fee fee was added and my new stay total was increased by almost 50. I was not contacted when this fee was imposed. I inquired as to what additional amenities this fee would be providing, above and beyond what was already offered at the hotel. Unfortunately, the General Manager Suzie Yang didn't feel it was necessary to respond. So, I cancelled and will not patronize this property again. It seems San Francisco boutique hotels feel their properties are worth the extra fee. Why not just raise the daily rate instead of adding deceitful fees We, instead, booked at the Hilton Union Square on O' Farrell Street. The Hilton was not only less expensive, they don't charge this ridiculous and underhanded Urban Amenity Fee. The Hilton has MANY more amenities and is actually located closer to Union Square. There are a multitude of restaurants and bars in the area, unlike the Galleria Park.Dear David S,We are deeply saddened to hear the Urban Amenity Fee has caused you to make the decision to stay elsewhere. We instituted this fee with the new year 2018 as a means to provide extra benefits for our guests.The 20 nightly charge allows us to deliver far behind the included amenities from the past. With our nightly sipping hour, we have introduced the service of gin martinis on top of the wines, WiFi access has been upgraded to higher speeds for all guests, all local and long distance phone calls are now available with no extra per usage costs, we now have phone chargers as well as portable power banks for our guests to utilize during their stay, water bottles are now provided without the high cost of the mini bar, and we now have passes available to be used at the 24 Hour Fitness studio. Our belief is to be transparent regarding this fee, which is why we disclose the added cost for our guest at the time of booking, in the confirmation email and once again reiterated at the time of check-in.We hope you will reconsider staying with us again the next time your travels bring you back to San Francisco.With warm regards,Jeffrey RosenkrantzAssistant Front Office Managerjrosenkrantzjdvhotels.com
This was a very nice hotel. The front desk staff was very helpful with directions on how to get to the ballpark. The room while on the smaller side was very nice and well decorated. It was located in a nice section of town. I actually got lost walking home from AT T Park and never felt unsafe while trying to find the hotel.Dear Darcy K,Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback about your stay! We are thrilled to hear that you chose to stay with us for your visit to ATT park. As you mentioned we are very fortunate to be within walking distance of a number of attractions that our city has to offer. Please feel free to reach out to us if there is anything we can do to assist you on a future visit to San Francisco.Best,Angelina Barragan
This hotel is ideally suited for both shopping (Union Square) and access to the business district (about a 15 minute walk). There are fabulous restaurants also in the area. I would highly recommend particularly if you are a fitness enthusiast. There is a small gym (my only issue would be that there were queues every morning for the one treadmill) but there is also an outdoor running area which is nice to get some of the SF sun. There are a few free weights as well.Dear Marie S,Thank you for taking the time to review our property!I'm very happy you were able to enjoy all the fine things that make this location ideal from the dining, shopping, and the proximity to the Financial District. I am sorry that you encountered lines for the treadmill in the morning, due to the location of our hotel we have a number of business travelers who like to work out in the morning. Luckily we do have the walking track available to our guests and we also have wonderful jogging maps available that give you a few flat routes.We look forward to welcoming you back the next time you are in the city!Best Wishes,Jordan
I thought the location of the hotel was excellent. The service was good especially the valets. However, we saw some very large cockroaches which we did not expect to see, when we brought it up to the front desk, he said, oh yes, because we are located next to restaurants. I have stayed in Many hotels next to many restaurants and have never seen this before. Rather disappointing. Hello, I hope you had an amazing 60th birthday and thank you for celebrating your special day in SF and our hotel. I appreciate the compliments about our valet team, they truly go out of their way to ensure our guests are taken care of.In regards to the cockroaches, we have already called our vendor to inspect all areas of the hotel. We have routine pest control, there may be other nearby establishments that may not. Regardless, we are going to ensure that this is a focus so no other guests experience what you did. I appreciate you letting us know.I do apologize that this made your stay less than what you have expected.If you do come back to SF, please don't hesitate to email me directly at syangjdvhotels.com.Best,Suzie Yang
We stayed here for the 4th of July weekend and loved the location. We walked everywhere from nearby Chinatown, to Pier 1 all the way to Pier 39 to watch the fireworks. Everything is close by and we recommend Bread and Cocoa next door for breakfast and great coffee. So many restaurants and shops nearby, you will not be disappointed. Also, Bart Montgomery stop is only about two blocks away so transportation from the airport round trip was only about 18 per person. Dear JeremiahP,Thank you for sharing your feedback with us! We are thrilled to hear that you found our location to be convenient for your visit to San Francisco. Our location provides a number of transportation options for our guests to get about our city without having to get in a car. Guests are also within walking distance of a number of highly rated restaurants and bars for all tastes. Thank you again for taking the time to share your experience with us.Best,Angelina Barragan
We booked the Galleria Park for a 3-night stay based on recommendations of a friend who was familiar with the Joie de Vivre hotel line. Got the best rate, which was very reasonable, by booking directly with the hotel. The hotel's in a great location in downtown SF with easy access to restaurants, shopping, public transit, etc. Front desk staff was most friendly and accommodating upon check in. The lobby is warm and inviting with a fireplace in the corner. Our room was decorated nicely and super clean. Liked that the bathroom had a small window overlooking the street that could be opened for ventilation. The terrace (on the 4th floor, I believe) was like a green and relaxing oasis in the center of the city. Only critical comment is that our king-bed room was limited in size, as is often the case in older hotels. Our traveling companions had a 2-queen-bed room at a little higher rate that was more spacious.
I stay at the Galleria Park Hotel about 8-10 nights a month for business. They consistently go above and beyond to provide the comforts of home. The location is ideal for business in the financial district and is close to some of the best restaurants in China Town, North Beach, Union Square, etc. If you are a Joy of Life member they treat you like family, even if you don't frequent this location it's worth joining. The staff is some of the best in the business, from the friendly smiles at the front desk, to the hard work of the sales and reservations team behind the scenes. Very minor issues: the in-house fitness center is a bit small and underwhelming, expanding to two rooms instead of one would make a big difference. The restaurant situation seems to be improving, with a new on-site restaurant opening soon. They have been through about three different restaurants in the same number of years, so lets hope the latest one sticks around for awhile.Whether on business or personal travel, I'd suggest giving the Galleria a try, you won't be disappointed.
I had a great experience with everyone I came in contact with. While booking my room, Ben was awesome! He answered all the questions I was going to ask before I could ask them! We took BART into the city it was a short walk from the Montgomery station. Upon arriving the lobby was a little busy, but we were greeted immediately. They had a wine reception going on in the lobby that was very well attended. Andrew was great-he had a great smile was very friendly! Jill was awesome we had our room in just a few minutes. The room was great! The property is over 100 yrs old. I liked that they kept the older charm but modernized the rooms. The bathroom is great-large shower! The staff gave us a great recommendation for dinner. Stephen was great when we had an issue w/our key.The location is great. Just a few blocks to Union Square. Quiet in the evening due to being in the financial district. Great customer service by everyone! I will definitely be back!Dear K S,Thank you very much for the five star review of Galleria Park! We love to receive feedback from our guests.The entire GPH team is thrilled to learn your stay went well! We appreciate the shoutout to Ben, Stephen, Jill and Andrew as we feel the staff is what makes this hotel truly shine. On a personal note, I must say that I agree about the historic hotel with the modern feel... It is truly my favorite aspect of the entire property! We hope to see you when you return to San Francisco.Best,Jordan Whitney
I arrived in SF from NZ with wild jetlag...this was ameliorated by wine and canaps on arrival with an entertaining and diverse group of guests. The highlight of this trip to SF for me. The hotel is nice, stylish and well priced for SF. The inroom service food was average and I wouldn't recommend.
Overall, I had a great stay here. The front desk was exceptionally polite, and very helpful in arranging for a taxi and guidance on restaurants. This neighborhood is probably considered downtown/financial district, but it's just across the street from Chinatown too. Plenty of good restaurants within walking distance, but the immediate neighborhood does get quiet pretty early in the night. This is largely an area that people commute into for work, and then go back home elsewhere. I walked to North Beach a couple of times, and the walk was easy and interesting. You're also not very far from a handful of bus stops, so getting around shouldn't be a problem.As for the hotel, it was very clean (a must for me), quaint, well decorated, just trendy enough, and the rooms were done well. They're not extraordinarily large, but you have to expect that in NYC, San Francisco, Europe, etc. . . Having said that, I had plenty of space.Overall, great stay. My purpose was business and it was perfect for me. It could probably be in a more lively area for vacation, but you are not far from lively areas at all. I would recommend this to friends/family for sure.Thank you for taking the time to post a positive review about your recent experience in Galleria Park Hotel. I am pleased to hear that you appreciated the fantastic location of our hotel--just steps away from the world-famous destinations--Union Square and Chinatown.We hope to see you again soon.James Lim
Our room was small but the usage of space was amazing. I was so impressed with the cleanliness, decor and comfort of the room. The location of the hotel was great. We were able to walk to multiple districts (Union Square, SoMa, ChinaTown, North Beach). The hotel staff was very friendly and polite. Great places to eat/drink within a couple of blocks of the hotel. Business center was very nice.
My husband, best friend and I just spent four nights at the Galleria Park Hotel and loved it. It is difficult to find an affordable hotel with two queen beds in San Francisco and this place was perfect. The staff is the best EVER! The concierge spent fifteen minutes hailing a cab for us right after the St. Patrick's parade when every cab was already full. The staff gave excellent suggestions on restaurants. Make sure you try Bread and Cocoa next door for breakfast. And check out the walking track outside on the third floor it is a great place for morning coffee.Dear KaynGeorge,Thank you for the 5 star review!We love to hear of guests who enjoy their time with us, especially when they are in the city for some of the more chaotic times. Thank you for the compliments on the staff, as they definitely work their hardest to anticipate needs and exceed expectations. The walking track is a hidden gem, but we love to see our guests enjoying themselves out there. BreadCocoa is a great choice, and we'll be sure to pass along the compliment to them!We hope to see you the next time you make a trip to San Francisco.Until Next Time,Jordan Whitney
We booked this hotel online the day before our 3 night stay. Although we booked on a discounted online site, we still found the price to be quite high, but all the hotels in San Francisco were quoting high prices at the time. I had been watching prices for our dates for a month or so and never found a reasonable deal in SF. It seems that hotel prices in San Francisco have risen significantly recently and with a 16 tax on hotel stays in the city, the prices are higher still. That said, we LOVED the location of this hotel. It was close to the Moscone Center where my husband was attending a conference and close to the Museum of Modern Art and Ferry Building which I visited. We had a car, but just kept it in the hotel garage and used Uber to get around for longer distances during our stay. Using Uber was quick, convenient, and the one reasonably priced thing we found in San Francisco. The charge for valet parking at the hotel garage was 49 per day, lower than prices for valet parking that we had seen at some other SF hotels. There was not a self parking option at the hotel garage, although there were public garages not far away that had a 36 per day rate. The hotel garage appeared a safer and more secure option to us, knowing that there is a high rate of car break-ins in SF (see a recent NY Times article about this). The staff at the hotel were helpful and very friendly, always greeting us pleasantly as we came and went. The bed in our room was very comfortable, the wifi worked well enough, and after asking, we were able to add more devices to the wifi for no additional charge. There was a coffee machine in the room, but it was only stocked with one capsule of caffeinated coffee and one capsule of decaf. When I asked for additional capsules, they brought them to our room, but I had to ask each day and at the price we were paying I would think they could have offered at least 2 caffeinated capsules per room. I found that I really needed the caffeinated version after being woken up numerous times, starting at 3am by garbage trucks and other loud street noise. Our room faced the street, and I'm guessing that this wouldn't be a problem with a room facing the inner courtyard. I would happily stay at this hotel again if I could get a quieter room facing the inner courtyard. The location is just hard to beat.Dear swissmiss001,Thank you very much for taking time and submitting a review after your stay at Galleria Park Hotel. Not only are we appreciative of your review, but our future guests will benefit form it as well!To begin, I would agree with your statements about our location. Being in such close proximity to the convention center is great, however that also means we are very close to some of the most well known SF landmarks. Valet parking is a great service our guests enjoy as it means that they do not have to go through the hassle of finding parking in our congested city. For future reference, if street noise is a concern please request an interior facing room - as we wish our guests to be as comfortable as possible.We are very appreciative of the compliments of our staff and hope to see you return on your next trip to San Francisco.Sincerely,Jordan Whitney
We stayed for two nights in a standard room. It was of a small size which while the bed was small it was comfortable. There was a small bathroom with a fair size shower enclosure which all functioned well. There was complimentary WiFi and TV with a fair number of channels to choose from. All the staff were very helpful and polite. Any sort of breakfast was non existent except for complimentary tea or coffee in the morning on a floor above the lobby. I have two gripes one is valet parking. I realise that parking in all large cities is very difficult but the charge that the Galleria makes is excessive. It amounted to 45 a day. My second gripe is with phone calls and the charges made. I made an 8 minute call to Monterey some 120 miles idistance n the same state and was charged 12 again another excessive charge. Other Hotels stayed at on this holiday I wasn't even charged for local calls.
The hotel is located in the heart of Union Square with a 100 walk score. The check - in was easy, room was clean, and staff was extremely friendly. I needed to leave my bag for a few hours after check - out and the bell man was able to help out. Will be staying here again!
The hotel rooms are very small and there is no breakfast or dinner in the hotel, which is not what I was looking for in a hotel experience at all. However, the service, for what they offered, was nice. I did like the valet parking.Dear davidmR4780XQ,Thank you for taking the time to share your honest review. While we are thrilled to hear the team delivered stellar service, we are deeply saddened your experience did not entirely live up to your expectations. Your comments regarding the food services availability will be taken into consideration as we strive to improve our services for the future.Best regards,Jeffrey RosenkrantzAssistant Front Office Managerjrosenkrantzjdvhotels.com
We stayed here recently for 3 nights. As we were travelling with our teenage son we needed a twin bedded room, this was on the 7th floor and whilst it was quite compact the beds were comfortable and there were free tea coffee making facilities.Also if you didn't have housekeeping and hung the relevant hanger on your door you were given 2 bottles of water the next day. We did this one day and we're going to it the next but decided to have our sheets and towels changed. I asked at reception if they could do this and by the time we returned from our sightseeing it had been carried out.There are no breakfast facilities at the hotel but tea and coffee are served in the mezzanine in the morning. You can get a good breakfast right next door as well. There's also a happy hour every night in the lobby where there is free wine and you can chat to other guests.All in all this hotel is modern in a lovely old building, great helpful staff and valet parking. Fantastic location for union square, easy walking distance to China town and to the port. There's a bus stop on the adjacent street as well.Great stay and would definitely recommend as a good location for checking out all of San Francisco's sights.
1. Got a great deal for a stay at The Galleria on Expedia ,so grabbed it .2. SF is all about location nothing beats if your centrally located , close to BART, MuNI stops , cable car , eateries , shopping hub !!3. Staff is very prompt tourist friendly .. Phone requests for pillows toiletries were honoured in matter of minutes.4. They offer complimentary wine hours in the evening at the hotel lobby coffee in the morning.5. The premises are spotless clean which makes it very much kid friendly ( I was staying with a 20 month old ).6. Check in Check out was done ridiculously quick , which always earns a brownie point !7. The Seven Eleven located next door will take care of all the breakfast , savory, daily water, etc requirements for an ordinary family traveller.8. Although i read some great reviews about their next door neighbourhood cafe Bread Cocoa , i didn't at all enjoy the food.9.We got a twin bed room as a part of the deal it more than sufficed our requirements even with a toddler in tow ! Need more luxury , check in at Hyatt or Hilton.. I have read travellers cribbing about room size in reviews.. No idea why ! You get what you pay . Period.10. They support the Go Green initiative for each day of no linen change ,a complimentary bottled water is offered to guests.11. All toiletries are Jonathan Adler products . Need i say more ) 12. Bedding pillows were very comfortable.We are very happy with our stay here during the July 4th Weekend.. Will definitely come back again. Keep up the good work guys.Dear tinss,Thank you so much for the detailed review of your stay! We really appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback with us. It sounds like our team really impressed you and we couldn't be more proud of their performance. We will make sure to share your kind words with them. Please feel free to reach out to us if there is anything we can do for you on a future visit.Best,Angelina
Stayed at this hotel for a quick stop in San Francisco and I must say it was a great stay. Beds were very cozy and guest room very clean. Although room was very small, it was comfortable for my husband and I.very beautiful decor and they nailed the boutique style. Shopping, cable cars, bus stop and BART was within walking distance and I was very thankful, because the hills are a killer. Whenever I'm in San Francisco in the future, this will be the hotel I stay at.Dear TerrecaM,Thank you so much for taking the time to share your feedback about your stay! Our team is thrilled to hear that you were pleasantly surprised by our property. We take great pride in the quality that our boutique hotel offers and only look to exceed our guests expectations. Our hotel is actually going to be starting a remodel at the end of the year so please make sure to return so experience our new guest rooms soon! Feel free to reach out to us if there is anything we can assist you with on a future visit.Best,Angelina Barragan
I canceled the stay after checking in. The room is small and cheap. The area is noisy. No wifi, no refrigerator, no microwave, no breakfast. and The cost is over price. Some time I was wrong in booking a room, but this one is the worst of all .
Management favors drug dealers, prostitutes and lots of short-term visitors to their rooms at all hours. Numerous signs warning that they are not responsible for your vehicle or its contents even though there is a security guard around. Avoid this neighborhood!
I travel alot with my husband for business and have stayed at Motel 6 through out the western states. My experience at this location has been favorable. The staff has been friendly both times I have stayed at this location. They offer rooms with 1 queen or 2 double beds. The first time we stayed here we had a room... More
Run down. Pay for WiFi. No breakfast. No fridge. Ice machine is broken. No coffee in lobby. Just stay away. The only benefit is a a gas station next door and a casino a block away. Do yourself a favour and go somewhere else.MoreEd, We are sorry that you were unsatisfied with the expected amenities however, Motel 6 standards for quality are rooted in economical practicalities to consistently deliver on our goal to provide the lowest price of any national chain. We encourage you to contact our Guest...More
My wife and I love visiting LA, and just got back from a trip we took with friends. It was our first stay at The London, and I am positive we will be going back the next time we find ourselves on the west coast. The room was great and felt spacious even for four guests. The complimentary breakfast was... More
I stay at the London every few months, when I come in for business and it always feels like more of a vacation. To the rooms, service, staff, food everything is always four star!! My husband was sick and they had the hotel dr call and got us meds from pharmacy. They did everything in their power to make his... More
I recently rented a one bedroom Metropolitan Suite at The London for an intimate 40th Surprise Birthday Party for my husband and all he could say the entire weekend was WoW'. The service was EXCELLENT, we live in Los Angeles and now feel like The London is a gem of the city. My husband has a very specific diet and... More
This was such a great experience I added two days on the end of a business trip in order to enjoy the pool and relax. The staff was excellent. Although, check in was not smooth nor overly friendly. The restaurant serves high quality food and the seafood choices were excellent. Drinks are expensive (likely to keep out the riff raf)... More
My husband and I wanted a weekend getaway in the city we live in as we are too busy with work to actually go anywhere and wanted a special place to celebrate our 2 year wedding anniversary, so we chose The London as our staycation! Let me go ahead and preface that we have stayed at The Mondrian, The Standard,... More
Do not trust what you read on the hotel's website. This is emphatically NOT a luxury, boutique hotel. It is not artful, luxurious, or intimate as the website claims. It is a poorly maintained, mediocre hotel. Tiny cramped lobby tiny, ancient, slow elevator barely big enough for two people and one piece of luggage each. Cramped room, so small the door to the bathroom only opened half way before it hit one of the two double beds. Old, cheap furnishings (my wife said it was reminiscent of the furnishings she had in her first apartment after college). The mattress was so hard we had to put the comforter under the bottom bed sheet to try to add some softness. Like sleeping on lightly padded plywood. Bathroom had stained grout on the tile, mold in the corners, stains on the mirror, dysfunctional shower head... (I have submitted pictures to document the poor quality and maintenance of the room.) And this was a better room than the first one they put us in. The original room was blazingly hot and the only window for ventilation opened onto a noisy street. At our request, they moved us to the third floor on the back side of the hotel. Three friends of ours got a room here, too, and they complained about the heat and noise. The hotel's breakfast consisted of a bunch of loaves of bread, a toaster, peanut butter and jam, and coffee and tea. There was a small refrigerator and microwave in the room, fortunately. I can only recommend this hotel if you can get a room for 100/night or less and you don't really care about quality or comfort. It's only asset is location. They do have a nice wine bar.Dear Paul H,we are sorry you did not have a good experience at the FItzgerald Hotel. As you have mentioned in your review, boutique hotels have usually a particular style which is different from city to city, and that varies from one boutique hotel to another: the Fitzgerald hotel does have its own unique style, which is a classic post-Victorian San Francisco one, with a furnishing and an elevator that are meant to recall that time. We understand that some customers may not like it, but that is also what makes the Fitzgerald hotel different from the others. Also, since we are downtown, there is nothing much we can do about the noise, but we will follow up on your suggestion and try to see whether we can do some work to better isolate the building from street noise. With respect to the poor maintenance, I have printed out your review and passed it on to our staff who is already working on fixing the issues you were mentioning: thank you very much for that. We hope your experience won't prevent you from staying again with us next time you are in San Francisco, and until then we will work to make sure that most of the issues you have found will be resolved. Thank you again for staying with us!
This hotel pleased me very much. The old elevator was identical to the one that was in my dear friends' building on Sutter Street. Loved that old elevator. My room was small but very comfortable. There was even a black washcloth especially for makeup. What a great idea. I had a rental car and worried about parking. I was given a card for a discount for parking around the block and paid only 18 for a whole day. Great deal. It was easy to park at the hotel door to check in and out.Outside of my room was a settee at the open window with sunlight streaming in. I read my newspaper there. The breakfast choices were amazing and included in the room price.The location was perfect for me...in an area of the city where I knew my way around. It was so easy to get to my meeting and back. the Staff were professional and kind. I would choose to saty here again in a minute.
I stayed here for 2 nights in July 2013.I originally made my booking through the Adelaide Hostel online and requested a private room.When I arrived at the Adelaide Hostel, I was greeted by one of the staff who was outside having a smoke. (The hostel is at the end of a short dirty alleyway with mostly rubbish bins on the street. It smells, looks and feels seedy) Having arrived at 10AM I was super early for the standard 3PM check in for a private room. She guided me across the road to store my bags. I asked her for directions to the closest train station. She fired off street names and intersections at me like I was a local and then went off. Completely useless. I quite literally just flew into San Fran and had told her it was my first time! Not impressed.Having come back at 3PM for check in I was told that the private rooms are a 5 minute walk away at another hotel. The gentleman at reception was really not friendly or helpful. I grabbed my bags and walked uphill with 2 x 23Kg bags to Post street. Crossed over and walked about 1 minute to the Fitzgerald Hotel.The check in staff couldn't didn't my booking but somehow found me a room! 5 minutes of humming and being a bit flustered by the check in girl. I was surprised that I had to pay for my whole stay up-front! Very strange. I was given room 204. Its the room above reception. The elevator is super old and small and smelly and dirty. Moving bags up in this was not easy.The room was clean but super small. The bed was surprisingly comfortable. The decor was circa 1980's B-grade movie style. The bathroom had not been cleaned properly and there were stray hairs all over the place. The bathroom was practical though. Oh, apart from the bathroom door being like a patio door. It was completely see through glass! So when my friend joined me on day 2 for 1 night, one of us had to leave the room so we didn't have to see the other doing the dirty deed! The room was not cheap either. Its USD 140 incl tax per night. This is cheap-ish in San Fran but not in general.The worst part The staff. ALL the staff I spoke with were really unhelpful and it felt like I was being a right royal nuisance every time I asked them something. I wasn't asking stupid questions either - practical questions like the best airport shuttle or the closest good quality diner. The real winner - was when I went down to reception at midnight to ask if someone could replace my in-room phone as it wasn't working and had to call overseas urgently. The guy there was so rude and so abrupt. He actually sighed and threw his laptop when I asked him to check my room phone or permit me to use the lobby phone. When he realized the phone was broken he apologized and let me use the lobby phone.The only good things about this hotel: (1) wifi is quick and reliable. (2) the location is handy to cafes, restaurants and public transport.
Except for the fact that one of the computers in the business center wouldn't work, this hotel does everything a hotel needs to do in a location that has very few decent accommodation choices. The room was available when I needed it, it was clean and comfortable. The restaurant is very good for both breakfast and dinner and it has... More
I thought the room was a bit overpriced since they don't offer any sort of breakfast other than the restaurant inside the hotel which you have to pay for with no discounts. The hotel staff was friendly, but we did have an issue with one of the cleaning staff who was a bit rude when asked if our room was... More
Danielle and her staff were excellent as always. The room was ready upon our late arrival and perfectly clean as usual! It is truly a pleasure to stay at this establishment whenever we are in the Red Bluff area! Highly reccommended by us!!
We have stayed here many times and would highly recommend it to everyone. The rooms are all wonderful, each with a different theme. They are large and very clean and have wonderful bathrooms. The best part about staying here is the wonderful staff. It is located in the picturesque town of Mc Cloud. Just lovely in every way, you would... More
Our son was married in the hotel's great room Saturday afternoon and we spent the night. The bride and groom stayed in the Arts Crafts room (close to the great room, parlor and stairs) and the girls used it for hair, makeup and childcare before the wedding. The whole set up for the event and guests was perfect. Everyone... More
Seriously - I don't need to lie on this update. I was able to take my lab with me to this perfectly beautiful place, they gave me special accomodations and I just go there to visit the mccloud falls and it ended up being the perfect trip. Totally going there again!
Excellent for what it is: a motel (not a hotel). Affordable, clean, and safe, with friendly folks running it. Dorris, CA is a bit noisy with trains and trucks, but that's not the motel's fault. The motel is a mere 4 minutes from The Lower Klamath Basin National Wildlife Refuge (and 8 minutes from the best spot to view bald... More
The Mendocino Inn and Spa had just been renovated when we stayed there. Rooms were spacious and comfortable. The grounds were still being restored, but nice. Park-like setting, a 15 minute walk to the ocean, 6 minute drive to the village - the location was perfect for us. Breakfast delivered to our room. Fireplace with a generous supply of wood.... More
Thoroughly enjoyed our stay here. Beautiful and peaceful property but within walking distance to town. Our host Uffe was terrific and very welcoming. Ferndale is a wonderful town with great shops and restaurants along with lovely heritage homes. Will definitely return again one day and...More
I always stay here when coming to Redding. I feel like a VIP. In addition to the great breakfast and free coffee, the free cookies in the evenings are delicious. It's located conveniently in the middle of town as well.
Due to business I stayed during the week from January until May and couldn't ask for a more comfortable hotel. The staff goes overboard to remember your name and special requests and the full breakfast is a hit, after all how do you go wrong with eggs made to order! The rooms are clean and spacious and the location is... More
Great place friendly staff clean and comfortable was only passing through would have loved to stay and explore and swim in the great outdoor pool!! Will decently plan a return trip to enjoy the wonderful hotel.
We LOVE Oxford Suites in Redding. We first stayed here on our wedding night, and since we were not able to take a honeymoon, we wanted it to be very special. We picked this hotel out of all the others in Redding because when we were looking for our room and mentioned it was for our wedding night, they were... More
From the people at check in to the housekeepers, we were treated as special customers and received the best customer service I have ever had at a hotel! Kristina, Kassie, and Cheri were so warm and welcoming that you felt like you were at home. The housekeeper, Lailonni was warm and friendly also and our room was immaculate. They have... More
This hotel was decent for the cost and the staff was very friendly. However, the room was smaller than I would have expected although it did include the basic amenities (e.g. coffee pot, hair dryer, microwave) which did help. The room included a front sitting room with a TV and couch and I was happy to have the separation from... More
Don't confuse this location with the extended stay location which you can see at the freeway offramp. this location is around the corner. It is quiet, clean and comfy. I can't ask for more from a budget chain motel room. The rooms are updated and modern, although I think the bright orange wall will get old quickly.
Excellent location. Old and tired building and room. This place definitely needs an upgrade desperately. Rooms are smaller than average hotel room and bathroom/ shower is cramped. No bathtub provided and it's standing shower only. Breakfast is lacking at best. Dining room is small and cramped. Wifi is unreliable and slow. Carpet in the room was very dirty and had... More
The place was clean and close to the Bay. The room was pricey, but I had points from Best Western. They had a nice wine and cheese. The breakfast was ok. Some of the food was frozen. I think the refrigerator is too cold. Yogurt was frozen, and the bananas were grey. The staff was friendly. I will return. Nice... More
The best thing about this hotel is the view from a 3rd floor view room of the Morro Rock. We stayed 2 nights and one night / sunset was beautiful and the early morning light shining directly on the rock was crystal clear and postcard perfect. The second day was very foggy and we could not see the rock so... More
We stayed here for two nights in November 2011. Our purpose of the trip was to see our Vancouver Canucks hockey team play the LA Kings and the Anaheim Ducks. Hotel was very clean and seemed quite new. Free parking and breakfast included. Booked it...More
Overall this two building property is kept up very nicely. There is free parking. And free breakfast. The property is a little on the older side. But it's kept up well and maintained nicely. The rooms were comfy, the mattress was alright. Could have been better. And the rooms were spacious and clean. My room had a connecting door, not sure if all of the rooms are like that. But it's not sealed very well and I could hear next door quite clearly. Also the rooms towards the back of the hotel building B and some of the ones of building A face the train which goes by fairly frequently. So if that bothers you probably take up room on the other side. It's very convenient to restaurants, the convention center, the stadium and even Disneyland.Dear Valued Guest,Thank you for your review. I am glad to see that overall you enjoyed your stay. Next time in town, please give us a call and we will make sure that you will not have a connecting room.Hope to see you soon.Hospitably,Greg WilliamsGeneral Manager
We had a pleasant and wonderful stay at this hotel. People are very friendly from the time you check in until you leave. Rooms are clean and beautiful my kids love it! Kudos to the Korean guy at the front desk in the evening of 12/7 he was very nice and friendly.Dear Guest,Thank you for sharing your experience at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium through the Guest Satisfaction Survey.As a Valued Guest, we appreciate your feedback and are delighted to hear that you had a great stay. With a spirit to serve, we take great pride in not only meeting, but exceeding your expectations. Your feedback is integral to our ability to continue to improve our service. Thank you again for your time and come visit us again soon! Sincerely,Edgar RiveraGeneral Manager gmtpsa247hotels.com
The room is set up very nicely with a couch, chair, flat screen TV, large table for a desk and chair. It has a kitchenette with a small electric stove, full size frig, dishwasher, toaster, and small microwave, coffee maker. It is equipped with normal supplies like dishes, silverware, etc. there is an iron and board.There is coffee, sugar, salt, pepper in roomIt appears there is internet because there is a wire to hookup the computer (I did not use). There is free wifi throughout the hotelHair dryer, with shampoo, conditioner, body wash and soap bars, lotion. The bathroom has a full length mirror.There is a ice machine down the hall.The lobby has free coffee all day, 2 computers, printer.There is a shuttle that you pay a fee that takes you to the Market Place (restaurants and shops) and Disneyland that stops at this hotel. They serve a continental breakfast that you preorder and have ready at the time you request. It has different kinds of cereal, yogurt, muffins, Juice, hard boiled eggsIt is located a few close miles from Disneyland. There are also several well known restaurants just down the street from the hotel. It's also close to the Anaheim convention center, Angles stadium and Honda Center (Mighty Ducks)Within a small block (walking distance) is a Starbucks, McDonalds, Carl's Jr. There's an Am PM close and Chevron down the streetThere is small area at the front desk to purchase frozen meals, candy, cookies, soda, etc
This hotel was perfect for our party of 6 visiting Disneyland and Southern California. With spacious 1 and 2 bedroom suites with full kitchens this hotel allowed us to have ample room for our entire party for the long week. The kitchen, while limited, was...MoreThank you so much for staying with us. We appreciate your compliments to the hotel. We are always looking for ways to improve or praise our staff and thank you for your time in review us here on trip advisor. We look forward to your...More
Staying at TownePlace Suites was the best decision ever! Their receptionist, Cassandra and Joy, offered EXCEPTIONAL customer service day in and day out of our 3 night stay. Not only them but their entire staff made our honeymoon amazing. After they found out we were...MoreWe are delighted to have been your chosen hotel during your recent stay in Anaheim. It was truly a pleasure to serve you. We appreciate your business and value your honest feedback. Your comments have been shared with the hotel team as a critical way...More
Very very conveniently located to Honda Center, Anaheim stadium, restaurants, Starbucks. Nice safe area. Our room was overlooking pool and noise echoed in our room until 10PM. Halls were loud with people talking. By the number of kids present it's obviously a popular place for Disney goers. So it is what it is. Rooms were old and need of updating. I'm sure they get more than their fair share of abuse. But not terrible by any means. Nice to have a kitchenette. And the AM breakfast buffet was good.
I wanted to try a new Disney hotel option and we gave this place a try. Needless today we won't be back. The price was fantastic and now I know why! This hotel is just old, the ceilings are low it feels very budget if...MoreThank you for your review of the hotel. These reviews definitely assist in improving upon and maintaining a high level of guest satisfaction for all our guests. We are happy to hear you were provided with friendly and helpful service and appreciate the acknowledgement of...More
The Hotel was a pleasure to stay in. Our stay was from the 24th of June through the 30th 2007. Yes, they had a remodel going on, but we were on the 4th floor which had already been completed. The room was very, very nice and clean. As for the trains, we only heard them around 6 a.m. really wasn't that loud at all. They sound the horn once or twice going through the intersection. I never heard them between midnite and 6 a.m. If you go, take a portable fan with you, set it on the night stand or floor, and that blocks out any noise they may make. Also, ask for a room away from states college blvd. The traffic at night was worse than any train. We asked to be moved our 2nd day to the courtyard side of the building, we were moved and the rest of our stay was very quiet. The staff was very pleasant. The Disneyland shuttle was excellent and always on time. The room was very nice..full refrigerator, dishwasher, and full stove/oven. We will definately stay there again. No breakfast buffet, but with a kitchen, we didn't need it. Albertsons 1 mile down the road.
We chose this property specifically for the 2 bedroom suite with the kitchenette. Our children are getting too old to sleep on the pull out sofa offered in some hotels. Distance wise, you are about a 10 minute drive to Disneyland and walking distance to...More
Business brings us to Anaheim at regular intervals. Towne Place Suites has become our home away from home. The recent renovation has really brightened things up. Situated between I-5 and Highway 57, it is very convenient to various stops in Orange County. Two insider tips...MoreDear Kenritak, Thank you so much for taking the time to complete our survey about the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Marriott! With a mission to provide superior customer service, we take great pride in serving your needs and are delighted to hear that we have...More
Dani Johnson the front office manager greeted me with a warm hello and a beautiful smile. She answered all of my questions .Breakfast is served in the lobby dining area. It consist of hot waffles,oatmeal and a variety of cold cereal and muffins and breads.The staff works hard to keep it well supplied and the dining area clean.They are all very friendly!!You have a problem in your room and call the front desk and they will send someone right away, the two I met were Wayne and Jose and they were friendly and concerned to solve my minor problems right away .Parking is free and lots of it. The lot and grounds are kept up.There is a laundry room , gym and a nice pool area.There are restaurants and fast food within walking distance.I would recommend this place to anyone !
Being a Marriott it does have some great things to offer. I was disappointed that they had no airport shuttle. But being in the area it was located it was more of a family location than a business one. Rooms were not bad, comfortable. The...MoreHello and thank you for staying with us. Since we are so close to many of the local attractions in the Anaheim area typically we do get a lot of guests who are here for leisure stays. However our corporate guests are just as important...More
Huge benefits and inclusions make this a fantastic choice for families or for just about anyone wanting more room space, a full kitchenette, free parking, and excellent overall value. Sure, this is an older hotel, but is clean and kept up well. Staff are kind,...More
I planned to stay here for a week on a work assignment. I have been in the area of this hotel and knew it was close to restaurants - but I never noticed the tracks. The train tracks are right next to the hotel and...More
Came here for Disneyland. Joy was a great front desk agent, super nice. I had book two different types of rooms for each night and she was able to just let me stay in the same room. She was very accommodating and remembered my name. The room was big enough for two people and they had a kitchen, which was nice. Would stay here again. Great job Joy!We are delighted to have been your chosen hotel during your recent stay in Anaheim. It wastruly a pleasure to serve you.We appreciate your business and value your honest feedback. Your comments have been shared withthe hotel team as a critical way of understanding how we can continue to deliver exceptional serviceto guests like you.Thank you for staying at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium and we hope you choose to create more memories withus whenever your travels bring you back to Anaheim.Sincerely,Edgar RiveraGeneral Manager edgar.riveramarriott.com
The hotel was great from the start. We were greeted with a warm friendly welcome from the staff upon arrival. Check in was quick and the room was perfect. It was about a 3/4 mile walk to the Honda center which was fine. There are several restaurant options and a Starbucks is steps from the hotel. Would stay again.Jan 17, 2016Dear Valued Guest,Thank you for your recent stay as well as your 5 star review! We are so pleased that you enjoyed your stay with us, and we look forward to welcoming you back the next time you are in Anaheim!Hospitably,Greg WilliamsGeneral Manager
Nice suite with seperate bedroom and fold out couch, and FULL kitchen! Super nice front desk staff and easy, although basic, breakfast. 2 minutes to Dinseyland (they also have a 4 shuttle, which is easier than parking at Disnyland!) What is so nice is there...More
The room is nicely appointed, the size is good with all amenities provided. Location of the hotel is good with several restaurants located within walking distance. The front desk staff, Joy, is very friendly and helpful.MoreWe are delighted to have been your chosen hotel during your recent stay in Anaheim. It was truly a pleasure to serve you. We appreciate your business and value your honest feedback. Your comments have been shared with the hotel team as a critical way...More
Hotel is in two buildings one of which parallels the road and there is a railroad track behind both properties. However, with the windows closed you really don't hear anything. The room is more of a studio than a suite but fine for one or two. Looked at their two room suites and downside is only one bathroom but living area is spacious. Nicely sized and equipped kitchen. Breakfast area is a bit small in the morning but easy enough to take things back to the room and plenty of space there.Front desk people and breakfast room staff were very helpful and pleasant. There is a shuttle to Disney but I did not use it. The free parking is unusual for hotels in the area and appreciated.There are several restaurants and a Starbucks within easy walking distance which is handy.Dear MOBX,Thank you for taking the time to review your recent stay at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate. I am glad that we were able to provide you with great customer service and that you reveled in the free parking and close restaurants. We appreciate your candid feedback and hope to see you again in the future!Warmest Regards,Adam Sahagun
We stayed here two nights because we were going to disneyland for two days. I stay at Marriott's quite a bit for work so I had a couple of free nights from Marriott and this is one of the hotels we could stay in. I usually can count on Marriotts to be quite nice but.......I was surprised to see hair in the sink, on the ledge above the toilet and in the toilet. This just always grosses me out in any hotel that I stay in. I expect them to be clean. The bathroom also had drippy stains on the wall and where the tub meets the floor was pretty dirty too. The couch in the suite also had a huge stain on it. Needless to say I did not sit there.The beds are also very small in this hotel. They say they are queens but they seem more like fulls. I asked to be moved to a room with a bigger bed and they said all the beds are the same size. Very strange.......The staff was nice and the area that the hotel was in was decent too. It is right next to Angel stadium. It is not within walking distance of disneyland. There is a shuttle offered for 4.00 for an all day pass. But, just a warning it only comes every 60 minutes at the top of the hour. Not every 10 minutes like the lady at the counter told us. We loved that there was a starbucks in the adjacent parking lot.They offer a free continental breakfast. You order what you want the night before and they pack it up for you the next morning so you can take it back to your room. Its just the basics- yogurt, cereal, bread, juice etc......I have stayed in many of the hotels in the Disneyland area and many of them are used and abused due to the amount of traffic they see, but I do expect them to be cleaned properly. I probably will not stay here again.Thank you for your review of our hotel, we are pleased to hear that the staff was friendly and the hotels location provided some good accessibility. We do sincerely apologize for the inconveniences you experienced in your room during your stay. We are excited to announce that there are plans for a renovation next year and comments from our valued guests continuously assist us in making improvements to our overall operation. Our ultimate goal is provide a great experience for all our guests. Again thank you for your review, we hope to be able to better serve you in the near future and happily remain at your service.
I took a group of Jr. High students for a day at Disney and we stayed at Towne Place Suites in Anaheim. If you're riding the train, the station is close to the hotel. There are several fast food places nearby and the Anaheim Resort Transit picks up here for Disneyland. The continental breakfast is good. Rooms are nice and clean and have a kitchenette if you want to save money on food.
I very much enjoyed my three night stay at the TownPlace Suites. I have stayed here a number of different occasions and have not been bothered by the trains even though i am a light sleeper My room large well planned out use of space, mini kitchen with full fridge, dishwasher, dishes and a small 2 burner stovetop electric range, and very clean, It was great. and Very comfortable Free internet that connected easily and quickly, no special codes required. They have a complimentary breakfast that was very good, pancakes, bagels, english muffins, various yogurts, oatmeal, coffee, tea, juices, milks, hot chocolate. easily accessible from the freeway with lots to do and see within walking distance. The staff very friendly and helpful. Highly recommend you stay here, there is shuttle stop right outside the door that takes you to downtown Disney, and other local attractions, best of all you can purchase tickets at the front desk of the hotel. Bottom line this is my hotel of choice when i stay in the area Love it and the staff.....
Towne Place Suites is a great place to stay while visiting Anaheim. Located across the road from Angel Stadium and somewhat near Disneyland. Place was very clean and had a cute kitchenette with stove, microwave, dishwasher, and fridge. Perfect for families that don't want to eat all their meals out. A grab and go breakfast was included along with free WiFi and parking.Hi gotkona,Thank you for taking the time to write a review about your recent stay at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Marriott. I'm pleased to hear that you were able to enjoy the full kitchen and the close amenitites! We look forward to seeing you again in the future and feel free to reach out to me directly when you start making plans.Warmest Regards
Excellent customer service and awesome continental breakfast by Maricela, who'd always attend to the customers' needs. You've made us feel welcome and that you care about our needs. :) Thank you so much for all the friendliness and outstanding customer service that you've provided. :) We really appreciate all that you do and will continue to do, so we hope that you'll keep up the great work. :)We are delighted to have been your chosen hotel during your recent stay in Anaheim. It was truly a pleasure to serve you. We appreciate your business and value your honest feedback. Your comments have been shared with the hotel team as a critical way of understanding how we can continue to deliver exceptional service to guests like you. Thank you for staying at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium and we hope you choose to create more memories with us whenever your travels bring you back to Anaheim. Sincerely, Edgar Rivera General Manager TownePlace Suites by Marriott edgar.riveramarriott.com 714-939-9700
The hotel was a fine Marriott...the staff is what made it great. I left my cell phone charger and the front desk staff called me to let me know then sent the charger to me via USPS that day. The jacuzzi.was PIPING hot...
We stayed for 3 nights due to a pipe burst in our home, so this trip was not for pleasure. We booked a two bedroom suite with a kitchen, as we had two kids with us. I can say that the stay was very pleasant...MoreThank you so much for staying with us. I am sorry to hear about your pipe problem at home. We are glad your family enjoyed our pool and easy walk to the stadium. We take all of our guests feedback seriously and we will follow...More
When: April 2-5, 20083 GuestsA very convenient location to Angels Stadium and the Honda Center. Fast Food eateries and Restaurants are within walking distance. It is about 10 minute drive to Disneyland. We didn't have a car, but utilized the Anaheim Resort Transit. We purchased a 3-day pass for 8.00 per person. It makes hourly stops to the Disney Transit Center.The front desk service for Check-In and Check-Out was friendly and helpful. The rooms were roomy and comfortable with a full kitchen. During our stay, we paid 113 per night for the AAA rate. As for the train tracks, yes it is adjacent to the property, but only runs during daylight hours. So, when your in room resting at night, the train noise is not a factor.I would definitely recommend this property to anyone, for its excellent location, away from the mickey tourist trap area. Excellent service in line with other Marriott properties.SGS 040608 Pearlridge, Hawaii
This hotel appears to be pretty new. My room was very clean and comfortable. The kitchen was well stocked with everything I needed to make food for the 4 days I was at Disneyland. The only problem I had was with the palm tree outside...More
I stayed here in Anaheim in mid August 2013 after reading many reviews. I reserved the 2 bedroom suite which only has 1 bathroom and the rooms are extremely small, hence the tiny beds (that claim to be doubles). We are a family of six- 2 adults and four children - 14 to 4 and the space was quite cramped. The hotel needs updating- furnishings are worn out. The drawers in the rooms were scratched and lights were quite dim in the bedroom. The full size kitchen is ok but rather small and the utensils and plates were not in the best condition. The breakfast area is very small and extremely limited. the staff was very friendly but I was overall disappointed that this is a Marriott property. I opted to only spend one night here and changed hotels the next day to give everyone enough space and an additional bathroom.Thank you for staying with us I apologize that your stay was not a pleasant one. Thank you for bring this to our attention as this will only help us improve. We are an older hotel, however I do hope you will give us another opportunity next year as we will have completed our renovation with our suites being a huge focus. I hope you enjoy your time in Anaheim. We look forward to hopefully accommodating you on a future stay.
This hotel was in a great location for Disneyland and is often a great price. We like it for the two bedroom/two bath units. Those are often less than two separate rooms so we'll split it with family or friends. The hotel is older so...MoreDear Valued Guest, Thank you for your review. I see that your review states this stay was back in August of 2014. I hope that we will be able to invite you back to the TownePlace Suites to see the on going changes we continue...More
We stayed recently at the beginning of August. It was clean I will given them that. But, they say there is a shuttle to Disneyland but it is 5 a person. I feel that is costly. It was better for the four of us to...MoreThank you for staying with us and apologize that you were miss informed in regards to the shuttle as it is a city provided service we have no say in the rates that they charge our guests. We just cut down the time frame it...More
I very much enjoyed my three night stay at the TownPlace Suites. I have stayed here a number of different occasions and have not been bothered by the trains even though i am a light sleeper My room large well planned out use of space,...More
We stayed at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim for one night in April. It was a very nice room for the price. The kitchen was well appointed. The only downside was the temperature control in the living room controlled both the bedroom and living room. I will definitely stay there again. In fact, I tried to book a room there next month and there were no rooms available.
Stayed here and was not sure how close to Angel Stadium it was. When we arrived, the stadium was so close. When we walked to the game, it was even closer than we thought. Of course I needed to walk after the free cookies they offer. Staff was great and accommodations were excellent!!We're so happy to hear that you enjoyed your stay (and our fresh baked cookies)! Thanks for choosing the TownePlace Suites Anaheim near Maingate! We look forward to serving you in the future!
After a long day at Disney we arrived at our hotel around 8:00pm. After checking in and taking out luggage to the room we discovered that the couch pull out bed was completely broken. We had only been in the room about 5 minutes. I went to the desk to ask about changing rooms or having the bed fixed. They would not move us and the bed was ...not repairable. SO, we literally had to remove the mattress from the couch and place it on the floor to sleep. NOT ACCEPTABLE for a Marriott Brand Hotel. The room price was not reduced or any concessions made for our horrible night. I am a Marriott lover, but I may have to consider changing my hotel brand.
This hotel is an older building but it is well maintained. It is pretty clean, but not spotless like new. The beds and pillows are comfortable. The bathroom had a door between the sink and toilet/tub/shower, which is nice. We stayed in a suite with two bedrooms, a living/kitchen area, and the bathroom. The kitchen was well equipped and included a coffee maker, tiny microwave, stove/oven, dishwasher, frig. There were three tvs! The location is less than 2 miles from Disneyland. They do serve an adequate breakfast that tasted fine. The pool is heated. There are coin laundry machines. The gym has one bike, a treadmill, a tv, and maybe one other machine. The staff were young, and the kindest, most attentive hotel staff I've ever seen. There is only one ice machine and it is at the very end of the hall on level one. The single elevator is near the lobby. There is another building also.Is it a luxury hotel, no, but the staff act like they work at one. I'd stay again!
We came with all 5 in our family on the 4th of July. They had root beer floats in the lobby so the kids were happy! There was plenty of room (only in there to sleep). The kids had a blast in the pool (small/outdoor but did the job!). Clean, everything worked, friendly smiling staff, will def use again! My only disappointment...breakfast. No waffle maker, hard boiled eggs, etc like most Marriott's offer. Just juice, muffins, and a little fruit. Plus, Denny's is right across the parking lot! and their staff rocked!Thank you so much for staying with us. We are glad you enjoyed our Root beer floats we try and do something a little extra during the holidays for our guests as we know it is an important and fun time for you. We take all of our guests feedback into consideration and we will look into expanding our breakfast to meet our guests needs. We are always looking for ways to improve or praise our staff and thank you for your time in review us here on trip advisor. We look forward to your next arrival here at TownePlace Suites Anaheim.
The location was excellent and the customer service was okay. I usually dont have my room cleaned during the week because I'm an adult and should clean up after myself but the Do Not Disturb sign was not in my room. And I could not get over how musty the hallway and room smelled.
I had planned a last minute trip in to Anaheim to go for a Birthday event at Disney, the entire city was sold out but Townplace had a few rooms available. We generally dont stay this far away from Disney but we had no choice. Room rates were out of control because of a conference and most hotels were sold out! I have to say we were pleasantly surprised with the hotel. My experience at check -in was fantastic, the rooms were clean the energy was good and overall we didn't care that we were a few miles away from Disney. We Were happy with our stay. The only thing I could say that I was not crazy about was the commuter train that passes through the back of the Hotel. Other than that I would recommend this place to any of my friends or family membersWe appreciate your business and value your honest feedback. Your comments have been shared withthe hotel team as a critical way of understanding how we can continue to deliver exceptional serviceto guests like you.Thank you for staying at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium and we hope you choose to create more memories withus whenever your travels bring you back to Anaheim.Sincerely,Edgar RiveraGeneral Manager edgar.riveramarriott.com
My wife and I recently stayed at this property for 3 nights and had a fabulous stay! The location is just a few miles south of the Orange County/Los Angeles County line. You could not ask for a better location all around! The hotel is about a half mile off of I-5 and is right across the street from Angels Stadium. One night we walked from our room to the stadium and made it there in a couple of minutes. I was a bit nervous that traffic might be bad around game time as fans are coming in but I was surprised to see no traffic at all. Disneyland is located about 1-2 miles away. The staff was nice enough to tell us a shorter way over to Disney and we were in the parking lot in under 5 minutes. The staff is top notch! I have never met a more friendly staff. All of the employees had smiles on their faces and were always very cordial and helpful. We did a lot of tourist things up in the LA and Burbank area and where able to make the drive in about 30 minutes depending on traffic. Our studio suite was fantastic! Our room felt just like an apartment! We had a king bed, living room, kitchen, desk/office area, bathroom, and large closet. The kitchen was stocked with everything except the food! We had a dishwasher, stove, and microwave. The room, just as all of the property, was very clean and our air conditioner kept our room very cool. The bathroom was rather large, my wife and I were both able to get ready at the same time without bumping into each other. The hotel offers a daily continental breakfast that is simple and good. They have 2 waffle irons, cereal, muffins, bagels, english muffins, and juices. The area does close at exactly 930 so you need to get there early. Seating is somewhat limited and the area fills up quickly. They have 2 people working to clean the area and assist guests. The one lady who seemed in charge of the area was very pleasant and friendly and was quick to come over to us every morning to welcome us back. The hotel seems to attract business travelers although there were some families there too. It was nice not to have too many kids around and to have an adult atmosphere. There are plenty of restaurants around that range from fast food and casual to fine dinning. Overall, this is a fabulous place to stay! Great location, great attractions, but most importantly a great staff!
Being a Marriott it does have some great things to offer. I was disappointed that they had no airport shuttle. But being in the area it was located it was more of a family location than a business one. Rooms were not bad, comfortable. The outlets were worn out since many of my plug in devices had a problem staying plugged in. WiFi was good and I did not lose connection the entire stay. Only one elevator in the main building but it was fast enough didn't have long to wait. The nice thing about it was they did have a free bus service to local attractions, like Disney Land. Breakfast was so so, I am not a big cereal eater in the morning and that was the main food at breakfast. Again for family with kids this was a great place to stay.Hello and thank you for staying with us. Since we are so close to many of the local attractions in the Anaheim area typically we do get a lot of guests who are here for leisure stays. However our corporate guests are just as important to us. Sadly we do not have a shuttle to the airport, but we usually suggest the shared ride van through super shuttle as it is the most economical and the shuttle we most relay on. I will look into the outlets and follow up with our maintenance team to make sure this is corrected going forward. Thank you in assisting us with improving our hotel and reviewing us on trip advisor. We look forward to your next arrival with us.
Dani Johnson the front office manager greeted me with a warm hello and a beautiful smile. She answered all of my questions . Breakfast is served in the lobby dining area. It consist of hot waffles,oatmeal and a variety of cold cereal and muffins and...More
A staff as accommodating as this is a rare find. I had some trouble locating a cart as we were staying in for several days. So I stuck my head in the closest office to where the carts should be, interrupting Carol, although she didn't act like it was an interruption at all. She looked herself then enlisted the help of others and a cart was found for me quickly. Fully loaded I was pulling the cart from my car into the hotel and Greg came to my side, He took over the cart and escorted me all the way to our room. Later I found out he was the assistant manager, I was impressed that he would do that for me instead of finding an underling. Once I got everything in the room I kicked off my shoes and got things put away. Later I realized I had left on my white socks and thought the bottoms would be pretty dirty. I was so wrong I took a picture! Throughout our stay Joy was always busy, but not so busy she couldn't spread joy herself to others. She was very helpful and kind. I spoke with the Front Desk Manager, Teresa to compliment her on the terrific staff she has. Both Teresa and her staff should be proud of the job that they do, as they do it very well. Would've rated the room a 5 had it not been for having to replace the coffee pot, which was not a big deal in itself. However, couldn't wait to get to the room and take along so soak in the bathtub. The stopper did not work, even after they sent someone up. Thankfully, I came up with one of my own design eventually. Having a scaredy-cat (yes, our cat), in the room with us the first night, the kids across the hall and the person walking above us seemed loud. I say the first night, as she was so scared we had to make other arrangements for her. Again, Teresa, The front office manager was more than accommodating. A few times one night I considered using the jacuzzi, however an adult and way too many kids were enjoying it loudly. Maybe next time, yes, we would stay here again!Dear Linda, Thank you for so much for sharing your experience at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium through the Guest Satisfaction Survey.As a valued guest, we appreciate your feedback and are delighted to hear that you had a great stay. With a spirit to serve, we take great pride in not only meeting, but exceeding your expectations and it seems that Teresa and her staff did just that! I will be sure to post this review for all our staff to see. By the way, Greg is actually our General Manager!! It's his leadership that drives us to go above and beyond!Your feedback is integral to our ability to continue to improve our service. Thank you again for your time and come visit us again soon! Sincerely,Eddie Navarroeddie.navarromarriott.com
My family of 5 stayed at the hotel for three nights in March. It was a good location if you are going to the ball game or hockey game. The free continental breakfast was basic and generally fine except that the juice machine was out of order and they had no alternatives. The first day there were small cans of apple juice, but the next two mornings there was nothing. Why couldn't the hotel have purchased juice and placed them in pitchers to refill or purchase more small cans of juice The breakfast items were not re-stocked regularly even though there was someone in the area working.Upon check-out we found out that our young children had ended up going to a pay channel and we were charged for a movie that they did not know they were paying for (they just click the buttons) and did not watch in in its entirety. The manager would only credit one of two charges as it was only on for something like 5 min. Upon receiving my credit card bill, the charge was never reversed. There was ZERO goodwill. They should also have warning signs about in room tv charges or upon check-in with young children, ask the customers if they would like the tv purchases locked out.The two bedroom was cramped, but we managed to survive the three nights.Thoroughly disappointed and will stick with Staybridge Suites from now on and pay the little bit extra instead of the Marriott.Thank you for reviewing us on Trip Advisor. It is unfortunate that we did not meet your expectations. Our goal is to make sure that our guests are aware of the type of amenities that we offer. Our Continental breakfast offers several items from six types of cereals, muffins, bagels English muffins, yogurt, hard boiled eggs, oatmeal, a waffle station, and juice. We apologize that during your time with us we had an issue that was out of our control and the preventative maintenance service on our equipment failed due to an internal part malfunction. This issue has been corrected and we now have a new juice machine which was replaced quickly after this time frame. For future guest arriving with small children you can request to have all movies turned off in your suite to avoid this issue as movies watched past a certain amount of time cannot be removed. Just ask a friendly front desk agent at your time of check in and they will be happy to adhere to this request. We did try and assist you in removing as many of the movie items as we could. Thank you again for staying with us and we would love another opportunity to improve upon your last visit. Thank you for again for staying.
I found this whole place to be a night mare. from advertising a Gym that has since shut down on the website to fast and free Wi Fi which did not work. The over all customer service on the front desk was appauling. The only...MoreHello Adam, I'm sorry that you had this experience. In regards to your experience here at our hotel, I was wondering if it might be possible that you might have mistaken our hotel for another. You mentioned that our gym has since been shut down....More
I chose this hotel for the value provided. Public transportation to the theme parks was easily accessible and timely. The rooms are pretty comfortable and the overall service was just right. My family and I were very comfortable staying here we felt secure and relaxed during our stay.We are delighted to have been your chosen hotel during your recent stay in Anaheim. It was truly a pleasure to serve you. We appreciate your business and value your honest feedback. Your comments have been shared with the hotel team as a critical way of understanding how we can continue to deliver exceptional service to guests like you. Thank you for staying at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium and we hope you choose to create more memories with us whenever your travels bring you back to Anaheim. Sincerely, Edgar Rivera General Manager edgar.riveraMarriott.com
The people were friendly but didnt have any rooms cleaned til 1 1/2 hours after check in pool was gross not sure it was cleaned this year and certainly was not like the photos they show on web site,and if you were to use pool they only have hair towels to dry off
Chose this hotel specifically for proximity to Angel Stadium. (A man checking in at the same time asked about shuttle to stadium he wasn't happy when told the hotel didn't offer one as it is so close. Hint - check directly with hotel if something is very important to your stay.)Breakfast was included in the rate - standard fare - small dining room but take out containers were included so you could take food back to your room. The person working at breakfast was very nice and concerned that everything was OK.We stayed one night so didn't use the kitchen in our room. Room had double bed, small sofa bed, desk and one chair so it would have been difficult to comfortably eat. Walls between rooms were thin and we could hear the people in the room next door.There was a small pool which we used as we were the only ones in there. The fitness center had 3 machines - elliptical, recumbent bicycle and jogger.This hotel is due for renovation and was expensive but Anaheim hotels aren't cheap.Dear Valued Guest,Thank you for your review. I am sorry to hear that we did not live up to your expectations. Please feel free to contact me personally to discuss your stay in more detail so I know how we can turn your three into a five.Hospitably,Greg WilliamsGeneral ManagerGreg.WilliamsMarriott.com714-939-9700
Close to good resturants and an easy walk to the Angels baseball stadium. Room was clean quiet. Staff very friendly helpful. Breakfast was typical for a continental breakfast, a Denny's Starbucks were just around the corner. Will stay here again when I...More
My family and I stayed in this hotel for a visit to Disneyland and other L.A. attractions. We rented the 2 bedroom suite so everyone had room after long days out and about. The room itself was very comfortable and had its own kitchen so...More
Staff was more than helpful, REALLY clean and comfy rooms, kitchenettes are great, breakfast was really good!! But don't count on the transportation to Disneyland. They sell out FAST. Don't stress, use LIFT!! Costs less, It's quicker and the drivers are all nice. Back to the hotel... we lost a dog while there, still looking for him. The ENTIRE staff took part in trying to find him, either physical search or social media blast. And they consoled my mentality challenged sister. WONDERFUL PEOPLE!! 10 STARS!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL AND WE WILL RETURN!!Thanks for your excellent review of our property! We hope that your furry family member makes it back safe and sound. Thanks for choosing the TownePlace Suites in Anaheim!
First we were not sure if we wanted this hotel or not but, when we called the staff was fantastic. We can't say enough about how Dani, Jillian and Joy and the breakfast staff made our stay better each day. We had some issues in...MoreHi mtvick11, Thank you for taking your time to write a little something about your experience while visiting the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate. Joy, Jillian and I are always pleased to assist you in any way and look forward to seeing you again in the...More
The staff was fantastic, very friendly great group of people. Smooth check in under five minutes, then you're on your way, I like that. The Hotel itself was clean and comfortable. I didn't find it noisy, but I purposely took a top floor. I did...More
We came with all 5 in our family on the 4th of July. They had root beer floats in the lobby so the kids were happy! There was plenty of room (only in there to sleep). The kids had a blast in the pool (small/outdoor...MoreThank you so much for staying with us. We are glad you enjoyed our Root beer floats we try and do something a little extra during the holidays for our guests as we know it is an important and fun time for you. We take...More
Stayed here for 4 nights while visiting Disneyland. When we checked in (don't remember her name but 1/8/18 evening shift) the clerk was extremely helpful and accommodating! Room was clean and comfortable, hotel quiet. Nice breakfast with good variety (eggs/sausage/yogurt/cereal/pastry/fruit/waffles). Coffee/tea/hot chocolate available any time. Used the very affordable ART shuttle to get to Disneyland. Was a little late a couple times but that's not the hotel's fault and pickup/dropoff is right at hotel entrance. About a 20-25 min ride to Disney and 15 min or so back. Drops you right at Disney entrance - shorter walk to park gates than using Disney parking. Made our Disney vacation great - would definitely stay here again!We are delighted to have been your chosen hotel during your recent stay in Anaheim. It wastruly a pleasure to serve you.We appreciate your business and value your honest feedback. Your comments have been shared withthe hotel team as a critical way of understanding how we can continue to deliver exceptional serviceto guests like you.Thank you for staying at the TownePlace Suites Anaheim Maingate Near Angel Stadium and we hope you choose to create more memories withus whenever your travels bring you back to Anaheim.Sincerely,Edgar RiveraGeneral Manager edgar.riveramarriott.com
We booked this hotel months in advance for our upcoming Disneyland vacation carefully taking into consideration all our options of the many comparable hotels in Anaheim. Less than two weeks before our arrival date an email notification came to advise us the pool would be closed for maintenance for the majority of our stay! Now I am aware that this is necessary, however in all of my past experiences any type of scheduled maintenance is clearly disclosed well in advance. Upon a call to the hotel's manager to discuss this concern, no apology or compensation was offered, and she even encouraged us to look into other hotel options! With less than two weeks to go entering a busy season, clearly most hotels are already booked. Very unprofessional and disappointing is my option of this hotel already, and we've not even set foot on the property!
The stay was good. The only downfall was the hidden parking fee of 47 per night, which I was not made aware of until arrival.Thank you for your feedback. We understand that you have many choices, please keep us in mind in the future if your travels take you back to Santa Monica.
MoreMore
MoreMore
I like the hotel and location. This is our third and final stay. Mandatory valet parking at over 40 a night is robbery. It was never required on our previous stays and we will never be back again.Dear michaelwW9944QS, I am very sorry to hear you will not continue to stay with us on your next visits to the area. Your feedback will be discussed with our management team. Thank you for being our guest.
MoreMore
we arrived in the middle of a huge concert event and it was a nightmare trying to get to the hotel. However, the staff were extremely accomadating.
MoreMore
MoreMore
MoreMore
MoreMore
The staff and the rooms are amazing! We got a room that sleeps 6 (they say 5) for 90 bucks out the door! The free breakfast is complete and delicious. We have stayed here many times and normally the gal that keeps the breakfast items re-filled does great, but this time there was a man, and he was kinda slow and almost didn't get to eat the hot food, but it finally came. Perhaps he had a lot to do and it wasn't his fault.....Great place, one minute from the border, very safe, love this place!
We wanted a hotel on the US side of the border but within close proximity of the airport in Tijuana--this hotel served that purpose well. We weren't expecting anything grand so we weren't disappointed in the typical hotel room and breakfast fare the next day. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable--all that we needed.However, we were told when making our reservation that it was an easy 2-block walk from the Otay Mesa border crossing. We arrived late at night and were NOT comfortable making the walk--nor was it a short 2 block jaunt. After walking more than 2 blocks with no hotel in sight, we stopped at a gas station and asked for directions. The attendant had never even heard off the hotel, much less could direct us to it. My cell phone wasn't getting any signal to be able to call the hotel directly but my husband's phone was, so we did get an updated set of directions (another couple of zigzag blocks to the west). I wouldn't advise doing this walk late at night but our return walk to the border the next morning was safe and easy.Bottom line Not the Ritz but a good place for a night or two.
This hotel was neat, clean and the rooms were spacious. Safe area. Great breakfast included in our stay! Laura at the front desk gave amazing service. She was polite, friendly, helpful and gave quite possibly the best customer service I've had in a long time! Thanks Laura, for making our stay so pleasant!
Stayed 2 nights Quality Suites Otay Mesa... PROs:- Very good value n great AAA rate - East checkin/checkout - FREE parking - FREE wifi- FREE good breakfast- FREE coffee in lobby - Very comfy bed slept like a baby- Good water pressure - Fan in bathroom - NO resort fee - Computer in lobby - Room pretty big n spacious - Direct TV n LOTS of channels a plus since we do NOT have cable - Clean throughout hotel- Felt safe CONs:- Paper thin walls (pick 3rd floor)- Room very stuffy - Very far from San Diego tourist sites (e.g. Sea World, Zoo, etc.)- URGENT: Please be very careful to check your bank statement BEFORE checkout!!! We got home after staying 2 nights at this QSOM hotel n they charged well over 400 (e.g. 3X rate) for 245 bill, but thank goodness AFTER making a couple calls to both QSOM hotel n my credit card company due to possible/potential FRAUD, fortunately, these charges were cleared AFTER 2 calendar days. Based on this huge mistake on hotel's part, we probably may NEVER stay here again. If it wasn't for this huge mistake, we would probably rate it much higher n possibly return, but possible/potential FRAUD is REAL n pretty concerning n scary. Hello Mrs. Lamp,On behalf of the staff Id like to apologize for this miscommunication, to further address the situation and clarify allow me to explainWhen a guest makes a non-prepaid reservation an authorization hold is taken the night before the check in date, if for one night the hold is usually the amount for the night plus 1 dollar, the authorization hold is used to guarantee you the room until 7am the following morning, the authorization hold then takes a few calendar days to drop. However if authorization is declined, after 4pm the reservation will be canceled if we have not heard from the guest.Again allow me to apologize for the inconvienence, we are in no way attempting to collect more than what the room cost is, and adhere strictly to hotel policies, including the Authorization hold, which has proven to be beneficial to our guest.My sincerest apologies for the misunderstanding, I do hope I was able to clarify and hopefully we will see you again at our hotel.I hope that you will consider staying with us again so that we can have another chance to provide you with a superior experience. Sincerely,Rajal PadhiarGeneral ManagerQuality Suites San Diego Otay Mesa619.661.1966
We were in San Diego for the Hot Chocolate Run, we just needed a room for one night and left early in the morning. The staff was very helpful and accommodating. The rooms were nice, but a bit on the small side. The location was good, nothing in walking distance though. We didn't get a chance to have breakfast, so no review on that. Overall a nice place to stay at a decent price and in a good location.Dear Valued Guest,Thank you for taking the time to write a review. I'm glad you chose Rodeway Inn near Qualcomm Stadium and hope to see you again soon the next time you're in San Diego.
This is one property that continues to offer everything......comfy beds, refrigerator in room(hard to find in this price range), a clean pool, adequate parking, computer in lobby for guest use, a pretty good breakfast (though I prefer regular waffles, not the blueberry kind), and a location right off Interstate 8. Very pleasant staff too.Thanks for the review. The staff appreciates your comments. Personally, strawberry waffles are my favorite. I'm glad there are several choices!
a friend and i stayed here and had a great time. the hotel room was nice, big and clean! we had nice accommodations and appreciated having a mini fridge as we were on a roadtrip trying to save money. just be careful as there are two rodeway inn's in san diego and we went to the wrong one first. would definitely stay again!Thank you for your review. My staff and I are happy to hear you had a great stay. There are several Rodeway Inns in San Diego and I'm glad we are on top of your list! We hope to see you back soon.Pratik Shah
We were looking for a place to basically spend a night before going to Sea World, a family party, and then on to another destination. This hotel definitely fit that bill.This property is easily seen from I8, but navigating to the actual hotel is a little bit of a challenge. The road sign is by a tree and is better seen coming from the opposite direction from the freeway offramp. We ended up taking a quick tour while looking for a good place to turn around.Upon our arrival, the front desk clerk was assisting another guest. While the wait was not very excessive, the clerk was apologetic for the inconvenience. He did an excellent job of telling us everything that we needed to know in order to maximize our stay.The rooms are small, but they feel new and comfortable. We found nothing that did not work as it was supposed to work, and the room was very clean when we arrived. The biggest challenge was that there is some sort of fog horn noise that can be heard throughout the night. I wondered if we were near to the trolley line or if it was a mechanical issue.The breakfast was nice, with waffles, muffins, and some other options available to guests.Overall, I would stay here again as long as it was the same type of stay - where I am not looking to be in the room for too long. Plenty of space and comfort for one night - but I'm not sure I would be pleased to stay here for much longer.Hi Clint A,Thank you for your review. We are located two turns off the freeway and it is difficult for some to find. I am glad that you were able to get to our location! We do offer other larger room types, such as the Non Smoking King Suite, that may be more suitable for a longer stay.Overall, It is good to hear we were able to provide you with a enjoyable stay. We hope to see you again soon!
My family and I stayed at this place based on the good reviews from here. We normally stay at Holiday Inn Express because they are very consistent wherever you stay, but I wanted to save a few bucks. This stay was ok, but not as good as some of the reviews would lead you to think. The place is not as clean as some reviews indicate. While the beds appeared to be clean and the bathroom was fairly clean (though extremely small), the carpets were filthy, so much I didn't want to walk around with my shoes off at all (I even had concerns about walking with my shoes ON, jk). Imagine large blackened wear spots right down the middle of the carpet, from the door to the bathroom. In addition, there was a gaping space around the door which let all kinds of noise inside, which wouldn't be a huge problem if the room wasn't right next to the freeway. So, we had to deal with unnecessary freeway noise the entire time. At the bottom of the door was a space about 1/2 an inch. We had to place a rolled up towel there to keep light out, but nothing would stop the sound. My wife didn't seem to mind the noise and said it was like white noise to help her sleep better. I was bothered because it should have been obvious to whoever installed the door and could be remedied with a cheap seal from Home Depot. The location seemed ok, no more dangerous than other parts of San Diego. Parking was ample. The staff were pretty friendly. The breakfast was decent, better than some other hotels, not much selection though. Also, the area where breakfast was served only has two tables to sit at. The Wi-fi was fast enough for Netflix/Hulu, though the TV was pretty small. The clock radio gave off random noises that could not be controlled. It would randomly turn on and play static, not matter what you did to it. Also, I noticed that the smoke alarm was not turned on. I climbed up on the bed to take a look and I was right, it wasn't even connected. The A/C did work well and was pretty quiet.The room itself was pretty small for a double queen, as many other reviews state. Overall, I give the room a 2 out of 5, but the establishment a 3 out of 5 since some of the problems I experienced may have only been with my room (e.g. dirty carpet, gap in door, broken clock radio). This is a decent place if you are overly concerned about the price. However, my next stay I will likely just spend a few extra bucks and stay at a better hotel, like Holiday Inn Express.Hi pcaz79,Thank you for your comments about your recent stay. I am glad to hear any suggestions to make the room quality and overall experience from our guests. For the noise coming in the room, we have installed wither strips on the door frame. However, like you mentioned, there may be improvements to sealing the outside noise by installing another seal at the bottom of the door.I am glad to hear you liked the breakfast even though the breakfast area is small. We do suggest that guests take their breakfast to the pool area and enjoy it at the tables. We have umbrellas attached to the tables so you can enjoy your breakfast in the shade!We hope to see you again at our property and will take into account your suggestion!Pratik ShahGeneral Manager
Checking in sort of a nightmare. Rooms were not ready at 2p check in time went out to do some shopping and room still not ready at 4p. (Note: the next 2 days our room wasn't clean until about that time.) Hotel is in safe neighborhood and, while very close to the freeway, once we shut the door, we hardly heard any road traffic and our room was probably closest to the road. Room was not antiseptic, but certainly clean enough. Bathroom tiny but the room itself was fine with a fridge and microwave. Had some issues with keys not working and the pool is bathtub size so don't get your hopes up. Breakfast was about what one would expect and the breakfast area is small but it was never crowded. If you want a clean quiet room at a bargain price, this place fits the bill but don't expect too much. Thank you Bruce for your feedback. Please accept my sincere apologies for the experience you encountered during your stay and for we failed to meet your expectations. I have forwarded your feedback to the front desk staff and management team. Your feedback is greatly appreciated and hope to see you again soon.
My wife and I stayed here for 10 nights in the middle of September. We chose the hotel based on its location, price and facilities. It lived up to all expectations. There was ample parking (even though the hotel always appeared busy). Checking in was quick and we were given a room on the first floor (no lift), perpendicular to the freeway. We did not find the noise from the freeway disturbing. The room was clean, modern, well-appointed (with sufficient power outlets) an en suite bathroom with tub (free good-quality toiletries provided), TV, coffeemaker (with supplies), microwave, refrigerator, hairdryer, aircon, iron, ironing board and an alarm clock/radio. Daily housekeeping was very efficient.The breakfast area (next to reception) was quite small (max 12 -16 people) and very busy however, you could also eat in the adjacent (outdoor) pool area or take food to your room. Breakfast was good (items promptly replenished) and consisted of make your own waffles, pastries, muffins, hard boiled eggs, bagels, hot cold cereal, fresh fruit, cream cheese, jams, syrup, coffee, tea and juices. There was free WiFi throughout the complex and two computers terminals and a printer in the reception area. Guests were allowed 20 mins free usage and up to 5 sheets of printing free. Staff were very helpful in dealing with our enquiries.There were laundry facilities on site and a restaurant/sports bar (called the Junk House) with a reasonable food/beer selection next door.Theres a trolley stop some distance away (I would not call it walking distance despite what others may say), however it will get you into the heart of San Diego. The area felt quite safe and my only negative comment would be that I had read this was a child-free hotel which it obviously wasnt as there were several families with children there. Despite that, I would have no hesitation in staying here again if I was in the area as the benefits far outweighed this change in policy.Dear Valued Guest,Thank you for your feedback. I'm glad you chose Rodeway Inn near Qualcomm Stadium and hope to see you again soon.
We arrived in the mid afternoon at the motel without resrvation. It was Saturday and that did not help the situation. Young lady at the reception desk told us that there was no vacancy for non-smoking room. We did not have a choice so we took a smoking room. What a surprise. The room did not smell at all.
It is a value for money motel located just beside the Mission Valley free way. Although it is situated a little far from the tourist locations, in most cases they can be reached within a 10-15 mins drive. Rooms are good, comfortable and clean with basic services as in any other motel. Staff is friendly and the Junk House Restro-Pub is located just beside the motel.Thank you Nabayoti for taking the time to write a review. The hotel is indeed centrally located and close to major freeways. Thank you for your positive feedback towards our hotel. I'm glad you enjoyed your stay with us and hope to see you soon.
This motel offers a lot for a budget traveler, including a good morning breakfast, free wifi, lobby computer, comfortable bed, ample parking, easy freeway access close to the stadium. The owners are helpful, too.Thank you for your review! Have a wonderful holidays!
The Continental Breakfast was one of the best out of the Choice Hotels I've visited Room was decent. And the staff responsive and jovial at times. There wasn't any rukus or loud talking. We slept soundly and the location was excellent for a hideout in a valley with hills all around, I enjoyed my stay. Good Customer service. I'll be back, GOD willing.
This location is a drive from any decent place to eat, or anywhere really, for that matter it's quite secluded. The woman who checked us in was quite rude, and had a noticeable attitude. Factoring in the location, service, and amenities, I could have gotten better for cheaper.
We had an awesome stay at this motel. The rooms were just fine, nice looking and clean. I liked the granite surfaces very much, as well as the beautiful tub enclosures. Everything worked fine. The staff was very cordial and cheerful, and when I called to make reservations, Hina was very nice and extremely helpful. The maintenance man was very nice and always had a wonderful smile. The housekeepers and he all seemed to get along very well, we could hear them laughing and enjoying each other's company. The office staff were great also.The only thing that was a bit annoying was that the showers have to run at a fast speed to get any water, and really fast to get warm water. The flow couldn't be adjusted. That was the only thing that bothers us. The towels were nice and soft and clean, the beds were always fresh and clean, the whole area was very pretty. There are hills and canyons all around and there was even a creek behind it and lots of trees. There was never a problem getting a parking spot even if we came back late. It's close to the trolley station, but not a comfortable walk. We drove to it and parked. We did that in order to walk around downtown and by the bay. I would recommend this motel to anyone who wants a quiet, nice and friendly motel. It's also very close to a beautiful Catholic Church, St. Therese, which is at 6016 Camino Rico. Thank you for your review. My staff and I are happy to see you enjoyed your stay. They are very high spirited and bring a lot of their personality to the overall experience of the hotel. Even with all your positive comments, I would still like to work on areas that did not meet your expectations. I will look into how we can adjust the water pressure or shower heads to provide a more comfortable stay for our guests. Thanks again for choosing us and we hope to see you again soon!
The room and beds were alright but the wifi sucked! When you travel from Canada, you want to use wifi wherever you can like at hotels haha. And this one was horrible! the staff was pleasant and the room was clean.HI Saadya.Thank you for leaving a review about our hotel. Since you last stayed, we have made some adjustments to our wi-fi to improve the quality throughout the hotel. We have also added better instructions to help guests connect to the internet. With the broad range of mobile devices and tablets, there are some people that encounter connectivity issues. Our hotel is dedicated to make sure every guest can connect to the internet and utilize what they have paid for. Thank you for bringing this to our attention!
Enjoyed to nights at the Rodeway near Qualcomm. Good location for San Diego activities. The hotel is very clean and just what you need for a great night sleep. The rooms have been remodeled, nice bathrooms though a little small, but serve the purpose. Have stayed here many times and will continue to when visiting San Diego. The staff at the front desk are very friendly and helpful.Thank you Greg for your positive feedback towards the hotel and front desk staff. I'm glad that you enjoyed your stay with us. We appreciate your continued business and hope to see you again soon the next time you're in San Diego.
We were traveling by car and needed a place where we can enter easily. This place served that purpose. Rooms were clean, staff were nice and there was always place to park. Only thing is that our room was a little noisy at first cause the highway is so close, but we got used to it really quickly.Thank you Jenni for your feedback. I'm glad you chose Rodeway Inn near Qualcomm Stadium for your lodging needs and hope to see you again soon.
Pros: CleanlinessCons: Needs more handrails around property and highlighted painting of uneven sidewalk areas.Location: Everything to do in San Diego is an easy 15 minute car ride from this motel. Sea World, the Zoo, the beaches, etc all within 15 minutes.The motel is right off the freeway and while you could hear some freeway noise it wasn't too bad. The motel room was extremely clean. The housekeeping staff here works extra hard to keep the rooms maintained well. The biggest issue of the room was that it was small think bedroom size small. It fits 2 Queen beds and a little night stand, but there isn't any room to walk around the beds. There is a small 3 drawer dresser and a little table and chair. The bathroom is small to the point that you bump the door as you are turning around. However, I would rather have a small clean room than a large dirty one. If you have mobility issues then know that this hotel needs to improve on a few things. One is that they have uneven sidewalks that are not painted or highlighted in anyway so you may be walking and there is a slope that causes a misstep. For someone with mobility issues this could lead to a fall or accident. The other issue is there are no handle rails for the walkway between the office and the pool. So you have to use the wall to steady yourself as you are going up/down those stairs. Breakfast consists of waffles, bagels, muffins, bread/toast, oatmeal, hard boiled eggs and cereals. The dining room can only seat about 20 people so that can be tricky. It appears SDSU is 1 stop to the east of this location with easy freeway access. About a block up the road (north) on Waring there are some convenience stores, restaurants and a little grocery store.Thank you for taking the time to write a review. We understand your concerns and I have forwarded your feedback with the management team regarding your concerns. Again, thank your review and hope to see you again soon.
Overall, stay here if you are paying 65 or less...else keep looking..definitely not worth a penny more.Stayed the weekend of Feb 13th and due to the high demand for rooms that weekend, this Rodeway Inn was charging 150/night (including taxes, etc)...a complete ripoff. I used priceline and will ensure to pick a higher category of hotels next time around, especially since 150 is insane to charge for this property no matter what supply/demand looks like. First of all, we were given a room on the side of the highway. This is completely fine if you keep the a/c on because that will drown out some of the noise. However, when we walked in the room, it smelled (stale smoke). We immediately called the front desk and asked for another room or to come and spray something. They said there are no rooms available and that they have no febreeze. You'd think that if you're doubling the hotel price for a particular weekend, you would step up service at least a bit. We received no follow up call from the manager the next day nor did the front desk staff attempt to spray anything to remove the foul odor. We next walked into the bathroom and noticed that the towel was stained with dirt. The good thing was that there were extra towels but I don't get what kind of quality control exists at the hotel if you cannot ensure clean towels. Further, the tv was horrible. They list all these channels on their guide however, they subscribe to none of them. Why false advertise to your customers.Again, the price we were charged for this hotel was obscene, especially when a real hotel was charging 20 - 30 more. I have nobody to blame but myself for booking this hotel however the review stands given the fact that I did not receive the services I paid for.
The customer service was wonderful. The room was exceptionally room. The check-in process was very smooth. The staff was very service oriented. The location was safe and convenient. I would definitely stay here again.Thank you Sonia for your feedback. I have forwarded your feedback to the staff and they are thankful for your kind words. I'm glad you chose Rodeway Inn near Qualcomm Stadium for your lodging needs and hope to see you again soon.
First the people were very friendly and helpful! The breakfast was good, would of been nice to have some eggs and a meat but you get to make your own waffles, they have fresh fruit, milk, juice, cereal, bagels among other things so by far better than a regular old continental breakfast! The room was great, could not have been any cleaner if we were the first persons to stay there and the fact that it was recently remodeled shows. We were there for my sons Marine graduation and his Uncle stayed at a more expensive hotel by the bay and had to change rooms 3 times then ended up changing hotels all together and still didn't get one with a working A/C. He got no fridge or microwave with his room either, that was an extra cost, my room came with both at no extra cost along with a coffee pot, hair drier and iron. The new A/C in this room kept it really cold in the room just like we like it. The bathtub was so clean with the new tile and tub it didn't even have a water stain anywhere. Had 2 queen beds that are almost as comfortable as my double pillow top at home! Nice soft fluffy pillows! The only bad thing we could say about our whole 4 day stay there was the pool is very small, but worse than that is the fact that it is either not heated or they had not turned it on yet, so the water was too chilly to swim. But I can live with that for the extra comfort of the stay. Also the interstate was not too far from my room but I heard nothing over the steady hum of my A/C. The free WiFi worked good, not real fast but reliable, and the parking lot was a tight fit the free parking was a added bonus considering some hotels in San Diego charge up to 38 a night to park in their lot! Would stay there again any time! Thanks for making our stay so comfortable!!!
This is a pleasant enough place to stay in San Diego however a bit overpriced for what it is.The rooms are spacious and comfortableThe location is good and quiet although quite convenient for the city and beaches which are within. 20 minute driveThank you for taking the time to leave a review. The price you have paid depends on the events going on in town. As the price fluctuates we can understand how it can be out of our guests initial expectations. However, our goal is to offer a top quality breakfast, room quality, and service regardless of the price an individual pays.I hope the price did not affect your perception on the cleanliness and service. We aim to be better than average so if there are any suggestions, we will gladly take note of them. Overall, I hope you had a truly amazing stay in San Diego and we hope you give us an opportunity once again to add to your trip.
We had a reservation for two nights but stayed one and wentto a decent hotel. The room furnishing looked like the stuff that yourlocal thrift store would discard. Don't waste you money going to this DUMP. There's a decent Holiday Inn for the same price close by.
Attending a high school reunion, visiting friends and memories, we found Rodeway Inn Mission Valley to be the optimum intersection of economy, location, service, and value. Quick access to Mission Gorge and I8 provided a great location. Did not partake of the breakfast crowded and basically carbs. Overall met our needs and budget very well.
After seeing the reviews, I was hopeful this hotel was cheap but good. We stayed for one night. So, I'm going to mention the things to work on and then what I liked, because you never end on a bad note. :-)Things that didn't quite meet my expectations:-I had booked for 4 people, there were only 3 towels. Since we arrived late, I really didn't want to bother with chasing down another towel.-the breakfast had bread to toast and bagels and dry cereal. The waffle maker looked like it had been used one too many times, as a customer was trying to chip off his waffle off the griddle. There were empty slots, like pastries or something was there, but they must have been out. There were apples, but one of ours was rotten (not their fault), but added to my annoyance.-the breakfast area had only 2 tables. Guess you are suppose to eat in your room-the a/c unit was about 3 feet from the end of the bed, so kept blowing on us - I had to turn it off and just endure the heat.-The room we had had two queen beds and a walk way from the door to the bathroom. not that roomy.-wifi was horrible on the side of the hotel facing the freeway. I couldn't connect even though they gave me a code.The good:-clean-good front desk service-cheap-microwave-refrigerator-bed was comfy w/ square pillows, so not very big (my preference is for rectangle).-parking in front of your room.FYI - You get lots of freeway noise.Personally, I won't stay here again - but if you just need a place to park your head for the night, I would say it is fine, but please lower your expectations.
For what we paid, it was above expectation. We stayed 2 nights and went to Sea World and the San Diego Zoo. Both were less than a 15 minute drive. The only thing we had an issue with, was that we were looking for some silverware to eat our dinner with that we had purchased offsite and the attendant at the desk was not real helpful with our endeavor. Minor of course, but a little frustrating since the breakfast area that held our prize was steps away. Completely satisfied besides that minor infraction. : )
We had a lovely stay,we stayed for 7 days 6 nights, we knew that it wouldnt be much considering the price but hey we were in san diego we werent going to be doing much in the room anyway. The staff was very nice and they have a cute dog that just hangs out behind the counter. Word of advice get to the breakfast bar early or its a disaster. The area is not nearly big enough, we took our food back to the room even though the sign says not to. Overall if you are looking for a cheap budget friendly place to stay this is a good option.
Make sure your AC is working before you unpack. They actually switched my AC unit with the one from the lobby while I was out of the room the next day so I could get cooling for my second night since they had no other rooms. Definitely went the extra mile to correct the problem but gave no price adjustment or discount for not having AC on my first night.
I stayed at the Rodeway Inn for 5 nights as part of a work-related trip to San Diego. Here are my pros, cons, and quirks of my stay.Pros:- Value: I paid 270.00 for 5 nights, including taxes (I also had a 15 off travelocity coupon)- Comfortable room: beds was cozy, pillows were soft- Quiet: It's in a quiet neighborhood, and I was not bothered at all during my stay- Clean: No stains!- Remodeled with a modern touch: flat screen TV, fridge, microwave, hair-drier- Breakfast: it was so-so, consisted of waffles, pastries, cereal, hard-boiled eggs, juice, coffee. Not exactly great but I was filled up every day- A/C was wonderful- WiFi was free, reliableCons: - Distance -- Kind of far from prime locations: 15 mns from beach, 10 mns to downtown, 10 mns to Rady Children's Hospital, 20 mns to LaJolla. You can probably get closer to these locations for equal price. If you stay here, you will need a car rental- No restaurant or gas station is within walking distance- Staff could be more friendly: you need to walk past the friend desk to get to the breakfast bar, and despite making eye contact, the desk clerk didn't say hi.- 50 deposit: When you check in, you are required to swipe a credit card and sign a receipt for a 50 deposit, which I was told would be credited to my account 5-10 days after I check out. Most businesses just keep a card on file, and in 2013, that is preferable. - No elevators Quirks:- The TV in my room was such that I could also watch it in my shower (I really liked that!)- TV remote had no cover over the batteriesOverall: I would stay again, however if I wanted a beach vacation, I would try to find somewhere closer.
Trying to navigate that area of San Diego is very confusing, when it says near I am thinking on the same side not over the freeway down some other side street. I guess I was hoping for Next to Qualcomm instead. Well the room looked like I walked into a bad 70's movie, green and orange decor, very stained carpet and flying insects. The room was in need of some serious updating. They tried to make it look fancy with a bed runner. Luckily the bathroom had been updated, it was safe to take a shower. Too bad it didn't match the rest of the room.
Fantastic hotel, great people, well placed all round OUTSTANDING!! From the moment you check in until the vey second you check out everyone was just brilliant. I never got the chance to head to the vineyards but next time I am in the area I will definitely book here.
The Bardessono provides world class service, something that my wife and I have and will continue to share with all of our friends and family! We are always treated with such respect and feel as though we are the only guests in the hotel. Our experiences over the last 2 visits have been exceptional.
We picked this hotel based on location and price. San Francisco is very expensive and our son was here with his family for a conference. We liked the location-very close to small markets and restaurants and cable car stops, as well as shopping nearby in Union Square.The staff is very helpful and friendly and check in was fast and easy. The rooms are an average size and the bed was comfortable. There is a mini-fridge in the room as well as a small coffee maker. For some reason our frig kept freezing everything!There are plenty of outlets to charge devices.I only have a few negatives. The bathroom is so small!! You can't stand in front of the sink unless you close the bathroom door! There is really nowhere to hang a towel, except a hand towel. There is very little counter space to put anything. Lighting could be better. There is no light in the entry way where the closet is-so it is very dark to find clothes. Other than that, we enjoyed our stay at the hotel. Free wi-fi is always appreciated. It was extremely hot during our visit, so the air conditioner was a big help!
This is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. As a loyal platinum member I was hoping the general manager Anonio Demarco would be able to assist my husband and I with a huge dilemma we encountered, which was our camera (SLR) , stolen inside their lobby while we were checking out.we were instructed to file a police report and were somewhat assured to have access to the security tapes to find the culprit. Antonio was inconsiderate, rude, and simply lacked empathetic skills while speaking to us. He told he will not show us because he does not have to, blamed us for our item being stolen. never stay here! They have zero security outside and inside, lobbies are empty anyone can walk in and out and steal your luggage. Poorly designed rooms, thin walls, you can hear your neighbors literally whispering. Hot water was not even hot. Poor hotel and poor management. Extremely dissatisfied and regret booking.
As a Marriott Reward member, I found that Courtyard SF Union Square hotel is one of the best choice for traveler who want to explore San Francisco. The room is not big, but tidy, clean and have all the basic needs. USB port for charger are available in all room's corners. It's only 10 minutes walk from Union Square when we can get all the rides, including cable car, sight seeing bus, BART etc. One of the most famous Indonesian Restaurant is just in the corner of Post Street. This hotel have the best location so far.I am so glad to hear you enjoyed our centrally located hotel! Were you able to take any tours or spend some time shopping during your trip Which Indonesian restaurant did you try There are many different cuisines to chose from. We look forward to having you back for a return visit!
We stay st a lot of Courtyards during our frequent travels. This one has been recently refurbished in a great location. The room was fresh and modern. The staff was friendly and helpful. And the price was right!Thank for your glowing review of the Courtyard Union Square. I will be sure to share it with the team.
My husband and I came to this hotel for a visit recently. The check in was as smooth as a breeze. I believe Sam was our desk attendant. We went to the bar prior to going out to dinner with our daughter and her boyfriend. The gentlemen at the bar could not be friendlier, David and Renato. Our room was immaculate, and believe me, I am picky! Wendy checked us out of the hotel and she was super friendly.I will DEFINITELY stay here the next time I come to the city!!Thank you for taking the time to review our brand new hotel! Our employees work very hard to provide memorable experiences. I am glad to heard that you were able to appreciate it, your recognition goes a long way. Hopefully you also had a chance to experience some of the great restaurants located close to the hotel with your family. We look forward to welcoming you back.
Front desk and bistro dining staff was very helpful and friendly. The hotel itself is very cramped in limited space but this is San Francisco so that was to be expected. I arrived prior to the official check in time and was allowed to check in early but the only available room was on a lower floor. I usually prefer an upper floor but the advantage of checking in early over weighted my room preference. Since I was only 1 level above the lobby I could hear lots of street noise and there was scaffolding outside my window due to some exterior renovation. My room was actually a nice size for a major city. It certainly met my needs. Again the front desk and bistro dining staff were exceptional.
We came into the city a few days ago on a whim. We had no reservations, no plans to visit San Francisco, and no real forethought. We just thought, Hey, let's go to San Fran! so we just rolled in. After frantically searching for a room in a couple of downtown hotels, we finally got a room here for a couple of nights. So it's not cheap, but hey... We are staying in a the center of a major US city, and it certainly isn't the most expensive hotel we've ever stayed in. Be advised, parking is expensive. And while I wouldn't call it up-scale, it is very nice. It appears that the hotel has been recently renovated, and our room was nicely remodeled. The furnishings and decor are all very relevant to today's modern styles. The bathroom is about as physically small as possible, but big enough to get your business done. I mean how much time do you need to spend in there anyway The bed is super comfortable, which is really nice when you are on a road-warrior styled vacation like we are now! It is true that there is no bellman, but that's ok for me, as that is one less person I need to budget my cash for. I'm happy to carry my own bags. The location is fine, as we have been able to walk all around downtown, Chinatown, and the surrounding neighborhoods. Oh, and they have this nice water jug in the lobby, with fruit in the water, which tastes really nice! It's been a fine place to stay for this trip.Michael S - Thank you for such a detailed review about your stay. We appreciate your feedback as it will allow us to further evaluate our hotel operation and help improve our guest service components. All the best and thank you for staying!
While this Courtyard touts itself as being Union Square, it really isn't that close to Union Sq. It is walking distance to Union Sq., Chinatown and other sights, but not a block or 2 away. Our room, 708, was quiet. The rooms are small the bathroom has a motion detector which is great when you get up in the middle of the night, but not a great idea when you're taking a shower! Every couple of minutes, you have to stick your arm outside the shower curtain and wave in order to turn on the light again. Funny, but annoying. Speaking of the shower, the water is hot and the pressure is strong. The room has a small fridge breakfast is available for purchase.Linda F - Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback on TripAdvisor. I realize that The Courtyard San Francisco Union Square is in somewhat of a unique location though we hope that our customer care was nothing short of your expectations when staying with Marriott and Courtyard hotels. While we are still less than a year old, we have found need to redesign the bathrooms and this will begin at the beginning of next year and I am sure you will be pleased with the refreshed product. If you do have travel plans back to San Francisco, I would like for you to contact me directly so I can assist you with your reservations. I appreciate your feedback.
We had high hopes for this place and were sorely disappointed. The bathrooms are TINY which is ridiculous as there are two closets so why when the did the rehab didn't they widen the bathroom into the closet The shower is 2 feet wide and you need to stand at an angle to the sink to use it because there is no room. The toilet is wedged between the sink and shower.There is only a desk chair, no comfortable seating in the room. I had a decent street view but the window was painted shut.Despite being in the Tenderloin I like the location, easy access for the Ubers and far less touristy than Union Square, there is a great breakfast place across the street called Farm:Table. But all in all I would suggest a full service Marriott nearby for an extra 20Frederico1st - We will like to sincerely apologize about the inconvenience you faced during your recent visit and we are also disappointed that you did not enjoy your stay. We will certain address your concerns with our ownership. Thank you for staying with us.
Great staff. Extremely small bathroom - no room to turn around - door should have been a pocket door as you can't stand at the sink with it open.. Room small but well appointed and clean. Restaurant had moldy bagels displayed in the case. Rooms need more sound proofingHi lindah17822018,Thank you so much for recognizing our team. Your description of great staff and staff is excellent pushes us to pursue even better service interaction with our guests. Thank you for the input on the sound proofing and restaurant presentation, we will make the necessary implementations immediately. We hope for another opportunity to provide your service and product you deserve. All the best to you and your family!Yours in Hospitality,
Our stay at the Courtyard Marriott was very pleasant. We were very close to the local theaters, and only 3 blocks from Union Square. Our 12th Floor room was generously sized, very clean, and provided a pleasant view of the surrounding streetscape.
Rooms definitely smaller than I thought. Had a three night stay with my parents. Wish I could have afforded two rooms since this one was too small for three adults in my opinion. High floor and away from elevator. Noise was minimal from the 14th although I could see how it would be disturbing closer to street level. Location within walking distance of several restaurants and about 7 min walk to Union Square. Supposedly had a handicap bathroom which was huge- just didn't have any assist hand rails by the toilet. Towels were very thin. Air condition was way too loud. Never been to a Marriott without headboards on the beds. Felt incomplete to me. Valet Parking over 60 a day. I self parked at a garage around the corner for 30/day. Inconvenient but I guess that's big city life. Very limited cafe menu as compared to other Marriotts I've stayed at. Also limited channels on the TV. No room safe. Staff was very pleasant at the front desk as well as the valet team. While I'm a longtime devoted Marriott customer I probably wouldn't stay at this location again. Too many small things that I didn't like that would send me elsewhere for a future trip. folk108 - Thank you for taking time to share your honest feedback. I sincerely apologize that your recent visit did not exceed your expectation as a Marriott loyal traveler though glad to read that our Front Desk and Valet attendants provided excellent service. We are committed in providing an amazing product here at the Courtyard San Francisco Union Square and rest assured that we will work towards improvements those areas you mentioned and we hope you will give us an opportunity to welcome you back for a better stay experience in the near future.
We booked this thinking with its name that we would be close to Union Square. While not within a block or two, it proved to be about a 10 minute walk. There is a closer Marriott also on Post St if being close to Union Sq is an objective. Hotel area wasn't the best, but tolerable. Rooms were ok. Staff was helpful.Hello EDD196783!Thank you for sharing your experience with us! I am sorry that you did not enjoy your stay due to our 10 minute distance from Union Square. We do appreciate your positive comments on our staff helpfulness and our rooms but we will endeavor to communicate our location clearer on our website so we can avoid future dissatisfaction from our valuable guests such as yourself. I hope you have the Happiest of Holidays, Season's Best to you and your loved ones!Yours in Hospitality,
Stayed at the Courtyard as it would honor the government rate and it was walking distance to my conference location. As a woman I felt safe in the hotel. My room on the first floor was huge! A king bed and so much extra space- clean and comfortable for what I needed on my own. Hotel was quiet and I have nothing to complain about it. Walkable distance to Union Square.Hello Margaret G!Thank you so much for being our guest and sharing your experience with us! We are so pleased that you enjoyed the size/comfort of your room, bed type, cleanliness and safety during your stay. I hope you have a fantastic rest of the year!All the best!Brett Peterson, General Manager
My first time in San Francisco and I wanted a good central location with restaurants, bars, shopping and access to sightseeing. This was the perfect location! My BFF was flying in meeting me but her flight came in hours prior to my arrival. She text me to say they accommodated her early arrival and they really made her check in easy. Once I arrived I gave my keys to the valet and didn't see my car again until checkout 4 days later. No need for a car and parking is crazy. Just leave your car, we either walked or used Lyft. Valet parking was just under 70 per day. I found that a little crazy but I understand. The room was comfy and we had a great view of Post St. The bathroom was tiny but in reality It had everything necessary and the shower was actually great, water pressure and size. Counter top is where the bathroom was lacking. I dealt with it and was good. The main part of the room was chic and modern and there was a fridge in the room. We had 2 double beds and had plenty of room. Very clean. The staff was great and amenities were nice - computer, bar/restaurant and mini store, The Valet guys were very knowledgeable about places to eat. There were several places within just a few blocks that were really great.Union Square was a short downhill 4 block walk. The sightseeing doubledecker bus was there along with the cable car and a big shopping area with a mall and the upscale name brand designer stores. Overall, this pick was great for my first San Francisco experience and the price was just as good.I am happy to read your stay at the Courtyard Union Square was great. It sounds like you and your boyfriend had a fun trip to San Francisco. Please come again soon!
As always we know what we are getting when staying at Marriott Courtyard's and we weren't disappointed. Easy on/off from I-15, lots of restaurant selections that you can either walk to or have a very short drive. The only thing for me was that the king bed was like sleeping on a slab of granite otherwise had an enjoyable stay and the staff were absolutely great.Dear Marvintm009,Thank you for staying at the Courtyard Marriott Rancho Bernardo. We would look forward to your return.Sincerely,Francesca Suh
We stayed as part of a group. Price was very affordable and a good value for the stay. The entire hotel was very clean. I remember the bathroom being slightly aged but it was nothing to ruin our stay. Our room was a king bed, a nice size with view facing window. The window curtain was just long enough to cover the AC which would have otherwise directly blown on us, and allowing the room to cool to the right temp. The lobby is very charming, with amenities such as snacks and drinks to purchase immediately adjacent to the front desk, and a little cafe and lots of seating. The pool and hot tub are nice, very clean, and a decent size. The lounge chairs are a little overcrowded but there's plenty of seating. It's in walking distance to many shopping centers, delis, coffee shops, and grocery.You'll need your room key to get anywhere within the hotel, including back inside from the pool area.Only complaint is that the advertised check-in time is 4PM which is late. Thankfully we asked if we could get in earlier and a room was ready.The staff - everyone we saw - was wonderful, kind, and professional. We would have loved to have stayed another night.Great for families, couples, and groups.
Typical quality you'd expect from a Courtyard with above average lounge and pool spaces staffed by an outstanding group of very warm and helpful employees across the board. Our kids have food allergies so the manage was willing to bend the rules which prohibit outside food.
We spent the weekend in RB to attend a company reunion. Being the only out of towners we looked to Marriott, specifically Courtyard for the weekend stay. We were surprised by the number of soccer playing youth, with families also at the venue. We were quite happy that there was no running in the halls or bouncing balls that we were aware of. Anyway, we had a very nice suite that overlooked a water feature alive with ducks, and other fowl.The location was perfectly located for ease to the freeway and restaurants. Making for a very enjoyable stay.Dear Joe M,I am glad to hear you enjoyed your stay at the Courtyard by Marriott Rancho Bernardo.We hope to see you again very soon.Best Regards, Francesca Suh
It was a day before I was to fly out back to NJ the night before my company put me and kids up at the Marriott Gas lamp quarter, so this was no gas lamp but it was clean and my kids did enjoy the pool.I am glad to hear your family enjoyed the stay at the Courtyard by Marriott Rancho Bernardo.We hope to see you again very soon.Best Regards, Francesca Suh
I've been staying at this hotel for the past few weeks while on a project in San Diego. It's a good hotel - basic amenities, good rooms, wifi, and such. The restaurant and the staff make the hotel superior. Faris, the bartender, is friendly, prompt, and makes a point to take care of guests. The food is good for breakfast... More
This Courtyard is great location whether you're in town for business or leisure. At the adjacent parking lot, they have drop boxes for FedEx, UPS, and Ontrac. This hotel is also about 15 minutes away from San Diego Safari Park. Great view of the duck pond on the back of the hotel. It also within walking distance to a very good Chinese restaurant.Dear NagaandKambing,I am glad to hear you have enjoyed our location. Please let the front desk know during your future stay and we would love to recommend local wineries and restaurants near us. Sincerely,Francesca Suh
84 year old mom had a flood in her apartment and needed handicapped accommodations for 3 weeks. Rooms are very nice. Hotel staff is very responsive to guest needs. Couldn't partake of the Bistro restaurant in the hotel. They are open til 9:30 am weekdays and 10am on weekends. I don't do early mornings and mom doesn't do evenings. Oh well. The menu looked good...I wish it was open during the day. The room was clean and mom was happy. Great Staff!Dear h0llyg93,Thank you for choosing Courtyard Marriott Rancho Bernardo for your recent stay. We are glad to hear your stay was comfortable. I do want to apologize for any inconvenience we have caused with the Bistro hours. We hope to have you back with us soon.Sincerely,Francesca Suh
I have stayed at this hotel many times and have found it to be a good base when i am on business trips in Rancho Bernardo, CA. The hotel is located next to Webb Park. I enjoy drinking my morning coffee while walking around the park area.
Overall it wasn't too bad except when we asked for two extra blankets we only received one. When the housekeepers came to clean they took all 5 of our towels and only replaced them with three. This was not acceptable due to the fact that we had 3 small children with us. Once settled into our room, we received an upmost unwelcome guest: ANOTHER HOTEL GUEST. This hotel double booked and KEYED our room. My wife was breastfeeding and a stranger walked into our room. This is entirely unacceptable. Hotel management was informed, and an apology was given. In my opinion not enough considering it was a Courtyard by Marriott! It was unfortunate there was no continental breakfast even though this was known before check-in. Bed: Comfortable king size bed. Clean covers, fresh scent, pillows were clean and smelled great. There was pull out single sized pull out bed from the chair. Yes I said chair, NOT couch. There were spare pillows in the closet as extras. Bathroom: Shower only in this room. We were disappointed because this was not shared with us until we were in the room. There was a single sink. The normal were also there for use like shampoo, conditioner and soap. Hair dryer also as standard. There was also a single serve coffee pot (stainless steel.)Entertainment: There was a 32 flat screen TV with cable. Wireless internet was free, but very slow. Note: wireless was free for basic surfing. ie: Facebook, google, Myspace, ect. These small, non memory intensive sites are included. HOWEVER, if you wanted video chat, HD Skype, or other business needs, you would need to pay 3.99/stay for this upgraded internet. Comfort: There was AC in this room to help keep us cool and remove some of the humidity. There was a digital thermostat. Staff must turn off the AC before you arrive, because it was humid and warm when you enter.Overall: Hotel is worth the price. I suggest requesting a twin Queen room if you are traveling with a family or a couple that doesn't share the same bed. A King sized room with 2 adults and 3 small children didn't suit us. We would stay here again but with a different room choice.Thank you for your detailed review of our hotel. While I'm glad that you were happy enough to return in the future, I am profoundly sorry for the fact that we checked another guest into your room. This is unacceptable and I am very sorry. Please contact me if you feel there is anything I can do to make it right for you and your family. I'll be sure to share you comments with our staff so we can be sure to continue to improve our service for each future guest!We hope to see you again soon!
We used a certificate for a night away on my wife's birthday. The hotel was very friendly and provided us with all the amenities we are used to. It is very clean and in a convenient place for all of the activities that we had planned.Dear USNA70, I am glad to hear you enjoyed our amenities and friendly staff at the Courtyard by Marriott Rancho Bernardo.We hope to see you again very soon.Best Regards, Francesca Suh
Hotel was clean, staff put us on the first floor because I was using s cane to walk. Staff was so friendly, even got our luggage and loaded it into our car. Thank you so much. Room was clean. Front desk greeted us every time they saw us
We stayed on Courtyard Rancho Bernardo since it is only 10 miles away from San Diego Safari Park. Staff are friendly and nice, the room is not bad, pretty spacious and clean. Very convenience, there is cafe serve breakfast on the ground floor, and also Pearl Chinese restaurant within walking distance from the hotel.Dear PengembaraAbadi,I am glad to hear you enjoyed our friendly staff at the Courtyard by Marriott Rancho Bernardo.We hope to see you again very soon.Best Regards, Francesca Suh
Stayed at the hotel during Memorial Day Weekend with the family. They had complimentary ice cream and movies for the family. Great service, clean rooms, and excellent atmosphere. Will come back next time.
Very nice hotel. As you would expect the rooms are standard size, clean and comfortable. The breakfast area is good size but gets busy in the morning, so leave a little extra time. The pool and patio area are well kept and overlook a nice pond/garden area. There are lots of restaurants within walking distance. Staff was friendly and helpful.
Courtyard was better than I thought. We are visiting San Diego for my daughter's birthday and she wanted to go zipline. I looked for a place to stay and the courtyard by mariott was available :-) I didn't know what to expect bit was delighted to find it clean, comfy and friendly staff. There was a bit of a line that seemed to take much to long. Everything else was great! I am so glad to hear that you enjoyed your birthday visit at the Courtyard by Marriott at Rancho Bernardo. Our close proximity to the San Diego Zoo Safari Park and it's awesome zip-line makes us a popular choice for a lot of their visitors. Thank you for choosing the Courtyard by Marriott at Rancho Bernardo! We hope you'll come visit again soon!
This hotel was having their pool renovated without mention on their website (because they would lose bookings) and the Front Office manager on duty Christine - was one of the least professional hotel managers I've ever talked to. In short, she was rude and inconsiderate when asked questions. As Marriott Platinum members they give you a free item from their market per room to use during stay which SHE turned around and charged for on the credit card. Essentially they committed fraud and acted like they couldn't do anything to make situations right when guests are unhappy. Marriott is losing control of quality or they are becoming a very difficult brand. Either way, avoid this hotel - ESPECIALLY if you are an elite Marriott member. Christine - really doesn't belong anywhere near guests or the hospitality industry.Hello jbsdtraveler,Your Platinum status is certainly appreciated as well as your feedback. I will be personally looking into your communication and taking quick action to further improve service. Thank you for staying with us. At your service,Oscar. R.
Business stay during the week. Was very pleasant and quiet. The room and common areas of the building were very nice. The bistro had very good breakfast and dinner, great local beers, with friendly staff that gave great recommendations. Faris and Matt in the bistro did a great job.Dear ChrisWebb130,I am glad to hear you enjoyed your stay at the Courtyard by Marriott Rancho Bernardo.We hope to see you again very soon.Best Regards, Francesca Suh
I booked this hotel for my son's High School water polo tournament. The stay was wonderful the boys enjoyed breakfast and said this hotel had the best hotel eggs. I would definitely recommend this hotel for team travel. My husband and I enjoyed our stay as well I asked to be on a completely different floor from the boys. The room was a good size the bed was comfy this was the best sleep I had at a hotel! There was a small problem with the air conditioning but maintenance fixed the problem extremely quick! I would definitely stay here again! The staff was very friendly and accommodating.Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel on Tripadvisor. We appreciate your feedback and I'm happy to see that you enjoyed your stay. Our hotel does quite a lot of business with sports teams and it's great to know that our hard work to accommodate these groups is appreciated. We hope to see you again soon!
I can't say enough about the quality of customer service provided by the team at the Rancho Bernardo Courtyard by Marriott. Oscar Recinos and Keegan Brady truly understand the hospitality industry. I highly recommend their establishment.
We stayed here for one night. Everything was adequate. Nothing to complain about. The location was close to a shopping center that had great restaurants. Very convenient. Staff friendly, parking close to lobby.Dear Mr. marglowe3, We would love to have you back with us soon. Our front desk can suggest great local restaurants. Sincerely, Francesca Suh
This hotel is an average hotel geared towards the business traveler. I have stayed hear multiple times for work, most recently, the last two weeks. The breakfast is pretty good, the amenities are alright, nice pool, small little gym, a laundry room, and a computer in the lobby to print out tickets. Little things that would be nice ... access... More
I have stayed here before and it's nice! I work in the area and I always love to come here for a nice relaxing beer or wine after work. The front desk people are super helpful and nice. The bar/bistro employees (specifically Faris Keegan) are intelligent young men who are great conversationalists, always willing to help and answer any... More
We were in San Diego for a wedding and most people in the family stayed here, so we did too. The hotel itself is alright, there's nothing wrong with it, but nothing great. Rooms were decent. The location however is not the best. It's quite far from the city center, and with traffic the drive is long.Dear 976emma,Thank you for taking your time to review our property. The wedding groups book with Courtyard Marriott Rancho Bernardo because our locations is near the venue and our hotel is 30 minute away from Downtown. We hope to get an opportunity to better your experience in near future and our front desk agents would be able to give local restaurant and attraction recommendation. Sincerely,Francesca Suh
We have family in Rancho Bernardo and often stay here and most recently stayed a few nights after Christmas. It's in a good location, next to a freeway, though am happy to report we never hear the freeway much. They have a Cafe which is great but they don't have a real Starbucks but it's better than nothing. Will stay here again.
Overall nice hotel. Very clean. Staff was very nice. The pool and surrounding area was clean. Within walking distance of very nice restaurants. Downfall is it is directly beside the freeway. I would stay here again. I almost forgot to mentione, when the phone rep from Marriott helped to book my stay, she booked two nights, then used my free rewards for the 3rd night. Because of this, I was told the 2nd night that I would have to pack up and move to another room. That didn't happen.
Excellent hotel, location, facilities and very friendly staff, especially a girl from the dining room called Melissa Luna, who always received us very kind and sought to help us in everything we need. Congratulations for your staff.
Reward points stay for a weekend getaway for me and my wife. We usually stay at the Gaslamp Marriott, but we were looking for a change of scenery. A little confusing with the Springhill and Residence Inn being in the same building, but, nothing to difficult to figure out. Check in was a breeze, and Vanessa was extremely helpful and friendly. As a Platinum premier member I was offered the standard choice of a market item or points. I chose points as I always do. About 1/2 hour after check in a bottle of wine and 2 glasses showed up at my room compliments of Vanessa. What a great surprise! Rooms were clean and modern, if not a little small from an older Springhill suites. The only issue we really had was with the breakfast buffet. I know it is complimentary, but, the eggs and sausage were pretty much inedible. Other then that, I would recommend this location anyone looking for a hotel in a great location between the water front and Little Italy.
It's a standard SpringHill Suites--which means it's nice! But the location is great! Right on the water, it has a great view. Breakfast was good and we walked to the Padres game (20-25 minutes, but a nice walk).
This is a new hotel, very modern. Customer service was very good, location was excellent near seaport village and just across the street from Midway 41 Museum. Breakfast was included in our package and it was very good. When going to the pool, better take towels from room, since they run out pretty fast at the pool. Ongoing construction very near the hotel, but it did not bother at all our sleep or relaxing. Hotel Highly recommended.
We went to the Springhill Suites for our grand niece, who was starting San Diego State. When we walked in the lobby they had a counter for the Springhill Suites and next to it the Residence Inn. The place is beautifully decorated, reasonable and the service was fantastic. The rooms are large and we had a wonderful view of the city skyline. Breakfast was also a shared dining room with so many options of food it was impossible to go hungry. The food quality was very good.
Our flight got cancelled so we booked a stay here last minute! The fact that this hotel only opened a couple of weeks ago is amazing because the staff didn't seem new to it at all. I don't remember the name of the gentleman that checked us in (he was a runner on thursday night) but wow, he was incredible! I will never stay anywhere else in San Diego again. He was so professional, welcoming and went out of his way to help us. I work as a manager in the hospitality industry and would die to have employees as good as the ones here! The bed was so comfortable I want one for my own house! And the view, wow, we were on the 15th floor overlooking the bay and it was breathtaking! This is a 5 star hotel!
This is a fantastic business hotel option. It's brand new and the overall design of the hotel is wonderful. The rooms are modern, with a wonderful office and sitting area setup. Really enjoyed the bed and the bathrooms are nice as well with good water pressure. They have a pretty well stocked breakfast buffet, and some pretty decent food and beverage options in the market in the lobby. Wifi service is solid, and the overall service provided by the employees is friendly and prompt. Only downside is it's not walking distance to anything, but does have a nice location on the water and if you like to walk/run then you'll enjoy the strip along the water.
We had a fantastic time at the new SpringHill Suites San Diego Bayfront... Spectacular views from our high floor thanks to Tesara at the front desk who lavished us on our 43rd anniversary with a high Bay Front Room, Wine and chocolates. Kevin was so helpful bringing us an extra chair so we could enjoy the view from our enormous floor-to-ceiling window. The extensive delicious breakfast buffet was a real treat thanks to Chelsea and her breakfast staff. Thank you for making our San Diego experience truly memorable
Hotel is in an incredibly convenient area of old town San Diego near the midway aircraft carrier and the ferry. Would recommend this hotel. The breakfast was buffet style which was okay. There are so many restaurants in the area that you dont need to expect to eat there all the time. We had a conference for the week and they did serve lunch which was very nice.
Over and above all other 5* reviews I wish to emphasize that everything is adapted and accessible! We arrived by train (Amtrak) and left by ship (cruise). This hotel is a very short walk from the Santa Fe train, trolley / streetcar station and bus terminal. All sidewalks there cross two sets of rail tracks. The gaps are well leveled, bumpy but otherwise easy to cross. The cruise port is further west, just across the street. Our room, including bathroom, was impeccable. There was enough space to roll around and turn (ref: power wheelchair 24 wheelbase). Every member of the hotel staff we met was friendly and attentive, anxious to jump and help.
The hotel is very nice and trendy because its so new. We booked a 12th floor bay view suite for the view. When checking in, they told us it was the best view! Unfortunately. While it shouldve had a great view, there is a massive support beam that runs floor to ceiling in between the foot of the bed and the window. So you cant see the water clearly from your bed. Its like staying in a fixed up boiler room. What a shame and what a thoughtless design. The pillar isnt even nice, its just solid unfinished concrete. Additionally, the hotel is about 3/4 of a mile from Seaport Village so you have to walk a little bit to get to the action. Not a big deal, but still...nicer hotels charge less to stay closer.
This hotel was very new and modern. Very clean. Staff friendly. It was clean and is located near the airport. We had a nice water view. There was no shuttle or room service. The counter space in the bathroom is a bit small. But the room had a couch and coffee table in addition the the bed area. That was a plus. We called Uber and got to the airport for 8.50. Not too bad. Would stay again. Cozy pillows and mattress.
The extreme heat in the Los Angeles area was starting to become unbearable, and so when news of a college buddy visiting Cali again after so many years, I immediately opted for a short getaway close to water...coastal maybe. My friends and I found ourselves in this beautiful newly built hotel, open barely 4 months for a great price! With a modern lobby, courteous staff, spacious room with a magnificent view of the port and the USS Midway! It was in close proximity to all activities, SEAL transportation, trolley, USS Midway aircraft carrier museum, Seaport Village, Gaslamp etc,,all within walking distance. The breakfast buffet was yummy too. We wished we stayed more than one night, but will surely stay here again next time we're in San Diego. This place is definitely two thumbs up and a high five .
Spent one night here (October 12, 2018) but it was an excellent one night! The staffing from the moment I arrive did everything they could to provide A++ service. From the front desk staff, to the valet staff to the bar staff (I believe his name was Nathan), everyone was superb and ensured all of my needs were met. I cannot over-stress the serve. It didn't end there the next morning I was in a hurry and breakfast was easy and valet had my car ready in a flash. I will definitely stay there next time I am in San Diego.
I've stayed in both the Residence Inn and the Springhill at this location. It's new and close to all of the water front attractions. Easy walk to downtown. Easy ride to the airport. Rooms are nice and have good views, no matter which way you face. Like the RI better because of the size of the room.Parking is obscenely expensive - be prepared.
I know, I know, it's San Diego, and we bit the bullet and coughed up the 45 daily parking fees, but it was such a hassle that while we were there we used Uber for our in-and-out short trips. Hotel itself was nice and bright and clean. Friendly and helpful staff. We had a corner room with bay view, which was nice. Thought it strange though that there was a huge exposed grey concrete support in the corner of the room. Breakfast buffet was plentiful but would have liked a bacon offering also.
I was in town to run the Rock and Roll Marathon and this hotel was right near the finish line which was excellent for me as I stumbled back to my room. The hotel itself is brand new and very nice. The rooms are a little small but this is certainly nothing to complain about.
I spent one night there as I was attending a conference at the Convention Center. Found the room modern and very pleasing, with big windows and a view of the bayfront. It was comfortable and also very practical with a small sitting area, a couch, and a desk with views to the outside. The breakfast was rich with many offerings. The staff was very courteous and helpful. The one drawback is the parking, they only offer valet for 40. On the lot just next to the hotel there is a public parking for 20, but no in-and out privileges. That said, the trains station (Santa Fe Depot) is a block away and the trolley also stops here, so I would recommend just stick to talking, public transportation, or taxis. Driving in Downtown San Diego is a pain anyway.
We have stayed closer to the seaport village on previous visits to San Diego but this was a great location. We walked to the Midway, the Maritime museum and the Seaport Village along with driving to the Zoo and Legoland. There is also a new park with water feature across from the Maritime museum that was a favorite spot for my 11 year old son. We stayed on the 15th floor. Our room was very nice and quiet but the bathroom has one of those sliding barn doors with a little bit of a gap when closed so not complete privacy. We heard someone complaining about it downstairs. The Wi-Fi worked fine during our 5 day stay. The breakfast was great all the mornings we were there. My son loved the waffles. You need to go down early though since with the size of the hotel, it could get crowded although there are a lot of seating options. The pool on the 5th floor was a little small but it was a great view of the city and water. There was a Starbucks across the street behind the Amtrak station so it was close enough. It is a very new area so I am guessing more food and drink options will be available soon.
Our family of 4 (2 adults, 2 kids) stayed At SpringHill for 2 days. We used self-parking which is located close to the lobby, so really didn't need valet service. The staff, from those manning the check-in to the cleaning crew, were all extremely polite, professional, and helpful. We were assisted by Jesus at check-in and the guy was really quick and provided wonderful service. We stayed in the corner suite with bay view and if you can get it, get it! The view is awesome and room size was adequate for our family. ( Although the room is listed as a suite, the size is a bit smaller compared to other suite rooms IMO. However, the price is much better.) The room was clean and the bathroom was exceptionally clean, to the delight of my wife. The AC worked well to keep the mostly-glass-walled-room comfortable. The free breakfast buffet did get a bit crowded but again, the staff was friendly and worked really hard to accommodate everyone. The only issue or nuisance at the hotel was that the elevator doors open and close really fast. So fast that we would need to get the kids ready to jump in as soon as we heard the ding. I guess this can be good or bad depending on your situation. Overall, good room, great staff, and being clean is a winning model for a hotel. I would definitely stay at SpringHill again, and would recommend to friends and family.
While in San Diego for a water polo tournament, our son's club secured a block of rooms at the Springhill Suites for parents at 209 per night (including breakfast) + 20 per night parking. Normally we are not big fans of the hotels the club selects (because the choice is most often based solely on the lowest price available) this time, however, we were beyond pleased. The hotel is relatively new and exceptionally clean, and every staff member with whom we interacted was courteous and efficient, especially so at check in. Additionally, there were many large parking spaces in the hotel's parking structure that made it a ding-free experience for our car.Our room was modern and spacious (a very comfortable kingsize bed, a large sofa, a work desk, a large flatscreen TV, a dorm-size refrigerator, a microwave, and an air conditioner that, by choice, made the room meat locker cold......sooooo good). There was also free Wi-Fi that was relatively fast and many easily accessible electrical outlets to charge our phones, and other devices. Another plus for the hotel lies in the fact that it is located within easy walking distance of many very good restaurants and the train station. Plus, for those who would like to leave the car at home and Amtrak in from Orange or LA Counties, it would be easy to do.Over all, we were very please with our experience at the Springhill Suites San Diego Bayfront.
Great hotel location and quality of service! The lobby was adorned with holiday decor that rendered the place magical. Staff was accommodating and cheerful. Our room was cozy and big in size, the beddings was so soft it will relax your body after a tiring day. The location is easy access to everything you need.
Staff very helpful and professional. Furniture was slightly warn compared to other similarly priced hotels in the area. Internet service came in handy and very consistent. Breakfast add on was a plus, very good, the buffet bar could have more fruit selections, but overall the food was very good and definitely a valued add on.
This is an old property. And it is not that convenient for a San Diego visit. It's almost in LA Mesa.But, if you don't mind a 15 minute drive to SD, check this place out.The rooms are super clean. New paint, new tile, new bedding, new TVs. Small rooms at reasonable prices.The exterior needs a power wash, but seriously I was relieved when I checked in.
Great location had a great time! recommend this Motel. The view from our room was beautiful. The hotel staff was very helpful and friendly. Thank you for a enjoyable stay. Breakfast was very good, coffee was excellent. A special thank you to all staff who was extremely helpful and accomodating.
Great location had a great time! recommend this Motel. The view from our room was beautiful. The hotel staff was very helpful and friendly. Thank you for a enjoyable stay. Breakfast was very good, coffee was excellent. A special thank you to all staff who was extremely helpful and accomodating.
We chose this Fairfield because of the price (very nice with Marriott Friends and Family rate) and the location on the north side of Sacramento. It was convenient to family in north Sacramento, to Thunder Valley Casino and to the highway that took us further north to Oroville the next day. If you're a shopper, it was also convenient to... More
We'd done our homework beforehand so knew not to accept the first room offered which was over the office. We got a 2nd floor room over the carport. We brought ear plugs but didn't find the walls to be thin like other reviews. Yes, there is noise outside your room when people are going to and coming from the parks, but that's what we were there for so it didn't bother us. No one used the pool after hours and at most there were only two families at a time using it. We did use it and the hot tub a few times, nice clean. We stayed 5 nights during spring break with no problems. Our car was parked in the carport and was blocked one day but we didn't need to move it as we were going to the parks. It did not get dinged. We used the in-room safe, refrigerator, and microwave. We knew in advance that the only protein at the continental breakfast was hard-boiled eggs so we brought some microwave bacon and made it in our room to supplement. Having breakfast there was such a time-saver. We got an awesome deal with a free night through Get Away Today which included all the fees (resort, safe, taxes) except for the parking (we also knew this in advance), for which we paid 46.80 upon checkout. All the hotel staff we interacted with were very nice and helpful, especially the breakfast attendant. It was so nice to be able to walk to the parks, especially during a busy season when we did not want to waste time with a shuttle or getting in out of parking. My husband found the bed to be too hard toward the end of our stay but the rest of our family slept fine. The A/C worked so well we had to turn it off at times would be more than adequate for summer heat. I honestly feel that some other reviewers are being too picky, expecting a 4 or 5 star hotel. If your goal is to maximize your time at Disneyland and utilize a family and budget friendly hotel for sleeping breaks, Del Sol is the place.
We always stay here when we go to Disneyland! They are right across the street from Disneyland, they have a fridge, microwave, in the rooms. The rooms are clean and comfortable. The staff is friendly. We know what to expect. We did not go to the continental breakfast, but it is available. We also used the Wi-Fi. Other than the fact that the people above us walked back and forth frequently and like elephants. No complaints.
This is the second year in a row we've gone to Disneyland and I chose this hotel rather than my last one because according to google maps it was literally right across the street from Disney, and that was correct. The parking was cheap and it really takes just a couple of minutes to be at the Disneyland front gate. There's also an IHOP, McDonalds, Cold Stone Creamery, and another buffet place all right there on the corner. The room was huge! We had a full couch, table, two beds, and my daughter still had room to do a cartwheel. For the price, the cleanliness of the room, the size of the room, and the location, you can't beat Del Sol Inn. The staff was very helpful and kind too.
We stayed here 4 nights in August. We arrived before check-in and were able to park our car and go over and enjoy Disneyland for a little bit before our rooms were ready. We were traveling with another family and had called ahead to request the rooms be together if possible and to have a first floor room. both requests were accommodated and we had rooms right at the front of the hotel. It was nice to not have to walk to the back of the hotel after a long day in the parks.The room itself was basic, but it was so spacious! We had plenty of room to just park the stroller at the end of the day and not be tripping over it all night. The beds were okay. If you like firm beds, you will likely be good with these. The A/C works great. This is a huge must for me when traveling to Disneyland in the summer months! It wasn't too loud either. The bathroom was clean and overall I have no complaints about the room. The fridge and microwave were a good addition. We did have a small problem of the fridge freezing our milk, but everything else was good.The breakfast was very basic. We only ate there two out of four mornings because we had other plans for those days. Overall it was enough to get you started on your day.Parking was tight, but we were able to find a spot when we arrived and didn't move until a few days later. They do double park the cars when there is no more room, but the valet is great about moving them if you need to get out. Biggest con that we had was that the room above us had an EXTEMELY squeaky floor and the people in that room were absolutely inconsiderate of there being people below them. We had two nights where they came in and didn't stop making noise up there until after 1am. If it had woken my kids up, I would have been much more upset about it. Since they slept through it, I was annoyed, but didn't mention it to the front desk or anything. The other two nights, different people checked in, and while we still hear the squeaking floor, it was minimal compared to the previous guests. The location couldn't be better, and we were able to take a break each day and come back to the room and cool down. I will definitely look at this hotel again when traveling to Disneyland.Dear Wendy C,Thank you for taking time to write us a great review, it makes team Del Sol inn proud knowing you enjoyed our service. We truly appreciate your business and look forward to serve you again in near future.Sincerely,Parveen
I stayed here with family for a few days in December. The staff was friendly and helpful. Rooms are basic but clean and the bed was comfortable. Free wifi was available and great had no issues with the wifi. Very close to Disneyland and Dennys is in front of the motel which was handy. I would stay here again it was great for going to Disneyland.
The best part of this hotel is the location. It cannot be beat for that reason only I'd stay here again. Was greeted by a younger guy of Asian appearance in reception room wasn't ready but he guaranteed it would be bottom floor as needed, and there was a muck up with check out dates (del sol error) and he said it would be fixed up. I come back and not only did he not get a bottom floor room he didn't bother fixing the error either. Thankfully the new guy that served me did but don't bother tipping the other guy he won't do his job. Room itself was fine only problem was the noise. A toddler upstairs walking felt like Tyrannosaurus rex up there. Yes breakfast is average but I'm happy with cereal so I felt it was fine. I didn't like the fact the cleaners left your doors open for upto an hour whilst doing other rooms. I was in the pool and the ones near the pool were open. I'm glad I hide my expensive things in the safe. The Denny's in front isn't great food or service but I hop 2 doors down was great
Had a great stay at the Del Sol Inn. We stayed in one of the bunk bed rooms which gave us a lot of room to spread out. I called ahead to find out the length of the bunk bed as we had a tall teen staying with us. They were very accommodating and measured the bed for me. I honestly cannot remember what the measurements were, but fit perfect for my friends daughter who is 5'4. Would have been a tight fit otherwise, unless you sleep curled in a ball! The hotel is set back from the street so no noise from traffic, and was a VERY short walk to the parks! You're literally across the street from the bus depot entrance! I would DEFINITLY stay here again (and plan to in May 2015)!
Del Sol Inn on Harbor Blvd. is all about the location if you want to go to Disneyland. The rooms are charming, but if you are looking for upscale accommodations, this is not the hotel for you. The hotel offers a free breakfast, which is filling and convenient.
While booking this trip, I was looking for an affordable hotel with free breakfast that was within walking distance of Disneyland for a four-person bachelorette trip. This hotel was perfect.ROOM: The hotel is an older property but it has been very well maintained and the hotel rooms have been updated recently with new counters and lighting fixtures. The bathroom sink/vanity was separate from the bathtub and toilet, which was great for getting ready in the morning. The beds are comfy (but we were also exhausted after spending our days in the park so I don't think it would've made a difference). There was a mini-fridge and microwave, both newer appliances. We asked for a room closer to the front of the property, which shaved about two minutes off our morning walks to get to the parks. It is not a fancy hotel but it is VERY well kept.LOCATION: The property is tucked away behind a Denny's and parking lot which means it does not get any of the main road traffic noise late at night. But once you get to the sidewalk, you can literally see the Disneyland welcome sign across the street. It is SO close, it takes just under 10 minutes to get to the security check right outside the parks. If you've got kids, the location is ideal for afternoon naps/breaks back at the hotel. Mind you it is located behind a parking lot with no divided walkway so keep watch your little ones keep away from cars driving through the parking lot/valet driveway. There's also a McDonald's, IHOP, other restaurants, and gift shops nearby.POOL/HOT TUB: We only used the hot tub one evening after spending all day walking in the park. It was a smaller hot tub but our group and a couple other guests managed to fit about eight people in there comfortably. It was nice to chat with other guests at the hotel who were clearly also Disney fans. Towels are available poolside.BREAKFAST: The breakfast room was adequate. There was cereal and milk, some fruits, muffins and pastries, juice and coffee. If you're a light breakfast person, it may be enough for you. We had some big breakfast people in our group and it just wasn't enough to sustain them for the early part of the day. If you just need some snacks before an actual sit-down breakfast later in the morning, it should be OK. But I wouldn't book this hotel just for the breakfast.All that said, I would absolutely book this hotel again in the future for another Disneyland trip.Thank you for your great review. We are so glad that you enjoyed your stay with us! We hope you will visit again soon!
Stayed here 4 nights with my family, booked the kids suite with bunk beds. Found the room spacious and clean and the grounds clean as well. The pool was well maintained and they even provided guest towels. Did not like the bed, found it uncomfortable and my teens felt the there was a lack of outlets for electronic devices. Loved the proximity to the Parks and restaurants. Did not care for the breakfast, feel that they should add a waffle maker or some other protein. The walls were thin and could here both the upstairs and side neighbors, not bad if they actually sleep at a decent time.
Most of the Harbor Boulevard hotels have come to a certain accommodation level somewhere between an Econolodge and a Holiday Inn Express, so there's not a lot to say about the style of the property except what distinguishes it from its sister hotels up and down the street.Google maps is a great way to see exactly how convenient a hotel is to the Disneyland Resort. You basically have two ways to get in - one from the west and one from the east. On the west side is the Disneyland family of hotels and Downtown Disney, so staying on that side you have to go through all that to get to the parks. On the east side, the pedestrian entrance is directly across from the IHOP at 1560 S Harbor Blvd, and when I say directly, you cross the street and you are walking into the front door of the IHOP.The absolute CLOSEST hotel is the Best Western Park Place, followed by the Desert Inn, then you have a tie with the Tropicana Inn and the Del Sol. It's actually closer to the park entrance from any of these hotels than staying at the Disneyland Hotel!I was at first skittish about the hotel for some of the reasons cited in other reviews. It's not a chain, the reviews are varied, and it just looks like it's in a weird place, set back from Harbor Boulevard behind Denny's.The good news is that my fears were unfounded. We had a quiet room with a well-maintained, satisfyingly consistently rumbling air conditioner. Microwave and Fridge in room, tube TV with good Dish network channel reception (SD, and oddly the locals were fuzzy.) Front desk was responsive. Bed was firm and comfortable. Iron and ironing board worked. Safe worked. Didn't use the in-room coffeemaker because we were right next to the breakfast room. Breakfast begins at 7, and is very limited, but serviceable.The big, big issue with the hotel is that they do not have enough parking. Which is *fine* if you plan ahead, and especially if you're spending your whole time at Disney. When they fill up, they start valeting cars. We were also in town for my cousin's wedding, and needed access to our vehicle more than a normal Disney vacationer would. You may want to plan ahead with extra tip money. The valets are available 24 hours, and if one's not visible, they'll call them. I needed my car at 5:00 a.m., and they were quick to respond and get it out... maybe a 15 minute wait.Oh, and for all you parking cost complainers, sorry - that's the price of business in southern California. The state park we went to for the rehearsal dinner had a 3 parking fee!We got our reservations to the Del Sol via Hotels.com on a special, and used one of our 1 free with 10 nights, so the four night stay was very reasonable in price. I would recommend it just as highly as the chain hotels, and would stay here again.
We stayed there Summer 2010 but thought we should put a review in on the hotel. Room is rated as average because of price. This is a no frills hotel.I will admit when I first arrived at the Del Sol Inn, I was not impressed and thought oh my gosh this is an old run down motel. We stayed there four nights and the place grew on us. For the price it is a true bargain. It is so close and so reasonable. The beds are nothing to brag about and the breakfast hours make it difficult if you plan on making an early morning entry. But what they lack on upgrades they make up on service. I asked for a few more pillows on our first night and their response was how many would you like. We had breakfast in our room one morning (because we were up earlier than the provided breakfast time) I went by the office for some sugar. He could not find, the sugar packets so he provided me with a bowl of sugar. The housekeeping actually did a fantastic job. We caught them twice (we come back for naps and lunch) and there were THREE housekeepers cleaning our room. Lets face it the room is VERY INEXPENSIVE for the location the location can not be any better unless you were staying next door for twice (or more) the price. Like I said when I first arrived I was disappointed but after four days of being so close and getting pretty decent service, they won me over. This place is a real bargain. Oh and parking lot is small we never had a problem and we would drive off for lunch and them come back and take that nap I mentioned. Just realize you are paying for the location and you will not be disappointed. They could upgrade the beds, extend the breakfast hours, etc ... but if they did that they may have to charge more.
The hotel room was larger than expected, the beds were comfortable, and the location was exceptional! The staff was very pleasant and efficient. I would not hesitate to stay at this hotel on our next trip to Disneyland.
The room worked well for our family. Having a bunk bed in the room with 2 queens was great as each child got their own bed. Hot tub was nice, pool is a little deep for kids unless they can swim. Breakfast was quite adequate, staff was friendly and the location was perfect. It is not fancy but good value for your money.Dear Joanne S.Thank you for taking time to review our hotel, Bunk beds rooms are most popular and I'm glad your kids liked them. It makes Del Sol Inn team proud knowing the guest like yourself leave happy with our service, Thank you for giving us opportunity to serve you and we hope to see you again in near future.Thank you,
The place is in great walking distance from Disneyland BUT, the rooms are pretty small and the parking is worse. The hotel staff could be friendlier, seemed to be put off that we were there checking in. It's pretty noisey and could hear everything outside. I'd rather walk a few blocks than stay here again.
We called months ahead and told them we had 2 mobility scooters and requested a 1st floor room. They noted our request but said that if needed we could charge and keep our mobility scooters in the lobby and that they'd be safe there. When we got there we couldn't get a 1st floor room (which we understood may happen), but we were told that we could park our scooters just outside the lobby, near the vending machine but we'd have to unplug the vending machine to charge them a the same time. We ended up having to break down the scooters and haul them up and down the stairs each morning and night. Thankfully there were helpful hotel guest and one hotel valet. Parking was awful. The valet people earned their pay. Location was great but that's about it.
This property is truly ACROSS THE STREET from the pedestrian walkway into the main esplanade for Disneyland and Disney California-great for tired feet at the end of the day! Many places state that they are across the street or close and then offer a shuttle on the street -if you need a shuttle- you are NOT CLOSE and sure you may be across the street ...from the backside of Disneyland...so be careful. Check in was at 3pm. Parking is in a very small lot but the lot is contained off of the street and it is Valet parking so you don't have to worry about parking the car. We were also able to access our car with no problem while we stayed there and the valet staff were very helpful and nice. The room was small in comparison to some places (true to the pictures on their website though) but big enough for us - as we were just mainly there to sleep. There was a small coffee maker and a microwave as well as a refrigerator in the room. They offer a continental breakfast but we skipped it all 4 days as we just wanted to hit the park. There is a Disneyland Annual Passholder discount here also! Our room was pretty quite and was located above the carport -we only heard screaming kids headed out in the morning and returning in the evening -no big deal. Pros: Super Close, Clean, very nice staff, grab and go breakfast if you want it, cookies at check in, newly remodeled, valet parking, there is a Denny's and an IHOP directly in front of the inn. The beds were comfy.Cons: (none of these were deal breakers for me) refrigerator wasn't very cold at check in so we adjusted it and it was fine, check in time was firmly after 3pm, they charge you a fee of 2-3 a day for use of the room safe (a keyed safe) but if you don't want to use it just tell them, parking is about 11 a day (but it is valet-so there is that)They ran out of extra pillows for the pull out sofa bed.I would stay here again in a heartbeat. :)
We got a good deal through a third party. Room rate was 109 for New Year's Day. Hotel was 2 minute walk from Disney Land and near many food establishments. Rooms were old and relatively clean. Lighting was a bit dim for my taste. Small bathroom, but sink right outside. Had refrigerator and old rusting microwave. Bad news If you are on second floor, you are hauling your suitcases up the stairs. No elevator. Also the shades are plantation shutters that let the sun in at the crack of dawn. Don't forget the occasional roll of a suitcase right by your room, or housekeeping loudly rolling their cart by your room early in the morning. Oh, and for some reason housekeeping knocked on our door at 930AM just to say sorry!! All in all this is a convenience, inexpensive motel disguised as an inn. Clever naming! For the money, the stay was OK but would not repeat.
Checked in around 1:30am, so we expected to not get great service. Not the case! The staff was very friendly and they even came out and helped us unload and park the car. Hotel was very quiet, pool was nice, and room was clean. Only thing they can maybe work on is what they offer for breakfast. Same thing very day kinda got boring. I did bring our own breakfast items so it wasn't too bad. Overall great time! How can you complain when you are going to the happiest place on earth!
Arrived later than planned ,reception staff vey helpful and made every effort to assist us.Rooms are good size with fridge and coffee maker although a kettle would have been better.Location superb,a 2 min walk to the disney resort.Pool and hot tub are superb and very clean.Maid service every day with plenty of fresh clean towels daily.Buffet breakfast was very nice.Plenty of nice places to eat very near to the Hotel.
I chose this hotel only so we can accommodate 2 more adults. The door locks were broken. Each time we left the room, we had to arrange for a employee to open the door for us. Room was smelly (mould like smell). The room was small. The jacuzzi was terrible foamy like someone would put a bottle of shampoo there. The location was very good. Just minutes to the Disney park. Breakfast poor and locked up right at 9 am so no sleeping in. Next time I'll go for 2 rooms in other hotel.
The plus of this place is doubtless the location: in front of Disney parks entrance, just on the other side of the road!!Concerning the structure itself, interaction with the staff has been surely positive, all the people we met were really nice with us, but this is where positive aspects unfortunately stops...Rooms are old (bed creak, shower difficult to run) and unless you turn ac at max also really hot. The structure is also very noisy too: you can clearly hear people in the other rooms or, worse pulling their luggage on the gallery outside..
We come to Disneyland every 12-15 months and we always stay at the Del Sol Inn! We love it!! The location is awesome and the breakfast is doable. The staff is always friendly and the pool/hot tub is clean. We love love love the beds and pillows. The bunk beds are a nice perk. We might look around at the other hotels on Harbor Blvd for our next trip only because the prices keep going up. We usually come around the same time of year and only a few years ago we paid 67 a night and this trip was 115. They also now charge 9 a day for parking when that was free a few years ago. We would always choose to stay here but they might price us out...Dear AnnaMarie C.,Thank you for reviewing our hotel, and THANK YOU for being a loyal guest we appreciate you choose us for so many years. We do offer return guest discount which is available to all our returning guest, please mention it to our reservation specialist for appropriate discount towards your next reservation, You can also call me directly at 714-234-3411. We hope to see you again in near future.Sincerely,Best Regards
If you are the type of family/group that likes a fine hotel with plush rooms and over the top customer service, this is not the hotel for you. This hotel has some thin walls, and really small parking spaces.However, this hotel is located directly across the street from the Disneyland's main entrance. It makes for easy access in the morning and at night when the last thing you want to do is take a tram back to the hotel or parking lot. Its location also makes the afternoon nap a definite possibility.Besides the location, it has a nice pool, comfortable beds, and it is plenty clean. The best part of this hotel is the AC that will cool down your room in under a minute, plus it gives you that AC sound that reminds you of how sweet vacation really is.
When we are traveling to Disney with friends and family, we alway stay at the Anaheim Del Sol. It is an older hotel that is clean, has a great pool and jacuzzi for those nights when your back and feet can't go any further and a basic continental breakfast. If you are not looking for pizazz and want to save some money to spend in the park, this is definetly the place for you. It is located directly across the street from Disneyland's main entrance. The staff is very attentive to your needs and does their best to accomodate whatever you need. They have family rooms that sleep up to 6 with 2 queen beds and a bunk bed.
Checked in here last week for two nights. Booked in advance a two queen bed room for myself, husband, and five year old daughter. Our normal hotel we stay at in Anaheim was sold out already (close to Thanksgiving) so we went with the Del Sol Inn since it's also equally close to the park.And that's the best part. You can walk to the parks in about five minutes even if you just miss the light to cross Harbor Blvd.!When checking in I was greeted the following way: Hi, can I help youYes, I have a reservation, insert name hereOh, I've been dreading you all night.Um, ok...Yeah, we don't have any more two bed rooms, so I have to give you a king with a roll-away, but don't worry, we won't charge you for the roll-away.Really It's only 8pm and I made this reservation months agoSorry.So then we go to park and of course there's no parking. We're assured that Valet is free, but you have to tip.The room is okay. Clean, up to date, AC/Heat worked fine.The roll-away arrives and it's horrible. My five year old refused to sleep on it and I didn't blame her one bit, it was really lumpy in some areas and hard in others, so then we shared a bed for two nights.Free Wifi wasn't consistent, but worked okay about 75 of the time.We didn't try the breakfast.All the hotels in this area have noise issues so I'm not knocking them at all for that.It was nice to have a fridge in the room.That's about it. I mean, I'd stay here again if I had to, but I'd rather go back to one of the other properties on Harbor that at least had enough parking and gave me the room I reserved.
This was our second stay at the Del Sol. We got a first floor, handicap-equipped room to accommodate my mother-in-law. We were right by the pool but it was nice and quiet, and surprisingly we never had any upstairs noise. The beds were comfortable, and the breakfast saved us some money- they even had waffles for my super picky little boy (plus coffee, cereal, fruit, juice, and pastries). If you want an affordable, clean hotel right across the street from the park I would recommend the Del Sol.
We stayed there for multiple nights and from a family of six three of us became sick and after passing it off as exhaustion we later found black mold on our clothes. Headaches sore throats and rashes and coughing all night .we stayed in a room right across from the pool which may have increased the mold and to honest I'm not from a high humidity area so maybe this is common but we have stayed other places in Anaheim for longer and have not experienced this. Everyone says we just need a place to sleep and nothing great .that's what you get here.
Great stay! rooms were remodeled and looking really clean and professional ! I recommend to everyone! ive been there 4 times this year and will keep going back.. flat screens mounted on wall and new tile! the mirrors were LED lit! beautiful room! going back 2017!Dear 244mmoreno,THANK YOU for being a loyal guest we appreciate you choose us. We truly appreciate your business and look forward to see you again.Sincerely,Parveen
We planned our family vacation and stayed at the Del Sol February 17-19, and we could have gotten any closer to the entrance of the park :) the rooms were clean and it was close to place we could walk to for shopping or a quick bite We arrived a bit early but were allowed to park so that we could enjoy Disneyland and not worry about checking in later in the day. Thank you for the great stay.
Great little cozy hotel near perfect local right across from Disneyland. Even though small this hotel is perfect and very economical for Disneyland travelers. The employees are very helpful and always willing to accommodate all your needs. I would highly recommend this quaint little hotel to everyone.
We had looked around the area for an affordable yet clean hotel during our trips to Disneyland. We tend to stay overnight at least once a month in the area. We had stayed in several of the neighboring hotels and found them to be acceptable. In December of 2102 I booked several rooms at the Del Sol Inn for our family. I was very pleased with the staff during our check in process, who made us feel welcome. They were also very accommodating with our large group. The rooms are large and clean. The parking is good and the pool is very nice. Over all I have returned to the Del Sol Inn twice more and plan to us this as our favorite area hotel. I would recommend this hotel to everyone.
Stayed for three nights this past week. Check in was a breeze and the clerk was welcoming. She gave us a choice of which room we wanted and recommended a corner room on second floor cause it was bigger. Valet met us and said to park wherever we wanted - very accomodating. Room was incredibly clean and quite spacious! We never felt closed in and the shutters kept the room really dark for mid afternoon naps. We got an annual pass holder rate at 89 a night - cant beat that! The location is behind Denny's and directly across the street from Disneyland entrance - 5 minute walk. We didn't try the breakfast as we slept through it but did bring our own so the fridge and micro worked out great. We would definitely stay here again and again!
We stayed 2 nights here in July 2004 and would definitely come back. The price was right, the room was clean and spacious, the breakfast was well above the average we had been having in other motels, it was quiet and the best part was that it was so close to Disneyland. This was an absolute positive for us as we were able to walk to and fro and come back easily for a quick swim to cool off. On our last day our taxi failed to show up, and knowing we would miss our train, one of the staff drove us to the train station himself - excellent service!
Parking is awful (super tight space they charge you 8/day to park). The rooms are old beds are hard, but it was clean. Front desk..basic no-nonsense. Super small eating area in the morning offered cheap donuts/muffins. Cereal/milk for kids apples/oranges is the only good thing. Coffee is ok, tho styrofoam cups are super small :( Please, paint the rooms, change the carpets and update the linens! all the (old) window a/c's leaked water on the walkways :( Only reason we stayed is, they were the only one with vacancy when we called. Next time we'll walk a little further if it means better accomodations.
My 11 year old daughter and myself stayed here recently. We booked with short notice. The price was very overpriced for what we got, however, it was comparable to other nearby hotels.When our plane landed, I noticed a voicemail from the hotel confirming that we were still coming (the plane landed at noon). I was a bit worried there wouldn't be a room for us, but there was!We arrived at 3 pm and checked in with no issue and no line. We had asked for a top floor and it was granted without issue. We were given chocolate chip cookies when we arrived which was nice.The room was pretty basic, with a very tiny bathroom, but was fine for the two of us for 3 nights. We had a major issue with our shower where it would not turn off. I called the front desk and housekeeping trying to reach a person and no one was answering so I went down to the lobby and there was a large line to check in. I just happened to notice the maintenance man walking by so asked him. He did follow me back and find a way to turn off the shower, but he got muddy boot prints all over the room. He said he would come back the next day to fix the shower fully. The next day, the shower still didn't work right so we had to have them come back again, and there were more muddy boot prints.There were never pool towels both times we swam. The hot tub was very foamy. Not sure what that was about. The pool is quite small and in the parking lot, but fine for the kids.The rooms are not very soundproof and you can hear people walking by your room (I can only imagine what the rooms by the pool were like), however, with the A/C on, it does dull out a lot of the noise.The breakfast is from 7-9 only. Would have preferred at least a 6:30 am start. It is VERY basic. Thin white bread, doughnuts, hard boiled eggs, fruit loops and corn flakes. I know it is a continental breakfast, but would have liked to have seen them change it up a bit with maybe muffins, croissants, bagels, etc. Regardless, most places don't have a breakfast, so it is better than nothing.The wifi is terrible. It barely works. However, the most annoying thing was on the last day, when we woke up, the original wifi password they gave me no longer worked. I went down to the lobby to get a new one, and that one didn't work either!The biggest perk of this place is that it is VERY close to Disneyland. You cannot really get closer, so that was great.I think with a few minor changes (make sure pool towels are regularly stocked, improve wifi, change variety of breakfasts, etc) it could make the experience completely different.
This is the 2nd time we have stayed at this hotel.It is a clean, basic hotel and extremely close ( a few minutes walk) to Disneyland. Free wifi is great no issues at all.The continental breakfast is fine gets you going for the day. The room is big (we had 3 adults staying) , it is clean and bed comfortable.The staff are great , they went out of their way to help us as our luggage was lost/delayed.I look forward to staying here again when in America.
The best thing to say about the Del Sol Inn is that the location is amazing. When we park at the Mickey and Friends lot we often walk to and from the park instead of taking the tram. This way we avoid taking kids out of strollers. The Del Sol is actually a shorter walk to the park than the Mickey and Friends parking lot. We loved that at the end of a long day in the park we only had a quick walk to get back to our hotel.Other good things to say about the hotel, the rooms are clean, the staff is friendly, and they do have a pool and hot tub if you fancy a soak after walking all over the Disneyland Resort.Keep in mind, we booked this hotel knowing what to expect. It is a two star hotel, so the hotel isn't going to be fancy. The parking situation is likely the biggest complaint the parking spots are narrow and there isn't a lot of room to maneuver. However, because you're so close to the parks, once you're parked you probably won't have to move your car for the entire stay. Arrive early enough in the afternoon and parking probably won't be difficult at all.They do have a continental breakfast. This includes toast, pastries, some fruit and orange juice and milk. Not very exciting. In fact, we had brought our own breakfast foods and only relied on the hotels breakfast as a supplement.Overall the hotel was exactly what we expected. A 2 star property really close to the parks. The hotel staff is helpful and friendly. There are extra fees, but even counting the fees the hotel rate was lower than most of the other properties around. We will definitely look at staying here again.
The hotel was perfect for us, we were there for 10 days...it's close to the Park so we could come back when we wanted to (great as we were travelling with a small child), the beds were large and comfy, room clean and larger than most...loved the fact that it had a fridge, microwave and a safe the Manager was very helpful...the breakfast was basic but we were gone early anyways so we'd just grab some toast or Danish and be off...didn't find the noise a problem at all we didn't have a car so parking wasn't an issue for us...we also had lots of options for restaurants nearby...all and all we were on a budget so this was great for us...we just wanted a room to come back to as we were out and about all the time, so we were very happy with our stay...bottom line if you're on a budget you're looking for a place close to the Park this is your hotel...
My family and I really enjoyed staying here :). No, it's not fancy but neither are we, lol. It's clean with a great continental breakfast and a really warm , clean pool. My family and I travel with my Autistic son's service dogs (3) and usually encounter some sort of resistance or another from other places we've stayed. This place was wonderful and so cool! No one questioned why we had our dogs. They simply understood :). I will tell every and anybody who's looking for a place to stay in this area about the Del Sol Inn. Loved it! Will be coming back for sure!!!
I would stay here again because of its great location across from the park. We had a room with a bunk bed for the kids, which they really enjoyed. It was nice to just walk across the street and be back at the hotel after a long day of Disney walking. Beds not as comfy and breakfast donuts were moldy, but besides that our stay was decent. Also, parking is not free but it is valet serviced.
Enjoyed staying here and having a continental breakfast. It is right across from Disney and that is perfect. Nice spacious rooms and a pool and hot tub if you want one. I was very pleased with this hotel!
OK, so some people didn't like this or that but lets face it, have you checked the prices of the other Hotels Pay 100 more and you will get a better breakfast, or just have a coffee and a muffin and go to a restaurant for a better meal. You are here because it is inexpensive and the location is great. It's just that simple, you get what yo pay for. Interesting that if you pay 200 more, you probably wouldn't have to many complaints. Why are you here thenI will come back because we just want a simple place to sleep.Britisheh
We stayed at the Del Sol from 10-15 August, this being our fourth stay. Whilst the hotel is comfortable, and the rooms are showing their age, it's still number one for its location to Disneyland. If you choose to drive, there is limited parking at the hotel. They offer a free breakfast (donuts, fruit, porridge and cereals, tea/coffee, waffles) While not the best, you can't beat the price. If you wish to eat out, there is a Denny's in front of the Del Sol bit we would recommend the IHOP, just down the road at the lights on Harbor Blvd. The hotel also had an excellent free wifi service as well.About 500ms East down Harbor Blvd you will find CVS pharmacy, which carries all,the essential items including milk, cereals etc, including alcohol - a bigger selection and much cheaper to those couple of stores near Del Sol.If your visiting Disneyland, this is a excellent choice for both comfort and convenience. A note to remember - we stayed in room 111 and the fridge couldn't be turned down, hence everything, including our milk was frozen.
Del Sol is an older hotel with a bit of a run down feeling. The room was clean but fans, refrigerator, a/c unit were very noisy. Hot water was in abundance and the room fit our needs very well. It is right across the street from Disneyland which is super convenient. It was quite expensive, but less than staying on Disney property. I just wish with the cost, they would upgrade the hotel. I would choose to stay there again. Parking is an extra 9. The safe is an extra 1 a day even if you don't use it. Can't beat the location.
Close to DL and great staff. Room was clean, very satisfied, will stay again. The staff was very helpful with our questions and requests. Close to restaurants. Great place for family with kids, loved the bunkbeds
My kids and I just stayed 3 nights here. I was pleasantly surprised how clean and nice it was. The room had just been updated. The manager was very accommodating due to our flight being canceled and were delayed one day getting there. The front desk and valet employees were all very nice. The distance to Disneyland was less than a 10 minute walk to the front gate. Dennys restaurant was right out front for convenience also if you present your room key you can get 10 off your bill. I would recommend anyone to stay here. Thank you for your review. We are very glad to hear that you enjoyed your recent visit with us. Thank you for your compliments to our staff. They are a great team and we are lucky to have them. We appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback with other travelers and hope to see you again soon for your next visit.
The staff was so nice and helpful. The rooms were great and very clean!
We stayed here for a week during a Disneyland visit in June. The staff was very helpful. The continental breakfast was filling, but Denny's and IHOP are just a few steps away if you choose to sleep in. The rooms are large and clean. The best part is when you are tired from a long day at Disneyland your room is a very short walk away. The walk is 5 minutes or less.
We have stayed here twice and will stay here again. Best deal on the harbor strip!!! Annual pass holder discounted rooms (big plus). Rooms are average size, clean and beds are comfy. Parking is the only reason i didnt give it 5 stars, its a little tight. However they have valet there so, hey your on vaca... let them help ya :)
The hotel is close to the Disneyland entrance. The staff were pleasant and the room was clean and spacious. We will stay again next year. We didn't use the pool but it is a good size. We didn't take advantage of the breakfast which were included as we preferred to sleep in.
It's the best place to stay for the location and price. It is right accross Disneyland and it makes for a quick return for the kids nap time before returning for more fun. I have stayed here 5 family trips to the Happiest place on earth and I will continue to come back. I have a 3 kids and they love it here. You get a quick breakfast and off to have fun. Then you come back for mid day nap and a dip in the pool. The staff is very helpful and quick to respond to any problems we may have had. The parking is the only problem with little space, but they have a great valet that makes parking a minor problem. Try it you will like it.
Like so many other reviewers, you can't beat the location. I was there during some very hot days and the fact that I could walk across the street made it so I could ignore how dated the hotel is. It is an older hotel, with older furniture. I did not mind the AC as I needed it on all night and it did provide a sound barrier, so I heard nothing while sleeping. The breakfast is minimal. Staff were great. No problems while there and I also got it at a really good price. It was definitely clean when I arrived. For me, it was a good stay. Make sure you read all about the extra charges because it is listed when you book that they do charge above the room rate for parking, safe and resort fee.
Pros: The staff was very friendly and accommodating to our special needs.Cons: Water pressure needs to be addressed. Was almost impossible to take a shower.This hotel is right across the street from the Disneyland entrance. So convenient to come and go all day long. I have found that all hotels are about the same. Definitely not a 5 star place but its just a place to lay your head and rest up to play again the next day! Breakfast was very simple. Pastries, toast, oatmeal, cereal and juice. A very limited fruit selection was available as well. Water pressure was extremely low which made it difficult to shower. The hotel includes a pool and hot tub. The staff was super friendly. I will definitely plan to stay here again!
Pros:+ This hotel literally situated in front of Disneyland. You could go back to hotel for nap if you are too tired.+ This hotel is clean.+ Denny's Restaurant is just in front of the Hotel, if you are hungry, you can get it fixed in any hour.Cons:- No tea making facility. If you need hot water, you have to use the coffee machine to boil water.- The room we stay has water drainage problem. It seems like water is taking forever to drain in the wash basin and the bathtub. If you have a young family, this may the hotel for you as it is just a stone's throw away from disneyland.
This is a standard motel with the typical budget-type amenities, i.e., fridge, microwave, hair dryer, crappy little bottles of shampoo-plus-conditioner in one, free continental breakfast, and so forth, but it really stands out because the mattress was SO GOOD. The mattress here was as good as the mattresses I've had at four star hotels that cost four times as much money. The room was very clean. I could safely walk around in my socks and the bottom of my socks didn't get brown and dirty. The service was very friendly. When we arrived, the hotel staff had folded the bathroom towels into an adorable elephant sculpture that the kids adored. The kids also loved the pool. We also made use of the on-site coin laundry. I would definitely stay here again. Minor drawbacks: parking lot was full so we had to use the hotel's complimentary valet service one night. And the free breakfast is no frills (but more than adequate) -- corn flakes, Cheerios, juice, coffee, milk, toast, mini muffins, toaster waffles, pastries, and a few small apples.
The hotel is just right across the parks, perfect for people to spend more time in the park, the room is very clean comfortable, the staffs are helpful. There is a 24-hour Denny's restaurant right beside the hotel, which can feed your hungry tummy anytime.
Location is great since it is right across from Disneyland. We stay here for that reason and because they have a room with bunk beds that is food for our family. This is the third time I stay in this hotel (we go to Disneyland every two years) It can be noisy on the first floor, second floor is better. Just take ear plugs!! The snack in the lounge are nice.
You can not say enough about the location of this place. If you stayed at any of Disney's resort hotels, you would be further away from the entrance than you are from this one. It is located just behind Denny's which saves you from the noise of Harbor. The hotel is an older one but we did not find it run down. The rooms were recently redone and the plumbing, heat (didn't use the AC), refrigerator and TV worked great. The place looked like it was recently painted and the carpeting looked new. The walls are a bit thin but with only 65 rooms it didn't matter. The plus side of being an older place is that the rooms were large in comparison to some of the newer places. The breakfast is nothing to write home about but it is better than others I have had in the area. I would recommend either Denny's or IHOP. We didn't use the pool or hot tub but others were and seeming to have a good time. When booking at their website, be sure to check for the specials which do not automatically come up on their reservation system. We found that we could get a 20 discount if you stayed three nights but had to call to the hotel and ask specifically for it to get it. It was worth the phone call as it brought our hotel bill down to 62 per night. We will stay again.
My husband and I stayed at Del Sol Inn for two nights when visiting Disneyland. The location couldn't have been better - Disneyland was literary right across the street. Our room was large and well kept. There was a towel that had been shaped into an elephant, very cute! The free wifi worked well. Be advised that the password for the wifi is changed every Monday morning. We were not told of this when we checked in Saturday evening (and were staying two nights).Breakfast was ok I guess, I've definitely had better, but it was included in the price. There were many sweet options to choose from, but extremely few healthy ones. The seating area was very cramped.The rate was affordable when comparing to other motels / hotels with the same great location. I would definitely consider stay here again on my next visit to Disneyland.
I wish we could have given more stars but the lack of communication and the promises made to me by the staff is where the stars come off. We booked our reservations weeks out and requested the bottom floor because we have two under two. This hotel has NO ELEVATOR, which we knew about hence the request. We have a double stroller and after a long day at the parks we did not want to carry both babies upstairs and come back for the double stroller. When we called the morning of we spoke to Nenetzen (sp), requested a crib and wanted to make sure they would be able to honor our first level request and also let them know we would be checking in late, we were told the crib would be in our room (it was) and we would get the first level. I also called 30 minutes before arrival to also confirm that the crib was in the room and that we were on the first floor, I was also given a confirmation on both. We checked in around 1120pm and they are unable to accommodate our first floor request. I could understand if I hadn't already spoken to TWO people the day of checkin but I SPOKE TO SOMEONE 30 minutes ago. Apparently shift change happens at 11pm and we got to load both babies upstairs. I was told to call back in the morning to see if we could switch rooms, I did, and the morning person wasn't in yet to speak with and was told they would call me back.... no one ever followed up. This was very disappointing and made us not want to return back to the room for our midday nap as it was a huge inconvenience. Pros- rooms were clean, hot water and seemed to be remodeled recently. Location. Nice size rooms, it was deeper than your usual standard rooms that have the traditional narrow walkway in between the Tv and the beds, it was nice to not have to move the cribs to walk around.Cons- continental breakfast we skipped after looking at the selections, mostly donuts. Beds were very uncomfortable and the queen beds seemed more like doubles. The cribs were on the smaller side, I had called twice to ask about their size and couldn't get a clear answer so anyone else wondering they are the metal smaller cribs, close to a mini crib and smaller than a pack n play. My 22 month old could not fit in it but my 12 month old fit fine, I would say max 18 month age. There are no curtains, just shutters, so the lights that light the property will shine all night long, hard to sleep if you're used to sleeping in a dark room.We are annual passholders and will chose a different location next time.
We stayed here for 4 nights in October and we booked a double queen room for three of us all adults. The room was huge and clean. I had requested an upstairs room because of reading earlier comments about noise from above in the lower rooms and we were given an upstairs room at the back of the Hotel.It was quiet and we had no issues with noise from the pool area which was just below us. There is no lift in the Hotel but I was prepared for this and knew I would need to carry may cases up the stairs.The provided breakfast was basic but very adequate, waffles, cereal, toast, eggs, juices, tea and coffee.The hotel is a little older than the ones around it and that is obvious when you arrive but we had no issues with cleanliness and I was not looking for 5 star just a good restful place to sleep.The location for the price was perfect, I would stay here again, no questions asked just for the location and price. The office staff were helpful and friendly, the manager even gave me some milk for a cuppa one night.We were here to see Disneyland not be in motel room so the only time we were were in our room was to sleep and this was a perfect place at a great price to do that.
Had a great time here, close to everything you could ask for in Disneyland, room was comfortable with two adults and two kids, pool and hot tub was great after big long days out, easy to access buses for LEGOLAND and SeaWorld, bathroom was small but who cares, you only use toilet and shower in there anyway! Breakfast was enough to fill the kids up till lunch, have booked again here for March 18Dear katian64,Thank you for your great review. We are so glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us. We strive to offer the best for all of our guests. We appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback with other travelers and look forward to your next visit!
We stay here every time we go to Disneyland which is 2-3 times a year. It is right behind Denny's and the walk to Disneyland is about 5 minutes. The staff is always helpful and nice. The rooms are always clean and the maid service is really friendly and I love how they set up my kids toys when cleaning. Every time we come back to the room my kids love seeing that each touch.
I can't begin to express how much I enjoyed staying at the Del Sol inn Anaheim Resort. I spent planning a trip for myself and 6 other friends for my 2014 high school graduation. My mom and I read reviews on different hotels in the area and chose the Del Sol because of its proximity to the park, its super low price, and the reviews. We typically go to the park right when it opens and close it down at 1am, so we just we looking for a place to sleep. We booked the hotel for 5 days in late June. Under reservations, we noticed as place for special requests (aka graduations, anniversaries, birthdays). So we let them know that I was graduating. I'm not kidding you, the woman at the front desk called us the week that we booked our trip asking about my graduation. When we arrived at our hotel, our rooms weren't quote ready yet so they offered to hold our bags. When we came back for our bags, the manager came out of the office with a gift bag with a bunch of disney merchandise, balloons, and cupcakes for my friends and I. Such a great surprise. We got to our rooms and were happy to see they were conjoined. The beds were firm but comfortable. They had little towel elephants on the beds, so cute. Very clean! Rooms were surprisingly spacious for a motel. We were up on the second floor. The hotel has 2 floors in a U shape with the pool and parking lot in the middle. My group and I went to the pool several times, always very clean and stocked with towels. Jacuzzi was a favorite among my friends. Breakfast in the morning was just enough to get you going, juice, fruit, doughnuts, toast, that kind of thing. I timed my walk to Disneyland from this hotel (including wait for the crosswalk) and it was only 7 minutes! Overall, my experience here at the Del Sol inn was far better than I could have imagined! I have been to disneyland around 6 times and haven't stayed at a hotel that has been so accommodating and close to the park (including the Disneyland Resort Hotel). Thank you Del Sol inn! I look forward to staying here in the future!!!
We stayed in Dec. 2012 for 3 days. The price was higher when we checked in than what we reserved for. We were in the back and it poorly lit. Walls were extremely thin and we had to listen to a door slamming contest the first night. The breakfast was not deluxe by any means. Cheap small rolls, some fresh fruit (a couple of pieces at a time), so so coffee and orange juice. When they brought out container of rolls it was already picked through by staff. Tried to dipute the bill but only the manager could deal with it and the manager was never in every time I stopped at the office. Location was great but there are other hotels and we will stay elsewhere next time.
Rooms were clean, new carpet Pool hot tub were great. Staff very accomodating by letting us check in early morning then we were off to Disneyland. Great because Disneyland is so close when your tired that counts! No waiting for shuttles!
The location is in the perfect place! What I like the most besides the friendly staff, clean rooms/facility is the hotel is tucked away from the busy street. Your car is parked practically right outside your room or within eye's view from your room, which gives any car owner piece of mind while you're at Disney all day. The pool and hot tub are maintained with fresh clean towels set aside in the pool area. Not only are you incredibly close to the main gate to Disney park, you are very close to a lot of great places to dine-in, all within in a very short walking distance. With very reasonable room prices you get a fridge, microwave, coffee maker free breakfast! We were very pleased to have one room for our family of five. The room was very spacious which included 2 queen beds a bunk bed set for our two younger kids. Del Sol is the better way to enjoy the comforts of home while being on vacation!!!
I read a bunch of other reviews before I came here, so I knew the parking would be bad. Therefore, we never moved our car and it wasn't really an issue. Plus, why would anyone need to drive This hotel is literally across the street from the Disneyland gates and between the parking lot (which has a Denny's) and a three block walk (to a mall) there are at least 100 shops and restaurants. No car required! We're not Denny's people, so we had some excellent meals at the restaurants in GardenWalk. The location is amazing for the price we paid, but don't expect anything more than that. We got a major attitude from the front desk when we checked in. In response to have a nice day the front desk agent responded with I'll try. Not exactly the response you expect from people in hospitality. The next morning we tried to get into the safe (which they charge you for regardless of whether or not you intend to use it) and, upon trying to open it, it got stuck. We spent our morning calling the front desk several times to send someone up to help us with it, who just assumed we had forgotten the key, though we explained many times the key was in there, it just wasn't working. Turns out, the door hinges were weak and the door wasn't sitting right. The maintance people said (who were very nice) said they would come back and open it again anytime we needed it, but, seeing how long it took the first time, we decided to just risk leaving our stuff out instead. Finally, breakfast. This is what brings my review down to a 3. I wasn't expecting much, but I would like more than corn flakes and stale danish if you are advertising breakfast. Also, the part that really really really bothered me: Everything is styrofoam! Every drink cup, every bowl, every plate they use is just killing the environment. Futhermore, their tiny maze of tables gets packed, but there are signs saying not to take things out of the room. Do they expect guests to sit on each others laps!!! Oh, and by 8:30, there is nothing left to eat (except corn flakes, which I had every day). This is is more frustrating by the fact that both days there was service person just sitting in there. Not sure what her job was...So, bottom line, if you're just looking for a place that is close to the park and this is the cheapest, go for it, just keep your expectations very low, plan on walking, and bring your own cups bowls. :)
As a family of seven with special needs children, we have a hard time finding hotels who will accommodate us. We were pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness of the room and the hospitality of the staff. The location was perfect for our family because we had to take many breaks during the day. We would definitely stay here again!
Location is great...right across the street from the Maingate. Great if you have small children!Rooms are large, everything in our room was clean and well maintained. Just note that the beds we had were very firm. And the walls are very thin! You can hear your neighbors in the next room. I wear earplugs at any hotel/motel I stay at so this didn't bother me as much. Gentleman at the front desk was very nice.Biggest complaint is for the parents who let their kids run up and down the hallways upstairs! This gets very loud! It would be great it if front desk would put up signs and ask that parents not have their children running around up there!
Positives- hotel is in a fabulous location as it's about 200m away from the main Disneyland walkway.- rooms are large and clean- bag storage upon check out- close to food outlets such as Denny's and Ihop.Negatives- at check in I was asked to provide a credit card which is standard, but what's not standard is for a hold of the full accommodation cost to be placed against my card, especially when I stated that I wished to pay by cash (and had it on me). I was not impressed by this as I am likely to be charged fees for going over my credit limit for this.- I had a room in the ground (level 1) and there is zero sound proofing between the floors - every morning I was woken at 6-6.30am by what sounded like a herd of elephants above me and when they turned on their water it was like a machine was turned on in my room (and 10x louder than me turning on my own shower).- drinks machine only takes coins- breakfast left little to be desired. Only had jelly to spread on toast. One morning there was no cups for juice, juice machine wasn't working and there was very little food.- parked cars allowed very little room to walk out of room and out of complexOverall whilst this location is great, I would pay a little more money and stay somewhere else close by.
It's a nice and great place to stay right across from the parks the breakfast was Ok ..It's really convenient area restaurant aren't to far the hotel prices aren't to bad and they also charge a 8 fee a day for parking
I booked a room at Del Sol Inn a day before the 30th of December. It was peak season and I was surprised that they got me a room. Apparently, I was booked on a different date so had I not double checked in the hotel the day before we checked in, we could have ended up sleeping in the street. Del Sol Inn was efficient and kind in correcting the error and gave us a deluxe room with two queen beds. It was a pleasant surprise because the room is large and the the location is perfect if you want to go back and forth to Disney. Restaurants are also abundant within the vicinity (iHop, Denny's, Pizza Express etc). The staff are very helpful too. The in-room microwave oven, refrigerator and safe came in handy. The only downside is that wifi connection was extremely poor in our room.
After reading the mixed reviews I wanted to give this one a try. I stayed 2 nights before moving to Park Vue. The room was a king, very small, and fixed up, but it looked fixed up. Some parts you could tell was old. It was clean and ok for the location. I paid 74.98 each night. If I had a car I would have stayed at Motel 6 instead for about 50.00 a night and it is nicer and larger than Del Sol. When I arrived I wasn't to impress with front desk. He had run my credit card already before I arrived for one night. Most run it when you arrive. I did want to use a different card, and he started to run it - then told me he had run the other. I got the slip and made sure I tore it up, so I wouldn't get double charge. The room is definitely blah, but I didn't expect lots for what I was paying. I wanted to compare it and the Park Vue. I would only go back to Del Sol for the location and only if I could for some reason not afford the Park Vue. I have seen Del Sol priced as high as 100 night on the web. That is way too much. Even the jazucci at Park Vue with great planning far in advance was only 108.00 a night and the King or double queen can be as low as 81.00.I personally think this room at Del Sol would have been good for 1 person. I couldn't imagine being closed in with kids. I won't be returning, but if you get a 50.00 price and want clean and don't mind being no breathing space go for it - the location is good, but Park Vue is also closer.If possible no matter where you stay book as early as you can. The closer it gets the higher the room goes. I already booked for next year Park Vue jacuzzi suite for 98.00 in August.Happy Planning......
With the reviews that I had seen I wasn't expecting a pleasant experience, but since I had my disabled mother with me this was the closest we could get to Disneyland without spending hundreds of dollars a night. When we got to the hotel everyone was nice and the room was spacious. In the morning, being that most are up early and running over to Disneyland, it did get a little loud but that is because there were excited children. Who could blame them. We were going to Disneyland as well. The beds were comfortable but when you sat on them it sounded like you were passing gas. We thought it was funny however it could annoy others. For the price we paid this is a great hotel if you are going to Disneyland, are trying to be close to the front gates, and don't mind noise at 7am. I think my only suggestion for the hotel is to find a better location for their breakfast and to offer higher quality items. The mornings that we did try to get breakfast it was way to crowded and just wasn't worth the food that was being offered.
Stayed for a week in October 2 couples in 2 rooms the place was clean tidy and the staff always ready to help. The location is just the best just walk over the road to the Disney parks . Will stay again next visit.
We stayed at the Del Sol for our Christmas Disney vacation and am not sorry we chose this hotel. this was our third time staying at this hotel and this was our best stay yet. They have redone the rooms and they were very spacious, clean and nice tv's. The rooms have fridges, microwaves and coffee makers. The location can't be beat. There are several places to eat close by and you can't get much closer to the entrance of the park. Very short walk to get to Disneyland in the mornings. The thing I was impressed with the most was our maid service. Those ladies worked so hard every day and our room looked great and was always ready when we came back for an afternoon break from the park. This year when we stayed here the hotel also offered delicious cookies upon check in and my son thought they were awesome, so I asked for cookies for him a couple of times during our seven night stay and they had no problem giving him more. Great job Del Sol I will recommend you to others and will continue to stay there anytime we come to Disneyland on vacation.
We recently stayed here for 7nites.It is 1 of the closest hotels to the disney entrance.It is a basic and clean hotel and we found it great for us.We used the laundry which was very handy.free breakfast was basic but fine.We dont have anything negative to say about this hotel,if i had too,id only say perhaps other guest need to be considerate with loud talking early in the morning and very late at nite!!!!
Before I write this five star review, let me explain why my opinion matters. Me and my family have been coming to Disneyland about 4 times a year every year for about the last 10 years. We have stayed at multiple hotels near Disneyland and have a lot to compare with the Del Sol Inn. To name a few we have stayed at the Clarion, Desert Inn and Suites, both Super 8's, Eden Roc, Riviera, Best Western Stovall Inn, and many more. Del Sol Inn exceeds every hotel that I have stayed at in comfort, cleanliness, location, practicality, and value. As I am writing this I am enjoying my 4th visit in a row staying at this wonderful hotel.To start with the rooms are immaculately clean. They have a sleek contemporary look with a modern decor. They have shutters instead of curtains and crown molding through out the room. The vanity is made out of marble with a mirror that has a light built into it. The well stocked bathroom has subway style tiles on the floor and wall. The shower/tub is handicap friendly with a bar to help you get in and out of the shower. It has a curved shower rod which creates a little extra room. The shower water pressure is great. The shower head has lots of head clearance. My 6'6 son n law is currently staying with me at the Del Sol Inn and he says he has plenty of head clearance. I have always had comfortable beds and pillows everytime I have stayed here. The rooms come with a fridge, coffee maker, blow dryer, flat screen TV with cable, wifi, and plenty of storage. We like to stay in the room that has 2 queens and a bunk bed set. This room also comes with a desk. There are multiple easily accessible electric outlets throughout the room. There is also multiple sources of light including both bunk beds have their own lights (my kids really like that feature). I rented a scooter and there is plenty of space in the room to store it without getting in the way.Del Sol Inn has a very well maintained heated pool and hot tub. It is surrounded by lounge chairs. It is a really nice spot to watch the Disneyland fireworks show from. They offer a free continental breakfast that comes with waffles, cereal, oatmeal, hard boiled eggs, donuts, fruit, juice, coffee, and milk. They have a friendly English speaking staff. They are always willing to store my bags for free until check in and sometimes have been able to get me my room early.Del Sol Inn is also a very practical hotel choice. To start with it is directly across the street, about a 3 min walk to the gate. This hotel is closer to Disneyland than both the Disneyland hotel and Disney's Paradise Peir hotel. This has been perfect with my 2 year old granddaughter because it is so easy to come back to the hotel for a mid day break. It is also right next to a little market that sells a few groceries, snacks, medicine, and other items you might need. Two hotels down there is select mobility where you can rent scooters for 35/ a day. Del Sol Inn also shares a parking lot with Dennys. There is a Ihop, McDonald's, cold stone ice cream, Captain kidds buffet all within a minutes walk.Out of all the hotels we have stayed at this has been the best one. The only way you could find a hotel that is on par with the Del Sol Inn in terms of location, cleanliness, and amenities is by staying at a Disney hotel, but the price will start at about 3x the price of a room at Del Sol Inn.If I was to give Del Sol a suggestion(but this is not criticism) would be to add some yogurt and peanut butter to the breakfast for additional healthy options and sources of protein.But I can tell you the Del Sol Inn has become my family's permanent home on our visits to Disneyland. I suggest you make it your home to if you want a great value hotel that is very clean, has all the amenities you will need, and is directly across from the park.Hello Jteninty,Thank you so much for your wonderful review. We are so glad to hear that you have such great stays at our hotel. We appreciate all of your feedback and have let the manager know about your breakfast suggestions, and thank you for helping us to improve. We strive to offer the best service to all of our guests. Thank you for taking the time to share your experience with other travelers!It is our pleasure to be your home away from home during your visits to Disneyland and look forward to many more years of having you has our guest. See you on your next visit!Sincerely,Del Sol Inn Staff
A very clean and comfortable room with every thing we needed to make our stay a great experience. Disneyland is a short walk across the street so the room was convenient for taking rest breaks and eating meals through out the day as needed. As always the staff was very accommodating and ready to help with any special needs. We recommend this hotel to all our friends family.
The staff are very friendly and helpful. Great little heated pool and hot tub. The price is right and I love that the main entrance to both amusement parks is directly across the street! we will definitely be staying there again!Dear Sgoss1,Thank you for your great review! We are so glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us. Thank you for taking the time to share your experiences here with other travelers. We look forward to seeing you again on your next visit!
I think that this hotel is a solid four stars when you take into account the price of the hotels located directly across the main Disneyland entrance, their rates are consistently very competitive. The rooms are older and could definitely use some freshening, but nothing during our stay was dirty or not in working order. Sure, there were a few chipped tiles in the bathroom, the lamps looked like throwbacks from the 70's, and the bedding was outdated. That being said, the room was clean, we felt safe in the hotel, and it was a very quick walk to Disneyland. When we are traveling to Disneyland Resort on a tight budget, Del Sol is a consistent go-to my husband and I have stayed here 3 times over the course of the last 4 years, and while we're never blown away by anything, we get exactly what we expect: an inexpensive place to sleep that's steps from Disneyland. If you're planning on spending much time in the rooms or at the pool, you may want something a bit nicer, but if you just need a place to lay your head at the end of the night and clean up in the morning, Del Sol certainly does the trick.
In researching for our latest Disneyland trip the recurring negative about the Del Sol was parking. I agree it is tight and not enough spaces for rooms but we had no problem finding a space. They do offer valet at no extra charge. The Room: Like advertised the kids suite/room had 12 queen beds and a bunk bed which was perfect for us. The room looked nice but felt dingy. Overall it was spacious enough for the 5 of us which was great. The bathroom is small and the floor was sagging a bit by the tub. I told them and hopefully it will get repaired. The beds really weren't comfortable and the sheets were stiff. They could use new mattresses and sheets and that'll take care of that issue. Sound travels a ton there. They had a quiet time rule in effect at 10pm which is nice but when a small child in the next room is acting up you can hear everything as if it was right there. The property is hidden behind Dennys and is a seriously short walk to Disneyland. You can't beat the location at all. It's a small hotel with a small pool which we didn't use. They offer breakfast that we didn't partake in but it looked like a lot of people did. The service was good. Everyone was helpful and friendly. Just a couple of small fixes and we would be back.
We have stayed at our fair share of hotels near Disneyland. Most recently we spent two nights at the Del Sol Inn. I must say from start to finish I was pleased. (And I tend to be picky). The man Jesus that checked us in was very friendly. My request to have an upstairs room was met. Our room was somewhat large. It was a big square and had two queen beds, a fold out leather sofa, and a dining table with two chairs. The square shape of the room made it feel larger. The air quality was improved when we turned on the AC. The room did smell a little humid prior to that. The beds were COMFORTABLE. The TV had a good selection of channels. The room had a microwave and fridge. They had a free breakfast with pastries, waffles, boiled eggs, and cereal. No water though only juice and coffee. Denny's is located in the same parking lot so if you want a more full service breakfast it is right there. We did not use the pool but it looked well maintained. There was a parking attendant 24/7 and they were helpful. We stored our stroller in the car to avoid taking it upstairs. I will be back. Thank you for a great last minute stay. Thank you for writing us a great review, I'm glad to know you enjoyed your stay with us. Our close proximity to the parks at a reasonable price makes us an ideal hotel to stay at. We hope to see you again next time you are in the area. Sincerely, Parveen
We stayed at Del Sol Inn for two nights in early May. We chose this place as it was close to Disneyland Park (just across the road) and well priced. It was excellent value for money. The room was tucked away in the corner on the upper level so was relatively quiet although did not get a lot of natural light. Complimentary breakfast of toast, cornflakes, muffins and donuts, tea coffee and orange juice was available for those who required it.This was included in the price.We found this an ideal short stop over place that was reasonably priced.The only comment we would make is the bunks in the room were quite short so for a teenager who is 6ft or more they will find it quite small
We were very pleased with our stay and look forward to returning for the following reasons:1. Location, location, location!2. You were the only hotel across the street from Disneyland that would accommodate our entire family of 7 in the same room.3. Your prices were very reasonable.4. Breakfast provided by the hotel was a must for us in our selection. 5. We really liked the improvements that we noticed during our stay. The dcor and seating in the dining area made a dramatic difference. 6. Staff were all very friendly7. Room was well kept each day8. Pool and Spa area were very clean and comfortableWe have already recommended you to everyone that we have talked to about our vacation. We are not one of those families that has a lot of money to spend on vacations, so we dont do it as often as most. But if your prices remain lower than the average and your service remains above average we will definitely be booking with Del Sol the next time we have saved up enough to return again.Thank you for the Magical Memories!
I have been to Disneyland 14 times and have stayed someplace different every time. The Del Sol Inn was a very good price and excellent location. The breakfast was standard continental breakfast, something quick and easy to eat. I just wish they had water available at breakfast. The room was quiet and clean and the bed was very comfortable. I have nothing really to complain about. I would stay here again for the right price.
So my fiance and I have stayed at a lot of hotels and motels around the Disneyland property, and this one is probably the one we will be staying at the next time we visit Disneyland. Here's some items to put into consideration. 1. Location. Del Sol Inn is located right off Harbor Dr, behind Denny's, and a very short walk to the park. We've stayed at other hotels where walking to the park and back is anywhere from 15-25 minutes, on top of being in the parks all day. This place has a great location!2. Price. The closer you are located to the park, the more expensive it gets. I feel like the Del Sol Inn is the exception to this rule. They are very close to the park but very accommodating for the the price. If you are a AAA member, Active Military Member, or a Disneyland Passholder, they also offer discounts. 3. Parking/Valet. So what parking is small. There's a reason why valet is there. When I arrived there wasn't any parking spaces available but valet was able to accommodate and park my car while I enjoyed my vacation. We didn't use the car until the end of the vacation, but I didn't have to worry about it either. Additionally, my car wouldn't start when we were leaving, but valet was kind enough to take the time to jump-start my car. Very grateful and appreciative. 4. Rooms. Rooms were very clean and spacious. We stayed in the Deluxe King room and my fiance and I will probably request this room again. We do not have kids, so it was nice to stay in a spacious King room with a King bed. Bed was comfortable, I would suggest bringing your own pillows. Heater/AC/Fan worked great. Refrigerator worked great. A safe is available too.5. Breakfast/Pool/Internet. We did not check out breakfast because there are other locations offered for eating breakfast. However if you are into it this location offers a free continental breakfast. Pool and hot tub were very nice and very inviting. I did not use the internet/wi-fi but it is available. 6. Staff. Once again valet was great, and the hotel staff were also awesome. They offered locations and places to check out and to eat (Including one Chinese Restaurant that was fantastic-Great China), as well as offering a location to service my car that needed a new battery. Staff were friendly and super nice. 7. Water pressure. Surprisingly the water pressure here was not too bad. I've had worse at other locations (Carousel Inn, Castle Inn/Suites, Holiday Inn, and even Disneyland Hotel). I would rate it medium. 8. Other things to consider: Yes this is not a super deluxe hotel. It is closer to a motel than anything. You will hear noises and people pass by your room in the morning. Most hotels in Anaheim are going to be like this (Including the luxurious Disneyland Hotel Resort). This is an older motel, but most hotels and motels are going to have the same features. If you are looking for something super nice and expensive, you may want check out the Disneyland Hotels or go down the road. This place is great for sleeping, showering, and relaxing. Want to have a reasonably-priced motel with a great location, this place is for you.
We stayed here for a few nights on our trip to Disneyland. We have four kids and it fit everyone comfortably without having to get creative. I liked the bunk bed option, which was a nice change of pace from the sometimes-dubious sofa bed. The room was very large and clean. The bathroom was nicely configured with toilet and shower in a separate room from the sink and fridge/microwave area. We did have an issue with a clogged sink late one night, but management was able to send someone out the next morning. And like everyone says, you can't beat the location! When you have young kids it's so nice to be able to hop back from the parks for afternoon naps and weird potty training issues. Breakfast is basic, but the kids sure loved the mini-donuts. I'd stay here again when we come back to the parks.Dear meisum,Thank you for your great review. We are so glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us. We strive to offer the best for all of our guests. We appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback with other travelers and look forward to your next visit!
I absolutely love this hotel for all the reasons why you should love a hotel. I love the location because it is literally right across the street from Disneyland. Beds are great, it's always clean, the showers work wonderfully, there's a microwave, fridge, a coffee maker, free breakfast, and they're reasonably priced!!!! I LOVE THIS HOTEL!!!!!
My family are Disney annual passholders so we wanted to drive up for an overnight and get an extra evening in. We decided to stay here because some of the other hotels we normally stay at were booked. I read the reviews re: the parking, so I was prepared. Also ready the reviews re: the bad coffee...nothing still prepared me for the horrible stuff they serve. No hot water for tea either.The room just had a general feel of being old and tired. My eight year old grandson panicked when he went to take a shower. He felt as if he was using towels someone else had used.What was the true kicker was when we left. My daughter-in-law left her makeup bag in the room.When we had left a different Anaheim hotel a few months before, they called immediately because I had left my sunglasses there.No one called her.She arrived home and since we arrived late, didn't notice until she was getting ready for work the next day.She called the hotel. At first they said it wasn't there, then changed their minds and said it was.When the bag arrived a few days later - 1/2 of her makeup was missing! (Naturally, the more expensive makeup.)She called the hotel and asked to speak to the manager. He wasn't available. She asked when. They said he would arrive in the late afternoon and he would call her.No call.She called back. Was told she had just missed the manager and the manager wouldn't be until Monday.She called Monday am. The manager wasn't in. She should call back.She wasn't able to talk to manager until Tuesday -- about 4 days AFTER her first call.The manager denied anything was missing. no comments such as: I'm so sorry...I'll look into it. Just a plain denial.We will never, ever stay here again.
We stayed at the Del Sol Inn again over Halloween weekend and had a great experience. It is a three min walk to Disneyland and located right behind Dennys. The beds are comfortable which isn't easy to find on Harbor Blvd. The rooms are updated and clean. This hotel is perfect for those enjoying Disneyland. We didn't use the pool but did eat the free breakfast. It was your standard continental breakfast. My only suggestion is to add water to the breakfast room. Not everyone wants juice. Thanks for a great trip. Dear aw0211,Thank you for reviewing our hotel, and THANK YOU for being a loyal guest we appreciate you choose us for so many years. We do offer return guest discount which is available to all our returning guest, please mention it to our reservation specialist for appropriate discount towards your next reservation, you can also call me directly at 714-234-3411. We hope to see you again in near future. -Parveen
The only concern that I had was the cleaning service left our hotel room door open while we were away. When we came back, luckily nothing was missing. I would suggest using the safe the hotel provides at NO additional charge.All in all, I found that for the price the location was great. It is directly across the street from the tram entrance and main gate entrance to the two parks. The best thing I found was the Denny's restaurant located at the entrance to the hotel parking lot.
We have stayed at this hotel several times over the years and it is so nice to be so close to the entrance of Disneyland at such a reasonable price (reasonable at least for a hotel right at the Disneyland entrance). On our last visit Jan 31st we were pleasantly surprised to find a new GM in place and the place looking especially spiffy. Our room was spacious, the refrigerator is large (for a hotel room) and all was very comfortable. We were able to arrange to stay parked there the entire day even though we had officially checked out as we headed into the park. Overall a great value for the price and a convenient location.
We were staying here for our Disney vacation, this hotel is a very short walk from the Disney entrance. There are plenty of breakfast and dinner options around the area/hotel. The room is neat and comfortable with no frills. We were 6 of us and the suite was spacious for us!Did not try the pool, it was not very welcoming.For the price the location is everything!
There was 3 good points for this place the shuttle stop was in front of the hotel. it is so close to Disneyland we were able to watch the fireworks from the room, and the night clerk was very helpful. Unfortunately, nothing else was positive. The beds were horrid and after a log day at Disneyland a good (not a great) bed is a must. Bad bathrooms, no exhaust fan ,toilet made scary noise after flushed. Maid staff poor, 1 of the 2 days of our stay, our room was not serviced. the outside of the hotel was dirty, and had exposed wiring( safety issues). The continental breakfast is a joke. a bag of bread, a toaster, doughnuts from the box store, and a jug of old orange juice is not going to get anyone through the morning. Less than basic cable.....no ESPN. would we stay there again..................NO
Stayed here as my daughter had a competition in Anaheim. Located around convenient stores, Disney and other good hotels and motels. Room was big, a/c and heater was old and noisy. Couldnt hear it at the end of a busy and tiring day. Continental breakfast were plainly doughnuts and fruits. Couldnt complain for a budget conscious traveller who needed to stay for 8 nights. Toilet bowl is small.
Friendly staff, the house keepers were friendly as well. The room was nice and tidy, bed comfortable and there was a mini fridge and microwave to use. Its a decent hike to Disneyland, but close to super markets, wall mart etc... Overall not a bad...More
Manager was very nice. Bed was comfy, bathroom was big, and had a nice array of toiletries, a microwave and fridge. Very decent price and very quiet. Near all the attractions. Will definatly be staying here again when I visit CA.
My husband and I booked on line to stay at Pacific Inn for 1 week out of our 2 week vacation. The rooms are clean and offer a microwave and small refrigerator. Which is perfect for breakfast or lunch in your room or leftovers later on. The rooms are a bit dated but very comfortable! The owners here Rick and his wife are fantastic! If you need some extra hangers or towels they are so happy and accommodating ! The owners here make you feel at home. so at home we cancelled the other hotel we were going to stay at for the second week and the other hotel offered a pool! But with the hospitality here and the owners making you feel special we skipped the pool! We will be back! The room rates cant be beat! Thank you Mr. Mrs. Jeff Brennan
The hotel owner lives there and is always available to help. I am imn a wheelchair and he helped me load my chair in the car whenever I needed it. The cleaning lady was always here and would bring towels when needed
