Run away fast don't bother stopping here..lobby looks nice and that's it.. rooms are dirty toilets are not cleaned. My room had graffiti on the walls.. we even watch 2 drug deals happen within 10 minutes of checking in. We tried to get our money back but the front desk can't issue a refund unless the owner is available to... More
Once you leave Arkansas heading west you have to drive along way to find a reputable hotel, Days Inn Heneryetta was perfect. Older hotel but the rooms were clean and comfortable. Indoor pool was refreshing and there are hair dryers in all the rooms
While traveling back to Illinois from Arizona, we stayed at this Hampton. It is a beautiful newer facility with comfortable beds. It was quiet and clean and the breakfast had a very good variety of foods. An EXCELLENT experience!
My sister and I stayed there for her reunion last week. Rooms were clean, flat screen t.v., microwave, icebox, large vanity shelf and free wifi. Very satisfied and can't beat the weekly rate. Will definitely stay there again.
Needed a room in the area at the last minute. Best price was at Four Points so we took a chance. For the money, our stay was mostly adequate but not spectacular. We've stayed at other Four Points before and been impressed, but this location is steeped in mediocrity. BEST PART OF OUR STAY: Jeanine the bartender in the lobby... More
very good employees. would like fresh scrambled eggs. Ran out of yogurt, ran out of 2 milk. Good gravy and biscuits. Overall breakfast was good. grandson like the pool. We liked the room size. Had a good TV guide. Only disappointment was no Fox Business News TV station. Fox News but no FBN. Good local news and weather.
My husband spends most of his life in hotels working in the oilfield working in out of town jobs. We had a blast staying here. The kids were able to swim and enjoy themselves while were able to relax and visit each other while on the road. The room was clean, it did not smell horrible. I should have taken... More
We were very pleased with our accommodations at this hotel. But were disappointed that there was no Gideon bible anywhere. Also, tried to use cash at check in but it was a hassle. They finally allowed us to use cash but they didn't really want to. Otherwise, we enjoyed our stay there very much. Very clean and comfortable.
Nice facility. When making my reservation, the front desk misspelled my first name. Uoon check in I have my corrected spelling however it was never corrected. Room verty nice and bed comfortable. Would not recommend the restaurant located in the hotel. What I ordered was unpleasant.
The room was clean. The staff was very nice and accommodating. The front of the hotel had Christmas lights out which was nice and the lobby was decorated with a tree and toy train. They allow dogs for a 15 fee and have lots of grass for the dogs to go potty. There are cameras in the front so if... More
We are full-time RVer's (we live in our rig). We had to bring our coach in for warranty work to Elk City and stayed for a full week at this Comfort Inn/Suites location. We stayed in Room 208 which was a King Suite Room. The room was very spacious and clean the bathroom very small and crowded (had some minor... More
Very nice and clean room, great hot breakfast, reasonable price, across the highway from a large casino with a shuttle bus.. Staff are helpful and friendly.TV had LOTS of channels to chose from. Easy access, right off of I-44. There are plenty of restaurants to choose from, I saw a large playground behind the hotel, being enjoyed by several kids.
This Comfort Suites hotel exceeded my every expectation. The staff was friendly and curteous plus the rooms were well maintained and clean. This location is extremely accomodating to the guests, with hot coffee and warm cookies available through the day, and they make every effort to serve the Lawton/Fort Sill community.
We stayed in Cabin 8....we totally enjoyed it. The cabin is old but it fits with the surroundings. I'm 54 and it reminds me of cabins I stayed in as a child. So if you want cute and cozy this is the place to stay. Owners/Hostess of cabins were very friendly and helpful.
I understand these cabins are 75 years old so I didn't expect to walk into a 5 star facility but I did expect it to be clean, even somewhat clean would have been nice. The shower had not been cleaned AT ALL, the commode was not flushed, one bed had hair in it, the other bed had dirt in it,... More
Thought I was in a luxury hotel, and I was. The architecture was modern, extremely well done. The room was as large as a suite. Everything is new. Absolutely a great experience.. Great location. Staying here could be a vacation by itself.
It was my 1st time staying at this Hotel. Really nice rooms, very interesting decor, very clean room. Oh yes free parking ! This was a very pleasant surprise for a Downtown Hotel. Breakfast was very nice with a good selection of items and the staff was keeping everything nice and neat.
Most personnel of the hotel barely speak English and few understand it. Questionable as to the legality of some of the cleaning personnel. Questions could not be answered because they couldn't understand Management was more concerned with than the guests privacy. Was supposed to receive a discount, which I got partial a few days later, but the management was... More
Very convenient to Oklahoma City Airport and University of Oklahoma. Very friendly and helpful staff. Will definitely stay their again.Will definitely stay there again. It is a great bang for your buck.
hotel facilities are nice and we recently updated in main lobby rooms are a little above average but could use a little more modern updating who is indoors and is very clean and nice breakfast is free and is very good variety staff is very friendly and knowledgeable this hotel actually got voted best in Moore Oklahoma
We booked a room at this hotel but didn't stay the night. We arrived and checked in and went to our room to find an extremely dirty bathtub and the vent hanging from the ceiling. We complained to the front desk girl who told us that that was common on the first floor because construction workers use those rooms and... More
We had a reservation for late arrival. We arrived at midnight. Got in a barely acceptable room at 1:30 am. This was the 4th room. First room we woke a person already occupying the room. Second room they said was non-smoking but clearly not true. Third room the heater did not work. FINALLY the 4th room was ok. We let... More
The manager was arguing with another guest in front of everybody when we arrived. Our room was not ready at check in time. The elevator stopped working, breakfast was horrible. Our bathroom was clogged up when we arrived and we have to call guest services.
We stayed three nights during the summer, and the AC in the room was working sporadically. The manager said he'd work on it, and he tried, but didn't resolve. He gave us a discount and offered to make up for our experience during our next stay. We took him upon it. Our next stay was in the fall, and we... More
This hotel is awesome! The exterior, lobby, and rooms are very nice - especially for the price! I am not sure if the hotel has been recently updated to a more modern look or if it is new, but it was really nice! The King Suite was a great size, and the jetted tub in the bathroom is AMAZING!!! I... More
Good place to stay. Friendly and welcoming staff, no morning breakfast included in the stay. Not the best or the most scenic of locations but that is not a deal breaker. The front staff were really welcoming and made the stay pleasant.
I come in Oklahoma City each Jan., and I always stay at this hilton garden inn by the airport. Always been reliable, but this trip was not a good one. The check in was strange because the girl seemed more interested in texting than checking me in... A huge annoying thing is people texting rather than working. I went to... More
I was very pleased with this Hilton We stayed as a group for a work meeting and they were helpful and the breakfast was good. Rooms had keurig and fridge and microwave. Overall a good choice for Oklahoma City
Spent one night here prior to an event in Oklahoma City the next day. The front desk person was friendly and got us checked in promptly. The room was very nice, comfortable and clean. The breakfast was good as well. No complaints at all and would love to stay here again.
We had the time of our life. My husband and I with our 13 year old son rented ATV's and rode their trails for 2 hours. Jana and her family made us feel like long lost friends. Jana's niece took us through the trails and showed us all of the nature around us. We cannot say enough about their kindness... More
Excellent hotel...great value. We got in really late and I had called and the front desk went ahead and checked us in. They had our keys out and waiting for us when we finally arrived. Beautiful room, very clean.
I grew up in this town n as busy as it is someone needs to build a NICE hotel in this town!!! I know this place and it isn't NICE...I give it a big fat 0!!!!!! This place stinks really bad n as they say you get what you pay for. The best thing to do is stay in okc... More
I was afraid looking at reviews on Trip advisor. but I don't have a option and I paid for initial 1st week. Surprisingly it was really nice experience. Motel manager was friendly. explained me of weekly deal. its really cheaper if u pay weekly but u wont get refund if u check out early. its pretty much common in in... More
This is the worst Fairfield I have stayed at. Black flecks in our bath water! Don't drink the water. First shower in the morning yields black flecks. Reported this to many of the young girls who run the front desk and they don't seem surprised or interested. Description-Dirty exterior-cigarettes and trash, non-automatic door, dirty elevator, trash on top of the... More
This is your average Fairfield Inn. Our room was clean and well maintained. The staff was friendly and accommodating. Breakfast is included and parking on site is free. We were only passing through town. This hotel served our needs and we would return. Very affordable.
This hotel offers free breakfast in the morning and coffee bar all day long. The hotel is 1 of 3 hotels in a very close proximity, the free breakfast makes it stand out. The room was average. The hotel staff ranges from very nice to very unfriendly. Management needs to work on their customer service, especially as they are part... More
I made my travel arrangements on priceline's name your own price the day before my stay due to a family emergency so I didn't know where I was staying until my bid was accepted and card was charged. I was happy that it was a Marriott. When I checked in, I was asked if it was for business or pleasure... More
I greatly enjoyed my extended stay here at the Fairfield. I was here two weeks in-between a move. The staff was extremely hospitable and accommodating. I felt very safe and experienced great service. Thank you Fairfield staff!
Very nice front desk service. Rooms are very clean, very clean. Service staff were all very polite and accommodating. I was so impressed that we are taking a family vacation in late June or Early. Pet friendly too. The only minor thing was that the closest ice machine was not working. No big deal, the staff escorted me to the... More
This hotel was comfortable and clean with a friendly staff. I only had 1 complaint with the housekeeping crew. Our pillows had hair on them when we checked in and it took a while for them to be replaced.
The hotel was recently renovated and still has minor renovations going on. Rooms were clean, breakfast was tasty, and the staff members were very friendly. Used the shuttle service to downtown which was very convenient. Will stay again!!
This hotel is not in a good area and under renovation. We were put in a room that clearly had not been renovated. Light bulbs burnt out or missing, the AC leaked and the carpet was wet on one side of the room, it dried eventually. Construction debris everywhere. This hotel might be habitable a year from now but I... More
OK hotel at OK price not too far from Bricktown, Cox Center, etc. Hotel under renovation so not in top shape. Room was small but clean. Firm king bed. Construction/renovation noise during the day. Highway noise slightly audible in our room at night, although not too bad. Front desk understaffed when we arrived (around 8pm, only one person on duty... More
I've very much enjoyed my stay at the Friendship Inn. The ladies at the front desk are very helpful and were able to work out a deal that made my stay affordable. My room is consistently clean the air conditioning was cold this summer and the heat is great as the weather has been getting colder. The folks in the... More
Staff I freindly. Needs major maintenance work. Ice machine broke, wall plug wore out, security latch broke and some water standing. Rooms clean. Think with good updating this location would get better rating. I would stay again
