MoreMore
I have travelled from Ontario, Canada to Best Western Valley View several times Most recently December 2015, February 2016 and I have scheduled again for this coming weekend. The staff are fabulous, the hotel is really clean and the breakfast is great! My 3 year old grand-daughter is starting to learn sign language and the manager taught her how to... More
I visited this place last summer and it was one of the good hotel i visited so far. Quite and comfy. Front desk lady was nice. Big room and good breakfast. Lots of good restaurants nearby.Room is clean.
The hotel was very nice and the breakfast was delicious but the buffet area is extremely cramped. Would be nice if they had pay per view so we could have watched the fight but other than that no complaints!
This hotel was so clean. So well kept. The value and then to have a hot breakfast included was fantastic. I would recommend anyone to stay here. This was our half way piont driving from PA to Nashville.
Stayed at this fine establishment for the second time since November and our experience was literally a mirror image of our first stay. Lori Womack is the GM and she and her entire staff are very focused on the guest experience and it shows in the details. We asked for a king room near the lobby and that is what... More
Staff very helpful and friendly. Great price! Clean remodeled room. Close to area restaurants. Very good breakfast! Will be back as I travel to Roanoke often. This was a last minute find and I couldn't be happier!
Quiet, friendly, clean, love the fresh cookies that greeted us. Nice full hot breakfast., more than just a waffle. Comfy bed, tub, spacious.i would defiantly recommend a stay here. Lots of parking too. Nice staff.
Come for the clean rooms and fluffy pillows but STAY for the full American Breakfast! Make your own waffle, pile on scrambled eggs, sausage patties, cover with sausage gravy. Then add a side of sausage flavored home fries and a croissant roll. Wash down with nice coffee and orange juice. Ahhhh. Traveling on a diet! I tried to steal the... More
My husband I were traveling back to NY from Nashville. After driving many hours hundreds of miles, we needed a clean comfortable bed to sleep in. We stopped at the Best Western hoping they had availability, they did. The room was large, very clean, the bed was comfortable we even got free breakfast in the morning. I... More
Room was very clean. Breakfast was good. Only problem is that the breakfast serving area is too small and too crowded for the large number of guests. Attendant did a good job keeping the items stocked, but again not a good location and size to try and feed so many guests. Very frustrating!!
Outstanding! Many thanks to the management and staff for going over and above the call of duty to help out our animal rescue group! We drove overnight from Tennessee to meet another rescue group from Connecticut to deliver a huge load of former shelter dogs and cats on their way to the cool, blue north! Best Western at Valley View... More
Quiet, friendly, clean, love the fresh cookies that greeted us. Nice full hot breakfast., more than just a waffle. Comfy bed, tub, spacious.i would defiantly recommend a stay here. Lots of parking too. Nice staff.
Our stay was great we have stayed there a few times and loved it each time. The staff is very nice and helpful, the rooms are always very clean and comfortable. Really enjoyed the indoor pool and the breakfast.
Come for the clean rooms and fluffy pillows but STAY for the full American Breakfast! Make your own waffle, pile on scrambled eggs, sausage patties, cover with sausage gravy. Then add a side of sausage flavored home fries and a croissant roll. Wash down with nice coffee and orange juice. Ahhhh. Traveling on a diet! I tried to steal the... More
Our stay was great we have stayed there a few times and loved it each time. The staff is very nice and helpful, the rooms are always very clean and comfortable. Really enjoyed the indoor pool and the breakfast.
I have travelled from Ontario, Canada to Best Western Valley View several times Most recently December 2015, February 2016 and I have scheduled again for this coming weekend. The staff are fabulous, the hotel is really clean and the breakfast is great! My 3 year old grand-daughter is starting to learn sign language and the manager taught her how to... More
This is the second time we have stayed at this fine hotel while traveling from South Carolina back to CT and we will continue to do so! Staff and facilities were welcoming and location was close to many eating establishments. Heated pool, great welcome bag to Best Western Elite members and cheerful front desk made this a great experience!
Will definitely stay again. Employees are exceptional. Always smiling and knowledgeable. Loved the private balcony and the view. Indoor heated pool was great. Bathroom is small. The mattresses are a little to firm and pillows are a to soft.
Have spent a week in the fall for the last 9 years to enjoy golf on this scenic and interesting course in the Shenandoah Valley! Look forward to it next year!! Brought grandchildren in February 2016 to snow tube! Terrific time with helpful, cheerful employees! Nearby trails, caverns, historical sites. Accommodations have improved every year! Clean, spacious, comfortable furniture, multiple... More
We have visited this property multiple times over the past 2 years, while visiting family in Lynchburg. Sometimes when staying at hotels, you get impressive service on your first visit, or maybe just catch them on a good day. However, every time we have stayed...More
I stayed here when I was in the area traveling for work. I normally stay at a Marriott so I was pleasantly surprised with this hotel. The staff was welcoming and my room was clean. The room was a little small, but it wasn't a big deal. The hotel gym was disappointing. The hotel gave some restaurant suggestions which was... More
I was a little tentative to come here because we usually stay at another hotel we really like. We were picking our daughter up from college and this hotel was just what we needed. The room and hotel was clean and it was quiet. The breakfast was good. I would recommend gettng some sugar free syrup.I have to say, I love the staff at this hotel. They are REALLY nice people. Steven at the front desk is very nice and I can't say enough about Brian Knopp. We were moving our daughter out of the dorm and she had extra activities she was involved with and it was leaving us with little time and we didn't know how we were going to manage it. In talking we Steve, he said he could give us an extra hour at check out , but not only that, they let us come back later in the day to freshen up before an event we had to go to. I had asked to use the public bathroom, but Brian wouldn't have that and let use a vacant room. We only needed it for about 30 minutes, so it worked out perfectly. We were so grateful for the hospitality they provided.I would come back to this hotel in a heart beat.We very much appreciate and value your feedback and will share it with our team. Your survey responses will serve as encouragement to all of our staff as we strive to continuously improve the quality of our services to provide an exceptional experience for our guests. It is always a pleasure to receive positive feedback.Thank you again for sharing your experience, and we look forward to your next visit!Safe Travels,Brian Knopp, General ManagerCOMFORT INN SUITES - LynchburgA New Level of Comfort!
I always enjoy my stay they have a walk in special. I suggest you book then when you get there cancel and take advantage of special. Room is always comfortable and it's quiet within walking distance to eating and shopping.
Stayed here in August 2017. Plenty of staff available to help. Pool water was not cold, but just right. Breakfast was contiental plus. Very clean and friendly. I would come back and stay again in a heartbeat.
Not much has changed.. we have stayed here several times. Same friendly staff that makes me feel at home. Recently redecorated rooms seemed unnecessary, but tastefully done. A nice touch! Staff has extensive knowledge of Island happenings, nothing has ever been too much trouble.
The Hampton in Chincoteague Va is a very nice hotel. The people are friendly and very accommodating. The views over the water provide a relaxing environment. It is ideally located for enjoying local activities.
Very good experience. Disappointed, since my wife is handicap and we did not get a handicap room. Would stay there again if they guarantee a handicap room. Also disappointed for not having a view of the water.
The Hampton on Chincoteague provided a great experience. Staff was courteous and helpful, room was great, nice view and quiet. The complimentary breakfast was excellent in comparison to other hotels that offer such breakfasts.
This is a beautiful hotel situated nicely on the waterfront with clean, spacious rooms with balcony, some waterfront. Food is good. Lobby is beautiful. Large lobby facing the waterfront, tables at top of stairs and a waterfront boardwalk to sit at and view beautiful sunsets.
Very convenient hotel with a particularly good, varied breakfast. Comfortable room. Hotel conveniently situated. Would stay there again. Hotel has an indoor pool w/hot tubparticularly appealing year-round. Staff very friendly.
This is by far the best hotel I have stayed at ! Clean ! Best staff in the business !!! Always ready to help ! They go above and beyond from the owner to the cleaning staff. The maintenance team is number one !!!
Had a great time, clean rooms, internet, pool, fitness room. The breakfast was varied but the egg dishes were too dry. I like the make it yourself waffles. It was great to have coffee available 24/7 and cookies at 6pm. .......
Great time cleanest Hampton inn I ever been in. Walking distance to restaurants and Stores great location. Staff is great very friendly great breakfast all day Coffee and Tea cookies at night. Nice Lobby to hang out in at night time.
We have stayed at the Chincoteague Hampton several times and it has always been a super experience. We will always book early to be sure to be able to stay here. The owner/manager has this place well in hand.
We stayed here last year and plan to return soon. We had a three night stay and it was great. Very relaxing--room on second floor overlooking the water. Front desk staff was courteous and helpful when suggesting places to visit and food choices.
Can't find a better place in Chincoteague. To me, as a business traveler for 40 years, it's the best Hampton Inn in the Hilton chain. Fabulous setting on the bay with easy walking access to restaurants on Main Street.
The cleanest and friendliness hotel we have ever stayed for a weekend getaway. The entire property was immaculate and the total staff was most friendly and accomodating. It exceeded our expectations in every catagory and it was a great value. We will return.
Great place with sunset waterfront views. Usual Hampton Inn cleanliness and convenience. Friendly and efficient staff. Try the Island cruise by Captain Dan that leaves right from the hotel. It's educational and loads of fun.
Without question, this Inn deserves the awards it has received. Wonderful view of the bay along with a modern and clean atmosphere. The typical included waffle breakfast was a cut above the others I've had.
Whenever in Chincoteague, Virginia, this is the absolute best place to stay if you desire professional staff and extremely clean and spacious rooms! Will stay here whenever we come back! Breakfast also superb!
Best Hampton Inn I've ever stayed in. Beautiful hotel and location. View is amazing. Breakfast is very good and friendly service. Location is ideal for being and Chincoteague and having a relaxing vacation.
This Hampton Inn is consistant in its service, always exceptional. The rooms are clean and the views from the rooms are amazing. The staff at the counter is always welcoming and helpful. It is our go to place when we need to stay the night
This is a beautiful hotel in a beautiful setting. I never knew a Hampton Inn could be so special. The staff were pleasant and helpful. The room was well maintained, clean and comfortable. I would definitely stay here again and again.
our experience was very enjoyable and relaxing we will be coming back to this hotal.we love the hot tub and the breakfast .wil also enjoy the quiet and peace! qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm,./1234567890-poiuytrewqasdfghjkl'/.,mnbvcxz
Hotel was very nice, breakfast was fabulous, the hot tub was awesome, room was not as shown in online booking, much smaller but adequate. Not enough parking spaces and cars without handicap tags were parked in the handicap area.
Must stay if your in the area! Beautiful Decor, Great view of the Bay and Water Way. Pool and Hot Tub are SWEET! Staff was Helpful and Friendly :) Breakfast was keep stock and clean even had Blueberries and Mango
Spent an extended Thanksgiving weekend at the Lighthouse Inn. Very welcoming, clean room. Chris, the manager, was very attentive and gracious. We were traveling with our dog, and were made to feel very welcomed. Without hesitation, we would gladly book another stay.
The hotel was very clean, staff was extremely helpful with any questions or concerns that we had. The hotel was centrally located to any and all activities were interested in doing. The lounge area was beautiful and accommodating to all.
Ninety- nine percent of the times we have stayed with Hampton, our expectations have been met. The beds are clean and comfortable. The rooms never have the funky odors other hotels sometimes have. Staff is always well trained and efficient.
I just have to doubt that real people, in real life, rated this hotel as excellent. I booked this hotel based upon the tripadvisor ratings along and it was a big, big mistake. Let me begin by saying the picture shown for this hotel (which I looked at carefully before i booked) in no way resembles the room I was... More
We had a wonderful suite on the ground floor which opened up to the relaxing outdoor area. The room itself was nicely appointed, and very comfortable. Everything is within walking distance, which was very appealing since we still had a long drive ahead to the Outer Banks.
As someone who is used to staying in standard hotel rooms, this was a different ending joinable experience for me me. This small hotel is located in the town of Cape Charles. It is a place where there is nothing much to do and we were there for a wedding. The reservation process was quite easy and we were surprised... More
We've been so happy with our stops in Cape Charles and this trip did not disappoint! What a lovely, bright and comfortable room we had at The Hotel Cape Charles. Loft 17 was perfect for our one night stay as we drove from NY to the Outer Banks. Ned greeted us in the open lobby and within minutes we were... More
Although the weather was not the best, we stopped in Cape Charles, VA on the way home from our southern travels. It was very quiet and relaxing. Ned guided us to some places to eat. The room was quiet and comfortable. Great morning coffee!! We hope to stop there again sometime. It is a little town that is trying to... More
We arrived in town for a family reunion. The hotel is very clean with good rooms - it is a newer hotel. there is a very nice breakfast area with coffee and tea available all day long. Great place to stay and reasonably priced.
Coupon said 39.99 plus tax, 1-2 persons, everyday. Desk clerk wouldn't take coupon. Rate he wanted 65. That's a 50+ hike! Well, he lost two reservations. Never will come here, and you'd be best to do likewise. Take a look at the picture of the coupon.
This place was fine. The only thing I would complain about would be the pillows. They didn't even cover the bed. I usually bring my own but forgot. Other than that it was good. Coffee in morning, place was mostly clean. Easy check in.
I booked a kingsize non smoking room and put in a request of a late arrival and to please turn on the ac in the room. Being a platinum choice member usually has its perks but not at this place. I arrived at 1 am tired from the road and am told the room is out of order and shouldn't... More
I was suppose to stay longer than I did but due to some car trouble wasnt able to. I arrived at check in time and was given a room on the second floor. I didnt smell any smoke. The room could have probably used a better paint choice but I didnt spend much time in the room awake anyways. The... More
This is a basic hotel at a basic price. Pillows were very small. Bathroom was behind self closing fire type door which made it awkward. Not bad for the price but not necessarily business traveller friendly. Not a lot of restaurants nearby. I would recommend Don Pedro's around the corner on rt 1
quiet, great room, close to everything, staff very friendly and respectful...5 stars, nothing to dislike if I had to be away from home and not spend a fortune on frills, this would be the place to stay.
I sent flowers to a special someone staying there, and Tina went above and beyond, helping to deliver and make make it a special event for me, being I was a distance away. Thank you, Alamar! Great customer serviceThank you for your kind words. So glad to be of service, and, loved seeing the surprise, and, happiness on the face of your special someone !
Mr. Bob Rittenhouse was a delight ! He took over the lodge from his father in 1953. We decided to stay there overnight on our way to OBX. The next morning we only had about 2 1/2 hours to Nags Head, NC. The place CLEAN, beautiful grounds, and Mr. Bob couldn't have been more friendly to us. He recommended the... More
Nothing fancy and not cheap, but a delightful stay and very retro-cool. We would return. The bed was comfortable and the internet was working great and the peaceful beauty of the property is not to be missed.
Never stayed here before, but were very pleased with the accommodations. The hotel was clean, the bed comfortable and the free breakfast buffet was quite good. We really appreciate having breakfast right at the hotel and try to stay at a hotel that offers it. There is a single-cup Keurig in the room which was convenient. The room is also... More
I had just had an awful experience with the holiday inn on Midlothian turnpike. The receptionist was the rudest person I ever encountered at a hotel. So I called to speak to a manager but accidently called this hotel where the general manager listened to my situation and went out of her way to make sure my husband and I... More
Whenever we can I elect to stay in a Holiday Inn, I feel safe and secure there. Inn's are well lit, clean, staff very professional. Easy check in, easy check out. Clean rooms, sheets, pillowcases. We steal the toiletries and send to the troops overseas, via Operation Shoebox. The Inn staff is scratching their heads, I know. LOL Regardless outstanding... More
We booked this last minute after reviewing TripAdvisor's rating of 2 out of 19. It fully deserves the rating. This is not a chain motel and i believe managers stay on the property. Check-in was smooth. Breakfast sufficiently diverse even for vegetarians.Thank you for the great review! Our owners and managers are here on a daily basis, and stay overnight occasionally as well. Glad you enjoyed it and we hope to see you again soon!
We love going to the Refuge Inn. The pool and hot tub are wonderful. The village is quiet, the National Wildlife Refuge has nice trails and the beach was peaceful. It was a perfect escape to recharge after during the holiday season.Thank you so much for the fabulous review! We hope to see you back next year.
Great location, clean, friendly. It was our third time at Refuge Inn. We love coming back here. The place feels so relaxing. There is a bike rental next door, and they have a couple of ponies (fun not only for children :) ).Thank you so much for the awesome review! All of us here at the Refuge are glad you enjoyed your time on Chincoteague, and we hope to see you again soon.
My family and I stay here frequently. Awesome place in every season! Quiet, family oriented. Great gift shop! Unique rooms. Amazing customer service. And a pony in the parking lot at bike rentals. Very close to beach.Thank you for the awesome review! We appreciate your business and hope to see you again soon.
My husband and I stayed here for work because I think it is very possibly the only hotel in Virginia Beach which is still honoring the government allowed per diem lodging rate. Generally speaking, the hotel has a great location--not directly on the beach, but right across the street and walking distance to most points of interest. Also, the rooms... More
My friends and family were in town for the Shamrock 8K and Half Marathon. Location-wise, the hotel is great, only a few blocks from the finish line of both races. It is also within walking distance of several restaurants. The rooms are pretty spacious, and the beds are nice (although a little soft for my liking). The staff was nice... More
This is the property that I rate all other Hampton Inns that I stay at against. Everything about it is just as it should be from the cookies to the discount coupons for local restaurants to the room furnishings to the breakfast.
We booked this hotel due to location as I was departing from an evening meeting and it was 2.5 hours away so it gave us a good start for the next day. The hotel was up to Hampton Inn standards. When we arrived in the room and got in bed we noticed we were on the side of the hotel... More
My husband had a conference and my daughter and I tagged along. We liked it here. They have free freshly baked cookies everyday. Their breakfast is also free and goooood! We really enjoyed our stay here. Plus, it was so very convenient.
the hotel is well kept. Slept well, no issues with room. However, the breakfast was horrible. We ended up eating once we got back on the road at a cracker barrel. Convenient to interstate and great stopping point during a long stretch.
After a very long day of doing a college tour with my Mom and Son, this Hampton Inn welcomed us and we truly felt like we were home. We did not have reservations, but the staff treated us just the same. They had a room available for us and the front desk staff was very pleasant. I would highly recommend... More
Stayed here during Thanksgiving holiday. The staff was very nice and I really felt cared for. The cold weather was causing the skin on my hands to be very dry and cracked. The lotion provided with the room wasn't helping much. I went to the front desk to see if they had something else I could get or buy. The... More
We spent the night here on our way down to Tennessee. The place is quiet and located at the top of a hill, making it very easy to find. The staff were pleasant and polite and the room was clean with a new TV and lots of channels. The pool looked well-kept. Parking spaces are a little tight, and we... More
This is a beautiful and new facility. It is very clean so it stays looking new everyday. The best part is the staff. Dana is the manager and runs a excellent hotel and staff. I also understand she had a hand in the ambiance and decor. We had the pleasure of talking with her many times. Very personable and she... More
We have stayed here two other times before this. The staff on evening and morning shift were very pleasant and helpful. The rooms were clean and quiet. In the am we had car trouble and the staff was helpful to direct us to the nearest car dealer.
This motel was not that clean. Long, black hair in tub. Breakfast was horrible, no one around stocking syrup and such was empty and nothing seemed stocked at 8 a.m, dirty tables. Couldn't even eat there, we left and went down road to have breakfast. On the positive side, it was quiet and shower had good water pressure.
We have stayed here two other times before this. The staff on evening and morning shift were very pleasant and helpful. The rooms were clean and quiet. In the am we had car trouble and the staff was helpful to direct us to the nearest car dealer.
Very clean, convenient to interstate, quiet. Three restaurants nearby. Nice pool and hot tub. Comfortable beds, lots of outlets, flat panel TV. Super hot breakfast, although on Y delux continental was advertised. Comfortable sitting/eating area.
We had a room on the forth floor and was told it was non-smoking, it was, but, the other side of the hall was smoking and at night when we were trying to go to bed, the smell was so-bad, I began to suffer a headache and woke up congested. Never again will I stay at Quality Inn Suites,... More
A clean and well kept place with a friendly staff. Easy on off from I-77 Good breakfast close to restaurants and next door to a gas station. A better Quality Inn would surely stay again. Neal Ellen E
Great Best Western with great staff and nice breakfast spread and fitness room and plenty of parking. Near old city and also a nice walk to where my daughter lives in Del Ray in Alexandria. The reception staff were extremely helpful, the rooms were spacious with very comfortable beds, the breakfast was more than the advertised continental breakfast.
We visited Alexandria for the Scottish Christmas Walk Weekend . We really enjoyed this Best Western as the had shuttle service around town. Good rooms ,under cover parking and the best breakfast by Mary!
We stayed a total of 8 nights here and all except one night was very pleasant, which is why I rated the motel a 4 and not a 5. That one night was in a room (first floor by the garage side) where cigarette smoke was prominent through the vent in the bathroom, yet no one knew why this was... More
After spending the last three nights at a Holiday Inn Express in Nashville that was disappointing, this hotel was wonderful. Big, clean, well maintained room. Nice workout room and pool. Warm cookies in the reception area. Nice bathroom and proper lighting.
The staff was courteous and friendly. The hotel is located near I-95, I-395, and I-495 intersection. But the noise level is not a problem. The breakfast buffet is very nice and dining area pleasant. We enjoyed our long weekend stay here.Thank you for taking the time to comment on your recent experience at the Best Western Springfield. We appreciate your patronage and feedback as we strive to lead the industry in customer care. At your service. Imran Ali AGM
My room is very nice. Well maintained and seems new. The staff is ultra-friendly. Phillip made my check-in at midnight simple, easy and enjoyable. He was friendly and helpful and all the things you want when you are exhausted after a long day flying. The breakfast has hot and cold items and the coffee is good and on 24/7. I... More
I choose Hampton because I know what to expect, and I always get it. Clean. Quality. Friendly. Good breakfast. This Hampton was no exception. And on top of all that, I have to offer a special thanks to Dwayne (I believe his name was), who was the friendliest face I've seen yet. After 9+ hours of driving, he put a... More
Everything was perfect . The staff went over and above to make sure that every need was met. If I were to visit that area again I would be sure to make this one of the hotels that I first looked into for my stay
My husband and I had to travel to Smithfield for a wedding at St. Luke's and after doing a quick online search found only a few options near the venue. We opted for the Econo Lodge due to the close proximity and the extremely competitive price. It was def worth our while as it was recently worked on and the... More
We have stayed at this hotel before. It is a couple of miles from the Amtrak Auto Train. The hotel is clean, the room was nice, the beds are quite comfortable. The small breakfast is good with enough choices for everyone: scrambled eggs, breads, bagels, make your own waffle.
We picked this location as it was convenient to all the locations we would need to be over the weekend. It was conveniently located off of the highways which was nice. Staff members were nice and helpful. Think the hotel could use a little TLC from the maintenance staff (room screen torn, bathroom door did not have a robe hook,... More
I love staying at the Hampton franchises. I always receive great service. From the night auditor to the breakfast person, everyone is pleasant. We always stay at Hampton Inns when we travel. Thanks again everyone.
I've been staying in a lot of Hampton hotels lately and this was the dirtiest one to date. The hallways needed to be vacuumed, and the room was not very clean. The heating/cooling systems sounded like a jet was taking off every time it turned on. Also, I felt it was loud. Not sure if it was just the people... More
Really a life saver after my late-night staff meeting down the street. Hampton Inn was a pain in the butt to find from 95 (thanks for nothin', Google!) but easy to get to from Rt. 1. For non-95'ers, the hotel is located off of Gordon Blvd (Rt 123) near Route 1. Friendly check in, comfortable bed, spacious room and good... More
We picked this location as it was convenient to all the locations we would need to be over the weekend. It was conveniently located off of the highways which was nice. Staff members were nice and helpful. Think the hotel could use a little TLC from the maintenance staff (room screen torn, bathroom door did not have a robe hook,... More
I was a little wary of this hotel because of the price difference from others in the area, but what a nice surprise. My child is a student at Virginia Tech and this is right down the road from campus. Very clean and comfortable. We stayed for 3 nights. Owner/manager VERY nice. I will be staying here every time I... More
A friend of mine and I took a long road trip this past autumn and were planning to camp in the Jefferson National Forest for a night. After a scary experience in the woods (looooong story but it includes dark woods, no cell service and the hill people), we grabbed a room at this inn. The hospitality was fantastic. After... More
On the first day, management was informed that the ground floor stairwell doors at both ends of the building were not secure the bottom of the doors scraped on the outside pavement and the doors could not reach the secure position, even with force. Management indicated it was aware of the situation new door/frame sets were on order. When I... More
The rooms in this hotel compared to the outside premises and inside hallways are two different worlds. Everything else was sketchy to me - but the rooms were a lot nicer than you would expect. The beds are very comfortable. Very convenient location. Probably will try a different hotel next time we are in the area.
I come from a large family! When my dad passed away, we needed several rooms! Stacy was amazing! She was so patient with me when I would call and cancel, then turn around and call back and ask to reserve it again! She went above...More
If you travel along Interstate 95 and are looking for a great place to stay, I have it for you. It's the Red Roof Inn at the Bells Road exit 69 in Richmond, Virginia. Located just off the highway, you'll have easy access to the hotel both on and off the interstate. Upon checking in, you'll experience a friendly welcome... More
This motel is 100 Non-Smoking and, ironic as it is, you could throw a rock to Phillip Morris! It is nicely maintained and the Superior King room I had was very clean and tidy. It was a full house so there was a lot of traffic in and out until 11 or so but the noise wasn't too bad. The... More
A clean and comfortable room with easy access to I-81. The desk staff seemed helpful, friendly, and efficient. The breakfast was delicious and appropriate. Our room seemed updated and the bed was very comfortable. Nothing to complain about here. They did it all right.
The property is hardly a jewel in the crown if Choice properties. They've tried to update although their decor is still 80's DARK. Brown carpet, et al create a dated atmosphere. They should've spent the extra and replaced the extremely TIRED bathtubs. My complaint w/this property is the poor manor in which I was handled by the manager, Ms.... More
Management was difficult and unwilling to hear out concerns regarding my accommodations. The bathroom was unclean and patched up. Towels had random pieces of various hair on them and one had what looked like dried dirt all through it. I kept getting moths and did not know where they were coming from and the furniture had dust built up from... More
The staff at this location were exceptional friendly and courteous. They made me feel welcome and even acknowledged me when leaving and returning during my stay. The location is perfect and accessible to many attractions in the area. I am from Hampton and don't find it necessary to stay in a hotel often but this will be my new home... More
We stayed at this hotel while visiting to see our son in the Air Force and for visiting the Air Show over Hampton. We found this Hotel in very good condition and looks like it was freshly remodeled. The staff were very pleasant and great to work with. We found every breakfast was warm and a delicious way to start... More
My friends and I took a trip to Hampton for the Basslights show and booked us a couple rooms for Saturday and Sunday. When we arrived around 7am we realized we should have booked more than 2 rooms because of how many people we had and went to the concierge to check if there were any additional rooms available. They... More
from check in to departure, staff is friendly, professional and wanting to help. the property is clean, the rooms clean and quiet and very comfortable. the area made me feel very safe. i even walked to my work and other businesses. parking is very adequate.
This Hampton is located on a quiet street across from a hospital, located minutes from Langley/Ft Eutis Base. Easy access to I-40. A hop skip and jump from Virginia Beach, and Williamsburg. Overall the hotel was busy with lots of guests but not overcrowded. The rooms were clean and comfortable.
