We've stayed in better motels for a cheaper price, but we have no major complaints and slept well. Sure, it's a bit outdated and worn, but everything worked, no bugs and for the price you really can't get too picky.
Had room 224, the door was broke, we asked for a different room was told no, but was showed how to put foot on wall, pull door forward, put card in door then open and repeat until door opened (10x).Thank you for alerting us to the trouble you had with your door we are currently researching it to locate the problem. We wish you a wonderful holiday season and a joyous New Year Econo Lodge Staff
This Hampton is only 4 months old as of July 2016 not only is it clean but the carpets are fresh and unwashed the shower stall is extra large the bedding is clean and bleached fresh fruit eggs sausage boxes of cereal muffins Juice coffee tea wonderfully presented highly recommend if you're in the area and close to the 10... More
We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Best Western Plus at Raton. It came highly recommended by a friend and justly so! Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and very convenient. We didn't get a chance to sample the indoor heated pool but it looked tempting. The beds were so comfortable. We had an amazing meal... More
I usually stay at either a Hilton or Marriott property and this is not in the same league as those two properties. The Best Western does have exterior entrances and the room are not big. The bed are comfortable and the shower was hot. For the price, it was not a very good deal. 160, if you have a pet,... More
We were traveling from Ruidoso, NM., needing a place for the evening found the Best Western Plus in Raton. We were impressed with the lobby and the great customer service at the front desk. This hotel, built in 2010, is clean, roomy and offers relaxation everywhere you walk. It offers pet friendly rooms too. There is a very nice gift... More
Just spent 3 nights and this is my 2nd time staying there. The place is convenient, clean, the people could not be nicer and Mulligans is the best restaurant in town. Why not 5 stars, because they use the Obama bulbs in the room lighting. The hotel is unusual in that the only window in your room faces into the... More
Stayed here during the Balloon Rally. Clean, nice, fantastic breakfasts. Well-run establishment, courteous customer service. Note: there's a carafe of extra-strong cowboy coffee if you don't like the under-brewed swill!! The jewelry on display in the lobby is very nice, and value priced.
We stopped in Raton during a rain storm instead of pushing on to Taos. The hotel front desk staff was very helpful in getting us a nice, large and clean room. Dinner was only okay, but the breakfast was great. The hotel is clean and spacious.
This Best Western in Raton is very clean, well maintained, and staffed by friendly and helpful people. There is also a restaurant on the premises that includes a small bar and TV's. A free buffet breakfast is included, complete with dishes, silverware, and a hostess. Very nice stay in a somewhat remote area.
Stopped here for an overnight stay while on a road trip. Rate was a bit high for the room, but not too bad. Beds were wonderful and comfortable. The staff was friendly. The breakfast options were plentiful and well staffed. My only real negative was the size of the bathroom. It was a bit too small for my taste, but... More
We were heading to Breckenridge, but decided to stay in Raton, so that we would be awake and refreshed for the next day. Upon arriving to the Best Western, we found out that we were upgraded to a suite! The staff, management were extremely professional and welcoming. Another plus would be the breakfast/coffee---it was extremely good!
We usually try to stay at the Choice brand of hotels during their rewards point promotions and the discount that I get through an organization that we belong to. We have recently been staying at Quality Inns. Most of the properties seem to have been upgraded. Unfortunately, that was not the case with this one. It was probably nice 40... More
Nice,clean,fresh hotel. Close to the Whittington Center and right off of Interstate. Decent breakfast in the morning but nothing to crow about. We were there for 4 days and service was good. I would recommend!Thank you very much for your comments and recommendation to others. We were very happy to see that you found our location to be convenient and that you appreciated the service provided. We hope to see you again soon. Marilyn Edwards Guest Service Manager
Awesome rooms. The beds and sheets are extremely comfortable the front desk staff was not very friendly and told you nothing about the hotel.. Breakfast is coninental but ran out of food. The ocation of the suite is great. Close to shopping, food and is in the middle of Albuquerque. Near everything including airport. Right of interstate I40 and I... More
Very clean and comfortable room. The manager, Earnest, was helpful by introducing us to the hotel facilities and with the restaurants we liked in the Gallup, New Mexico area. The breakfast was very good as was our checkout. It was a very pleasant stay.Thank you for taking the time to comment, as it is a very useful tool in serving our guest. Thanks for staying with us, we enjoyed having you. Please come back and see us. Thank you and have a great day.
Not the newest in town but very clean and friendly staff. No extra charge for pets. Close to restaurants and Wal-Mart. Will stay there again in my next Silver City adventure. If you are looking for upscale lodging this is not the place but if you want a clean comfortable room to use a base to explore the area this... More
This is a great hotel with fantastic staff. Updated motor lodge style with large rooms, plenty of light and comfortable beds. Hotel is well kept and clean including rooms, lobby and breakfast area. Outstanding value.
While traveling and going to Texas stopped late to find a room. Sign said three mile and since I wanted an early start thought I would stay in Historic District. Easy to get to and the staff was pleasant and asked if I had any discounts such as AARP or My room was nice and clean. Got an early... More
Nice place with a good location. Good room with comfortable beds. Also nice breakfast. Only issue I had is that I used my rewards points but my credit card was charged 34.00 without my consent or knowledge...still working through that with them.
I was very satisfied with the facility. To be honest not all hotels are the best, but my experience staying here at Best Western was great. Nice clean, big rooms, they have everything you need, friendly staff, etc. A very well equipped Hotel. I would stay here again, our home away from home.
We stayed early May 2016. The front desk was great and very helpful. Breakfast was okay, what you expect for a free breakfast. The downside to our stay was the pool being too cold, also I left a phone / usb charger in the room. Called the hotel later in the day after we had checked out and driven 500... More
My girlfriends and I planned a fun, overnight trip to Red River. It was a last minute idea, and Lifts West was able to accommodate us with a very nice, clean, and spacious condo. It was perfect the four of us, and plenty of room for relaxing, entertaining, and sleeping. our condo was equipped with full kitchen, two full baths,... More
We absolutely loved our stay at the Chocolate Turtle. Keith and Denise are delightful hosts and their BB is truly their home. And they are clearly thrilled to share it with you. The Sandia room was charming and the common areas, especially outside are lovely. Breakfast was delicious and satisfying and our location allowed us easy access to all the... More
Keith and Denise are friendly and delightful. Thier BB is located in a lovely peaceful location and is sparking clean. Breakfast was gourmet and served on the beautiful patio. You will love Zorro, the black standard poodle
We loved our stay at this BB. The location was just far enough away from the crowds, the food scrumptious, the surroundings peaceful and beautiful. The hosts were most accommodating and had some very helpful ideas for our visit.
The owners, Keith and Denise, are the exact type of people who should be running a BB. They're friendly, full of useful (and interesting!) information about the area, and they make delicious breakfasts each and every morning. It honestly felt more like staying with friends or family members than staying in a hotel. My husband and I were visiting New... More
Our stay was great! Accommodations were wonderfulloved the room! The common areas were welcoming, attractive and comfortable. Breakfasts were super. Hosts Denise and Kevin were gracious and friendly. The vista of Sandia crest is beautiful and sitting on the back porch or in the gazebo we were able to watch Quail and and rabbits. We snapped pictures of a roadrunner... More
The Sandia room was great with it's large bathroom, king bed and daybed, and private,walled patio. Breakfast was delicious and plenty and I could go on and on for quite a long time about the home's large back patio, the views, and how quiet and beautiful it is there. Saw many bunnies and quail, and a little after breakfast one... More
Keith and Denise are friendly and delightful. Thier BB is located in a lovely peaceful location and is sparking clean. Breakfast was gourmet and served on the beautiful patio. You will love Zorro, the black standard poodle
I wanted a quiet, tasteful wedding in lovely surroundings. I got exactly that at the Chocolate Turtle. You can rent the entire BB with a gazebo in beautiful grounds for the ceremony. The entire place is premium New Mexico ambiance from the tasteful art work and furnishings to the delightfully whimsical curios. The you step outside to the beautiful backdrop... More
Our stay was great! Accommodations were wonderfulloved the room! The common areas were welcoming, attractive and comfortable. Breakfasts were super. Hosts Denise and Kevin were gracious and friendly. The vista of Sandia crest is beautiful and sitting on the back porch or in the gazebo we were able to watch Quail and and rabbits. We snapped pictures of a roadrunner... More
We absolutely loved our stay at the Chocolate Turtle. Keith and Denise are delightful hosts and their BB is truly their home. And they are clearly thrilled to share it with you. The Sandia room was charming and the common areas, especially outside are lovely. Breakfast was delicious and satisfying and our location allowed us easy access to all the... More
Although I have written previously about this wonderful place, I have to report again after having gone back a third time. Since the last visit, Owners Denise/Keith have added a beautiful gazebo to the southwestern back yard. There are three sitting areas on the back patio and three more in the yard . Your privacy is observed as you sit... More
Beautiful place, wonderful hosts, excellent food! Highly recommend it! Rooms and bathrooms were clean. Snacks and drinks and ice were always available. Lovely breakfasts served on the back patio every morning.
Perfect place to stay when visiting our Mom. We had the room with the private patio and it was really comfortable, clean and lovely. The breakfast was gourmet with a local/Mexican twist - lovely presentation and fun variety. Zorro, the Standard Poodle, was well behaved and friendly. Rico, the parrot, was shy on our visit. Stayed two nights. Definitely will... More
We loved our stay at this BB. The location was just far enough away from the crowds, the food scrumptious, the surroundings peaceful and beautiful. The hosts were most accommodating and had some very helpful ideas for our visit.
Our 4th (or 5th ) visit 12/7 12/8/15 was like coming home. Denise gave some excellent tips on new things to see do, places to shop. Keith does wonderful breakfasts. Zorro is the sweetest dog, so well behaved. Rico is a beautiful Macaw. Everywhere you look is something beautiful and interesting....so many special touches that make the... More
Every staff member we met (housecleaning, maintenance, desk, breakfast) was very friendly and helpful. They allowed us to choose a room with a good view and to check in early. They provided a microwave upon request. The home-cooked breakfast was fantastic. Short walk into town.
