This hotel is conveniently located near downtown Seward, Alaska shops, the waterfront, Aquarium, eating establishments (and bars)! It is a good place to stay -- the staff is friendly and helpful and our room was fine. The bed was comfortable. We had stayed at this hotel on previous visits and knew it was where we wanted to stay on this... More
We needed one night in Seward before boarding a boat the next morning into Kenai Fjords National Park. Was choosing between the Best Western and the Holiday Inn. The location of the hotel is downtown, right across the street from the Sea Life Center, very close to Hotel Seward, and there are several restaurants within walking distance including Zudy's which... More
Staff were great!! polite and professional, always available. Continental breakfast is small but satisfying, Coffey's always fresh, rooms were clean and neat. I would highly recommend this motel to friends and family
This place is over the top. I think anyone can find a place to fish in Alaska but if you want more that catching fish, you need to go here. Allen, April and their staff make you feel like your at Ritz or better. Every meal is made to perfection, fresh linens everyday,outstanding accommodations. They use a custom boat that... More
Bed was soooooo comfortable. Bathroom was nice. Fast food very close, real food just a few blocks away. Very good value. There are nicer hotels but at twice the price. I highly recommend this hotel to anybody who wants a good nights sleep at a reasonable cost. Close to Kenai airport
My family and I stayed at the SpringHill Suites in downtown Fairbanks, AK while on a visit to other family in the area. I recommend this hotel. The hotel is located downtown across the street from the Chena river and within walking distance to many restaurants and local historical spots. The rooms are well maintained and nicely appointed with plenty... More
Nice Hotel. Lots of breakfast choices, clean and spacious, friendly and knowledgeable help was always available and a ride to and from the airport. What else could anyone need. A perfect place for my family. I would definitely go back.
We arrived on a flight at 2am and called the front desk for a pickup. By the time we got our bags the van was waiting outside. I was surprised to see that once we got in all seats were filled! The driver was really friendly and she pointed out a sleeping moose on the side of the road to... More
We spent 10 days here as home base during our independent tour of the interior. Very convenient and easy to find. You can go north to the Arctic Circle and south to Denali and Anchorage within a reasonable time. The room was very comfortable. Very good breakfast but I was disappointed that coffee was not offered all day. Small refrigerator,... More
One of the better hotels that I have stayed at. Friendly staff with excellent attitudes and great customer service. Very good breakfast lunch and dinner served with a limited menu. Located near the airport with shuttle service..
