Very old motel. The parking lot needed to be repaved. Rooms were small but they were comfortable. They could have used some updating. There was wifi. A Dollar General was next door. There are a couple of fast food places North on US 75.
Cabins on the lake with one, two, and three bedrooms that are up-to-date, well maintained, and clean. There was six of us on a bike weekend and the two bedroom cabin we stayed in was great. The owners are very accommodating and friendly. The bike trail is right at the end of the driveway and it's a half mile walk... More
Very cute, cozy cabins. Very quiet with no fancy cable or AC, perfect getaway. Nice lake as well. Perfect any time of year. Nisswa within walking distance with great shopping and many great options for dining.
The desk clerk (manager ) was very friendly and accommodating. The rooms were clean and very large. The ice machine was being repaired but she had ice on had to offer us. I was very pleased with my stay.
the housekeepers were helpful place was clean price reasonable
this is our 4th year staying with them. every year we stay in the northshore (not on the main island). it is perfect if looking for seclusion and to spend time with the family. Cabin is clean and staff is very friendly.Thanks for the kind words about Ludlow's. Northshore is one of our favorite cabins. There are not many resorts where you can stay in a cabin that is hundreds of feet from the nearest neighbor and great sunset views from the swing!
Ludlow's is not only a fantastic family destination, it is absolutely Minnesota's best choice for entertaining customers on a spring or fall fishing trip. Without question, they will have an unforgettable experience and they will catch fish!Jack Thanks for your review. We love the spring and Fall Season. It is by far the best time get into some great Walleyes on Lake Vermilion. Thanks for your continued support
I was very impressed with this motel! Very clean and cozy! Loved it, and can't wait to stay there again. Very quiet and peaceful place for some good sleep. I would recommend this motel to anyone. I'm glad I finally got to stay here.
Comfortable, clean, convenient but could have done without a very loud snorer in adjoining room.
Excellent choice when in town. Nearby food options. Walmart not far if you forget something. Rooms are immaculately clean. Friendly and professional staff. Check in and check out was fast and efficient. Great breakfast options. Easy access to highway but noise from highway is not an issue. Good experience at this hotel.
Very nice hotel -- the front desk staff were super friendly and competent. The breakfast area was very spacious with tons of breakfast selections. Our room was spotless, including the large bathroom. The beds were SO comfortable, best night's sleep I've had in a long time. Very quiet. This hotel is the newest in town and it shows! We have... More
The hotel is new and a good choice in Marshall. The room was clean and the bed was fine. The woman at the front desk was helpful. The breakfast offered was minimalist, but had enough choices. One of the better Marshall options
Very homey, clean place which even had a frig for our stuff. There suprisingly was a workout room and a public computer along with a vending machine down by the office. No pool or sauna. We had a 3 bed room and there was plenty of space for 4 of us and our stuff. Plenty of parking even for boats.... More
What a great little hotel. I haven't been treated this well in a long time. It's just the little things. Kind and courteous staff and clean rooms. Nicely done! Highly recommend it to anyone. Nuela is an absolute treasure. What a great employee. Better do what ever it takes to keep her around.
We fell in love with Wilderness Lodge the minute we arrived. Beautiful scenery and accommodations. This has been a yearly trip for us for nearly 20 years and it just keeps getting better and better. Wilderness Lodge is a very special place for us, we love it so much that we chose it for our wedding location! A wedding that... More
We get to Alexandria every year and stay here - low cost, we can park in front of our room and it's clean and neat. We stayed in 10 (of 12) and it had new a hardwood laminate floor, new tile floor in the bathroom and new tile all around the bathroom - including a stone counter and new sink.... More
Newer, clean, well located close to Interstate and dining. However, beds very hard, pillows were minuscule, roaring A/C unit and several loose tiles on bathroom floor. C'mon Marriott - you can do better!
Our stay here was pretty good. It was pretty quiet in spite of there being a lot of people there. The room was overall clean, although a small patch of mold was in the bath tub. Also, the pool sides had some sort of reddish residue all over it. It has likely not had a deep cleaning in a while,... More
This place and the staff are wonderful! ! From the moment we checked in (on July 4th), the staff treated us like family. Wonderful hospitality. There is a grocery store right next door which is super convenient. However, there are also some great places to eat close by. The room was very comfortable and the exercise room was great!! Overall,... More
We stayed overnight on 09/11/15 and were very pleased. We used the pool which was small but not cold. The hot tub was hot but not scalding or lukewarm. Fitness center small but newer treadmill and elliptical. Two tv's one for sitting area and one for bedroom. also had microwave, small fridge and sink. Beds were fine.. Breakfast was very... More
This was a quiet and comfortable hotel, and the room was great! The price was excellent, too. And I am not kidding when I say that it was the most comfortable mattress that I've just about ever slept on--better than my one at home, for certain. The pool area was nice and clean, too, and lots of fun. The brunch... More
Spent a week here during a visit to the area. The hotel is located convenient to area malls and restaurants. Hourly shuttle service is available to and from the Mayo clinic. The suites consist of a nice living room / kitchenette, bathroom and bedroom. All are a nice size for the two of us. The complimentary breakfast had a nice... More
We stayed here during the annual pool tournament held just across the street. We had a one bedroom suite. Parking lot was very small. I was surprised to see a trailer parked in the lot taking up three spots on such a busy weekend! We were greeted by a friendly front desk guy and check-in went fast. The room was... More
Right off the highway this little place is newly built, clean and quiet, close to surrounding cities without being right in town. Manager was really helpful when we called to book the stay. Glad we found it...will be staying again soon!
Hotel is very clean. Beds were really awsome, had a good night rest. The staff was friendly. Motel was affordable. Fyi, drive into Cloquet, MN for a decent meal. Nothing good to eat in Carlton. We will be staying here again.
We have stayed a few times and have enjoyed ourselves every time. Our only complaint is that we wish they would stick with the train theme throughout rather than having the train building and lobby with various themes for the rooms themselves. Make them all train themed rooms!
We found this lovely little hideaway on a trip back from one of our many trips along the North Shore. We stopped in to take a look at this novel inn. We were instantly enamored with the charm that the Inn has. We just recently booked a 2 night stay and are most definitely taken with the hospitality and amenities... More
From the outside you would expect dull and dingy but on the inside it rivals many boutique hotels. Rooms are small but comfortable. Personnel are friendly. Well appointed and clean. I have stayed at this hotel about 4 or 5 times the last 2-3 years...More
We first stayed at Smitty's three or four years ago, and we have since stayed there at least once a year. It is a place that draws one back. Smitty's is not modern, but it is rustic and lovely. The family who operate it know how to make you feel comfortable and welcome. In the evening guests gather in the... More
Thank you Best Western Staff, especially Lindsey and Mike. Awesome customer service, you helped return my daughter's school laptop. My daughter did not notice until 2 days later she forgot her laptop at the hotel. We called the hotel and worked with Mike to recover the laptop. He had additional help and we are so greatful they found the laptop.Honest... More
We have stayed here through the years (1996-2016) for various reasons. This last weekend we had rooms 110 112 which were very quiet and the King beds were very comfy. Breakfast was decent with real half and half on Saturday morning. It's an easy place to stay, and family friendly.
I stay in hotels a lot for work with a minimum of 2 weeks, I have been staying with them since November 30th and this hotel has been the BEST by far!!!! A big shout out to Mike, Taye, Alyssa,Lori, and all the staff I did not mention they made me feel at home from the moment I walked in... More
This is a great hotel. Alyssa, at the front desk is great. If you are in St. Paul, you need to stay here! Easy parking, close to food and ice rink. I highly recommend it. I like to stay in this neat, old train works.
Hotel is adequate but nothing special. Rooms need some updating but beds are good. Low ceilings make the rooms seem smaller than they really are. Parking ramp needs repaving and is in lousy condition. Staff is helpful and friendly. Faux-rail theme plays into the history of the area which was once a locomotive repair shop.
I stayed here for several nights. The service was excellent, they helped with my stay anyway they could and only charged for extra service rarely. I used their shuttle and it was always on time and glad to be there in the worst conditions.
It's always so hot in the rooms. I stay down there every 3 months or so for medical appointments, and always loved it. The architecture is really cool, and it's close to where I need to be. I haven't stayed there though due to their heating and cooling being out of whack. If it ever gets fixed, I would be... More
Stayed here one night while in town for business. Only saving grace is it was only for one night. Hotel is in the midst of construction and they appear to be updating the lobby. Unfortunately they have not updated the rooms or the beds since 1954. The bed was unbelievable for a hotel. A huge crater in the middle of... More
We chose this hotel based upon price and the availability of an affordable park and fly rate. It's pretty much what you'd expect for a hotel at this price point adequate. The desk clerks were courteous but, frankly, could use a pep talk on appearance because all of their uniforms were quite disheveled. This property says it is currently... More
I almost always stay at Super8s when I travel. This was my first time at this property and it was the least desirable of any I have stayed at. The only room available when I made the reservation was an accessible one. That's fine, I have used those before. The handheld shower head in this one would not stay straight.... More
We have been staying at the Bloomington, MN Super 8 at least one or twice a year and it used to be a good experience. On Saturday, January 16th of 2016, it was not so great. The room we were in had several big issues. Originally, it started out with the room not wanted to warm up. The thermometer I... More
This was a very clean room with plenty of room. The parking lot seems a bit small though. It only took about five minutes to drive to the Mall of America. There is also a shuttle that will take you there every two hours.
Outside of building and location was decent. Not too far from the Mall of America. Decent room rate for that area. Front desk area was acceptable. Hallway was narrow, dark, and smelled. Room was recently remodeled and nice minus the leaking faucet in the tub. Dogs welcome which is nice, but a dog peed on the floor in the font... More
Location is good only 5 minutes from the MSP airport by shuttle. Easy check in and out. Hotel in undergoing renovation so it will only be better
Great place to stay before or after a flight. They are in the process of remodeling and it looks really nice! Husband forgot his phone in the room. The night desk clerk was nice enough to retrieve the phone and secure it in the manager's office until our return flight. Great staff!
Our room was clean and comfortable. The bed was also comfortable. The staff was very courteous and helpful.
Wanted to do Park and Fly but they wanted 11 a day for Parking which we thought was very excessive. I was grossed out by the sheets, there were yellow spots on them. Room dark and dingy. People at front counter very abrupt, borderline rude. Won't be staying at this Super 8 ever again.
We needed an affordable park and stay for an extended trip (our son got married in Mexico!) and this Super 8 met those needs perfectly. It covered the amount of days we required and gave us a beginning and end point before traveling again, which was also perfect! It took the stress off of rushing and allowed us to relax... More
We stayed here after going to an auction. It is being renovated and they are doing a good job. Entrance look great. We stayed on the 3rd floor. Found out that it is the smoking floor but has non smoking rooms on it. The hall was smokey. The room was good, though. The new design looks good and is fresh... More
Staff were very pleasant, helpful, understanding. The enviroment there was appreciated very much. Overall I enjoy my stay. It's not too expensive if booked during the right time.
Friendly staff, nice room and good location. Upgrades were not as promised, shuttle service could have been better. The van was full and one or more people were left behind, 2nd van was available but not put into service.
It is conveniently located right across from the mall. We were able to get around very easily from this location. The room was very comfortable. The beds and pillows were heavenly and we all slept good. It was also very quiet. We would stay again.
The location of the hotel was easy to find and close to new development. The lobby was very clean and inviting and the staff was very friendly. We stayed in a very spacious room with comfortable beds and a clean bathroom as well. These are all very important things for me when I chose a place to stay, specially for... More
This was a nice hotel. Doing updates and bed was comfortable. The front desk manager check me in and was so nice and so friendly!! Room was very comfortable!!! Outback steakhouse was wi wonderful!! I would definitely go back
We have been to Maplelag several times. Back when the boys were is school we went every winter. This year was a trip down memory lane - only problem was lack of snow but we still skied about 45 km in three days
If you're ever near Detroit Lakes, MN and you love to xc ski, check out this gem. Great trails, great staff, and a pristine setting. We have not yet stayed there but plan to do so next winter. They also allow mountain biking and we can't wait to get back tor that. This is a Gem.
The hotel is nice and clean and the staff is very nice and helpful. The room was nice and we couldn't hear anything from the room next door it was awesome. Continental breakfast was exactly what it says.
