Stayed here for 3 nights, arrived at 8.30pm, and was given the key by a male person who answered the door bell (he didn't say who he was). Found our room on the 3rd floor, but there were no lights on on in the room, and it took me ages in the dark to find the lamps!! Not the warmest welcome!!The room was huge and beautifully decorated, and the bed was comfy. The room looked onto Commonwealth Ave. which was nice, but there was lots of noise, especially in the mornings. The bathroom was a little dated, and needed a bit of sprucing up. Very clean otherwise. The breakfast is continental, and there were homemade cookies available from about 4pm, and unlimited tea and coffee. There is no TV in the bedroom, but we didn't mind.Fantastic location, easy walk to Bostom Common and local restaurants. We parked at Boston Common garage, lots of parking, and cost around 25 per day.
This lovely Victorian house was steeped in history. The furniture and decorations I remembered as a child visiting my great aunts. They were very well kept and fitted the surrroundings. We asked for a king bed and they were able to accommodate us by rearranging a room for us. They also have an elevator for use on the upper floors. The location is fantastic as it is one block from the Public Gardens, Newbury street and is located on Commonwealth Ave, a wonderfull place for a stroll. Available 24 hours is coffee or tea(many choices) and homemade cookies. We had chocolate chip and raisin oatmeal cookies. Breakfast was in a cheery dining room and was continental fare but tasty. The staff were helpful with information, calling taxis and recommendations for activities.
My husband and I stayed here in early June where I was attending a college reunion. Full disclosure...I lived next door for six years and am very partial to the neighborhood. That said, the location is near perfect, close to the Public Garden ,the upscale shops on Newbury Street and Copley Place, Trinity Church, Beacon Hill and an easy walk to the Arlington T Station which will get you almost anywhere easily. It is also very convenient to a host of outstanding restaurants. The Club itself is located in a historic Brownstone and therefore offers only a limited number of rooms. the doubles are very large with newly renovated baths the singles are small and share a bath. The rooms have no TV, but do have WiFi. The office staff is outstanding...knowledgeable about Boston and very friendly. They are present only during the day and after hours, guests enter with a code. Breakfast choices are limited, but sufficient and there is amazingly good coffee from a machine. If you are looking for luxury of the Four Seasons variety, this will not be your cup of tea, but if you are looking for quiet clean accommadations, a bit of Olde Boston and a fabulous residential location, you won't do any better than this. And did I mention that it is a bargain
Back Bay is an excellent place to stay in Boston, and this hotel is lovely. Don't expect mod cons, although you have everything you need. The rooms are decked out with lovely antique furniture, enormous marble bathrooms and delicious cookies and a continental breakfast included (also they have a coffee machine that makes reasonable strong coffee that's good to get you going in the morning). I stayed in a single room that shared a bathroom with one other room. The room was small, with a single bed, but the bed was comfortable and big enough for one. I peeked into one of the double rooms one day I was there and it was enormous with a private bathroom, so if you want to spend the extra cash, or if there's more than one, then that would be a good option. The service was pretty minimal, but then I didn't really need anything while I was there, and when I did speak to the staff they were friendly enough. The area is a short walk to downtown, and you have lots of excellent cafes, shops and restaurants in Back Bay. My top tip for food and shops is Newbury Street. A lovely tree-lined street with old brownstones converted into shops, cafes and restaurants. Walking from one end to the other, near the public gardens end is all up-market designer stores, but keep walking and you go past the usual round of high street stores before hitting the funky end a bit further on.
We stayed 2 nights in August 2012 and from the onset had amazing service from Donald. It was a busy weekend in Boston due to a conference and he helped us find another hotel for the 1st night and with car rental (to drive to Maine). We were on the top floor (5th floor) and enjoyed our room, it was spacious and had a lovely window nook/bench to read and look down at commonwealth ave. The bed, bathroom and furnishings were nice as was the breakfast. My husband's celiac and they had many options for him, which we are always thankful for. The location is great with wonderful dining and site seeing. Recommend for dinner (Artu 75 Chestnut) as we're foodies. Highlights were the freedom trail, Old Iron sides a tour of the Trinity Church.
I agree with a previous reviewer that the College Club is a hidden gem. It is located on a quiet street in the Back Bay about a block to the beautiful Public Garden. I drove into Boston and was able to easily find the College Club using the clear directions on their website. (Make sure you get the door code before arriving if you arrive when the office is not open. I neglected to read that part of my reservation, so the College Club called me with the code.) The staff was very helpful, and my twin/single room was immaculate. The bed was clean and comfortable, and I had a great night's sleep. The continental breakfast was good. I peeked into one of the double rooms the next morning when the maid was cleaning. The double rooms are very spacious. My twin room was small, but plenty of room for one person. Each room was individually decorated by a professional designer. I loved my stay at the College Club.
We had breakfast and lunch over several days and the food was fantastic. The staff is wonderful and the rooms are beautiful! The weather sucked, but that isn't under the control of management. I look forward to staying there again.
This is not like a traditional BB. What you do get: a big room (we had a queen size bed on the top floor) with private bathroom, a continental breakfast, a fabulous location (5 mins from the Public Gardens, 10 mins from Boston Common and in the heart of the Back Bay district)What you don't get: any interaction with the owners (they're all staff), a sense of being important to the business, TV in your room (not necessary, but. Some probably want that) or wireless in your room.The college club is primarily run for the benefit of its patrons and they seem to believe that holding talks., breakfasts and various fundraisers is the raisin d'tre of the establishment. So, you can feel a bit like an add on to the place as a guest. The staff are pleasant enough when you engage them, but don't expect them to be terribly welcoming without encouragement. The Club has hit on the idea that renting the rooms out will help defray their costs, but frankly the guests are not their focus.However, accept that for what it is (get used to having to use the lifts when there's a meeting on as the stairs are closed to guests) and embrace the location, size of rooms and the value. It's all good, you just. Won't find a host waiting on your every whim.
I love places like this. A little quirky, a little old world, and quite surprising. I would stay here again without hesitation. The only drawback was that the street outside my window had dustbins in it and the trucks came quite early (and loudly) to collect them. But this is a small price to pay for such a special place to say. Highly recommended!
The staff is almost absent, but we don't really care (some much more kind than others!). The room we stayed is very very large and the bed king size. Breakfast was simple and unlike advertised cool drinks were not available 24/24 (except water).There is a Wifi network but very unstable and almost unsuable (even in the dinning room).Globally nice place to stay (but a little too expensive regarding the none existing service!)
I thoughly enjoyed my stay at the College Club! I was visiting my brother in the Boston area who is quite ill, and your lovely and charming BB allowed me just the peace and quiet I needed at such a time. Additionaly, I thought the decor perfectly kept the charm of old Boston. I had no problem with the shared bath as everything was aways left clean and neat, in fact I didn't even know anyelse had been in it. The 24 hr. coffeetea was very nice as was the delicious breakfast, and on fine china and real silver! Wonderful! I would definately stay there again.
You cannot beat this hotel for location. On Commonwealth Ave, near a green, the oldest garden in the country, and two blocks from the green line on Boston's metro. A beautiful brownstone with loads of history. We were in the Connecticut which is a very large and beautifully appointed room. The staff was friendly and accommodating. Our water pressure was just passable, although our friends who were in another big room called Boston University had good pressure, so it seems to vary. We had a lovely view of the green while they had a view of the back of buildings. I'm sure each room has its pros and cons. The only shocker was that they didn't supply bar soap and shampoo. It didn't even occur to me that such a nice hotel would not supply basics like that. The four of us had to take time to find a CVS Pharmacy and stock up.The bed in our room was strange. I have never heard such a noisy bed when getting in and out of it. Creaking and moaning when I first sat down I thought I had a sleepless night ahead of me. However, once in bed, the mattress noises were minimal when moving around, it was just the getting in and out that was deafening.Other than that, I enjoyed my stay there and would consider them again the next time I'm in Boston.
We were really looking forward to staying here. Unfortunately it was surprisingly disappointing. The room itself was very large and picturesque so we cant complain about this but the noise from outside made sleeping impossible some nights. The windows are obviously not double glazed so the noise from sirens was incredibly loud as they went up the street right outside the window. Also no television in the room. I think thats a must now. We dont watch a lot but the option would have been great. Mostly though accommodation is about the people and we felt like intruders in someones house. No good mornings or how was your day when we came in. We realise it was not a hotel so dont expect that level of service but a hello would be nice. Such a shame its in a great location. Sally,I am sorry to hear that you felt unwelcome here at The College Club. We do try to greet guests daily and are always available in person, or by telephone after office hours, to hear and address concerns. We appreciate you bringing your concern to light here and will work to do better in the future. It is true that the noise from outside can, at times, be unsettling. It is an unfortunate fact of being situated on a major thoroughfare in a populated area. Some guests are accustomed to it, some are not. Had we known of your trouble sleeping we would certainly have moved you to a room on an upper floor or away from the street. There is a television in the breakfast room which guests are welcome to use at any time day or evening. We do hope that, overall, your trip to Boston was enjoyable and would welcome the opportunity to have you as guests should you return.
I was drawn to this BB by the pic of the hall on its website. During my stay, the hall was not opened for any events. i did not have the chance to get a glimpse of the beautifully decorated event hall. The Bb is located in Backbay area-a safe district for females to walk alone in the evening. All the rooms are named after individual colleges decorated by different interior designers. I did not particularly like the decor of my tufts room-too masculine in feel. Nonetheless, the BB is unique in that it has a philanthropic mission. The college club awards scholarships to able needy students. Great place to stay in great chance to support needy students!
For years I have been looking for a place to stay in Boston that is near the Commons/Public Gardens, is classic Boston, and affordable. I finally found it with the College Club of Boston. It is a four story brownstone (with elevator) a block off the Public Gardens on Commonwealth Ave which is one of the most beautiful streets in the city. It is in the Back Bay right next to Beacon Hill. The staff was very helpful. The rooms were charming and big. It's old and not fancy, but for the price we paid at the College Club, the Parker House sticks you in a converted broom closet. Three sets of friends met in Boston and stayed at the College Club, and we all loved it and would stay there again.
From comparison shopping for lodging in the Back Bay, I knew that The College Club of Boston represented a great value, but I was even more pleased upon arrival to see my extremely spacious room (Smith) with a bay window looking out on Commonwealth Ave,...More
This is, indeed, a hidden gem! Great neighborhood within two blocks of the pretty Public Garden, and within a block of great shops and restaurants. I had a single room with very high ceilings with a shared bath and it was cozy, had pretty antique furniture, including a desk, a small chest of drawers, a chair and a four-poster bed. Amenities included a hairdryer, an alarm clock and a CD player with music CDs provided, plus free wifi. The walls are very thick, so you don't hear anything from next door rooms. Everything was clean. The bathroom was very clean, white/grey marble, with strong shower. I never had any conflict with using the bathroom. The public rooms are limited and a little worn, but perfectly adequate. I don't know how the breakfast was as I didn't avail myself of it. The reception was basic and not overly friendly, but I only saw one person ever. The rest of the time I came and went without any sense that anyone worked there or manned the entrance, since you are given an entrance code upon check in. It makes you feel like it's more of a condo/hostel set up, which is fine. I would definitely recommend this place--and have already!
We had a great night's stay at the College Club of Boston- the building is beautiful, the room was gorgeous and the decor is really incredible. It had everything we needed, and the location is amazing, it's central to everything you could need, right in the middle of the park and garden, near one of the biggest shopping and dining streets in Boston, and surrounded by historic sights. It's private and romantic, I would recommend it to anyone!
Just the best location on a tree-lined street within easy walking distance of the subway and major shopping. More like a B and B than a hotel, it offers pleasant accommodating staff and a homey old-fashioned ambiance. We stayed in the Simmons room which was spacious with a lovely modern bathroom and lots of seating including a chaise. No A/C in 86 degree heat, but they provided a large fan and it was not unpleasant. A wedding and party during our stay, but little noise or disruption. Breakfast in a small pleasant dining room offers a simple but expansive breakfast and having a good coffee machine available anytime and nice cookies in the pm was a nice touch. One thing to remember...best to obtain the keypad code for entry just in case you arrive after hours or on a weekend. We picked the College Club from the Tripadvisor reviews and felt the cleanliness, staff, and peace and qquiet made up for the slow Wi-Fi and lack of A/C in our bedroom.
Positives:- The room was absolutely spectacular. We loved the room that we were assigned. High ceilings, plenty of space, great decor. Historic photographs, views of the skyline. It was just awesome.- Nice locations near the Public Gardens and walkable to restaurants and attractions- The building felt historic and full of characterNegatives:- The parking situation was absolutely awful. Parking was only available at the Boston Common garage for a fee of 30-something a day, which isn't so bad, but the distance from the hotel is very far and in an underground garage. This really detracted from the overall experience and we wouldn't recommend it to others that have driven a car to the hotel. I would say stay at this hotel if you do not have a car with you.- Hotel staff were average, we did not feel welcomed by any of them.- The breakfast was poor - low quality food and some cheap automatic coffee maker
Stayed here 2 nights recently. I thought it was just okay, picked it for price compared to other hotels in the area.Pros:Spacious room (would be a studio if this were an apt)Great location, steps away from the Boston Public Garden, Newberry St, etcGood value, given location and sizeCons:Kinda shabby (not chic): I guess this might pass as quaint victorian to some but it could use a little shine. Everything creaked. By which I mean every single step up and down the stairs, and in my room, and every time I rolled over in bed (which was 2 singles pushed together to make a king).Both:Plumbing: on the plus side, great rainfall showerhead, modern toilet and sink. On the minus side, the shower seemed to have two temps, really hot and even hotter and while the sink fixtures seemed stable, the hardware parts unseen shuddered every time I turned the water on.Breakfast: plentiful, chobani yogurts. But otherwise pedestrian (grocery store breads/bagels/cereal/granola), grape jelly, under-ripe cantalope/honeydew fruit cup, hardboiled eggs.As a solo female traveler who arrived after hours, I would suggest to management putting people's initials or reservation on the envelope with keys that's left in the foyer, rather than writing out guest's names.
This is a lovely bed and breakfast. Note it's not a hotel, so if you are used to room service and a porter, don't bother. It's a lovely place that was decorated with a lot of care. The dining room is comfortable and the place offers a very nice and diverse breakfast. It's noticeable that much care has gone into presenting it well. I had a room with a single bed. The room was very small, but again I thought it was lovely. In keeping with the overall appearance of the BB, the room decoration was very old fashioned. Bathroom was shared, but kept fantastically clean. I would definitely stay here again.Thank you. We look forward to seeing you again soon!
The College Club of Boston is well-established, and has beautiful bedrooms which are very comfortable indeed...I booked a single room with shared bath, and was delighted to be ungraded to a large double room with private bath...The whole place smacked of class, and intellect...I just loved it...Edith the Club Secretary, and Donald, the resident Caretaker, were lovely people, ready to almost anything to help, and I felt very much at home...I shall definitely return to no 426 which I am reliably told is one of the best rooms in the house!Jane,Thanks for your kind words! We look forward to seeing you again as time permits.
The CCB is located on Commonwealth Ave, and less than a block from the Boston Public Garden. I appreciated the location and the pretty boulevard in a residential area. This is a classy looking brownstone, with elegant furnishings. The hotel was full when we stayed, yet so quiet. There is not a constant bustle of staff and guests. The service was just right. The room and bathroom were spacious and nicely furnished. We liked the homey touches of CDs and books in the room. I will definitely stay here again.
First, the place is located in a great place. And the woman who greeted me was very very helpful and nice. However, if you're on a business trip and need the ammenities that come with a well-stocked hotel, this place is not for you. I had a single room on the top floor (4th floor), I had no air-conditioning, no fan, and the window didn't create air flow in the room (when the temperature was 80 degrees outside, the room was much warmer). I'm not quite sure what the other reviews mean when they say all the rooms are huge because I had a really small room, with a twin bed that barely fit me. The WIFI was worse than the modem I used in 1997 and I barely could get anything done on my computer (I couldn't even check in for my flight on my computer). There is no television in your room. I had to share a bathroom with other people (which is fine), but it's nice to have your own, especially when you're running around to get out the door fast. One morning, I had to leave around 6 AM, and I think I actually stood naked in the shower for about 5 minutes for the water to get hot. I guess this place would be great if you just needed a base camp for your time in Boston. I was there for job interviews (and I thought I could save some money), but I actually regret it since one night, the room was so hot, I think I only had 2-3 hours of sleep.
This is a wonderful bed breakfast in the heart of Boston. Location couldn't be more perfect, and the rooms are great. The decor is rather traditional, so don't come here if you're looking for chic and modern! You also won't get a TV, but you will get an over sized room (the double rooms are big, single rooms, not as much), with tall ceilings, beautiful furniture, a great bathroom and a nice comfortable bed. If you do get a single room, you'll have a shared bathroom. But fear not, its super clean and you'll be sharing with one other person at most.Overall, this place is a tremendous value, especially considering the location. Staff is friendly, and the breakfast in the morning has all the basics to get your day started just right. Recommended!
