My partner and I booked this hotel expecting a high-end luxury experience. What we found was a rather worn and tattered, rock-n-roll hotel with a dated atmosphere. The room was clean, but again, a little worn. The service was okay, but our room was not ready when we arrived a bit early, but we were told it would not be ready for over an hour AFTER check-in time. We were able to check our bags at the desk, and we went for an early cocktail, but chose another place once we saw the kind of seedy bar. Room service was quick, but the food was just average. I have a feeling this outpost of the W brand is in for a major shakeup. The price of rooms here is high, and I just don't see why. We also stayed at the Hyatt Olive 8, and the experience was MUCH better. I would skip the W Seattle. You will not get what you pay for.Hello JJHappyTraveler, many thanks for your recent review on your stay at W Seattle. We apologize that we missed the mark with you and your partner. Our goal is to provide a fabulous experience for our guests, and when we fall short of that, we take it very seriously. Thank you for providing feedback, as we use all comments to improve the guest experience. We do hope you will give us another try and allow us to WOW you as you should have been this time. Thanks again.
Picked the W for a weekend trip with my boyfriend and wanted to stay somewhere trendy downtown. We were most impressed with the bar - friendly service and great menu (tater tots poke plate were fab!). Booked a spectacular room with a view. View was just looking at a big building (see pic), not a cityscape like I hoped, but I suppose thats the nature of being downtown. Probably would save money on that next time. No fan in bathroom so there was some humidity in there. I also requested a 4pm check out but they could only do 1pm. No big deal and wed still stay here again. Great location and lot of food/drink options within walking distance as well. Thank you for taking the time to share your review Lisabonvoyage, we're happy to hear you enjoyed your stay with us and were able to take advantage of our location.
The rooms were functional but not of the W quality I'd expect. I'm a SPG gold member and was treated nicely and had complimentary drinks but I doubt I'd stay at this property again. its close to the trains and is walkable to pike market but that's all I can say for the hotel. They need any/better art work on the walls. A little texture could help too. I'm not an interior designer or anything close but I know I can do better.Hello KevnLA310, Thank you so much for your response on your recent experience at W Seattle. Our apologies that it wasn't the experience that you had hoped it would be. We do appreciate all of the constructive feedback, as we are always looking for more ways to make our guests' experience more enjoyable.
We had a nice room - view wasn't the greatest (looking at a parking garage). Hotel location was great - near many things including the Farmers Market. Staff was great! - very helpful. Mykaela helped us along the way answering a bunch of questions and checked us out - remembered us by name! Kyle helped - and booked a tour for us. Cleaning staff had the room immaculate every day. All in all, a great visit!Hello RZ52,Thank you for your feedback. I am happy you enjoyed your stay and service of the hotel. I hope your travels bring you back some time soon!Warmest Regards,Nadia
I stayed here 1 night for an overnight layover in Seattle. The hard product isn't particularly special, but my entry-level room was decent, with a comfortable bed, good lighting, conveniently located power outlets, and modern yet unoffensive decor. The view wasn't bad either, with the Space Needle visible in the distance as well as a comfortable couch by the window. In contrast, the bathroom was mediocre, with a shower/tub combo, relatively weak water pressure, and sterile design compared to the rest of the room/hotel. I did have to call to request slippers as I couldn't find any in the room, but they were delivered swiftly.In the past I have steered clear of W hotels due to the impression that they are more style than substance, but the service here was actually very good. I was warmly greeted upon check-in by the friendly clerk, and the concierge desk was also more than happy to recommend some nearby places for a quick dinner (I ended up going with Heartwood Provisions, which was excellent).Hello Oliver L, thank you for your review on your recent stay at W Seattle! We are thrilled that although it wasn't expected, you loved our service! Our team works hard to make sure our guests are well taken care of, and it sounds like you were. Also, thank you for your other comments as we are always looking for new ways to improve our guest experiences, so it is very valuable. Thanks again!
Stayed at the W Seattle hotel for 2 nights and had an excellent experience. It was my first time staying at a W hotel property and am definitely going back. From the first point of contact at the front desk (I think the woman who checked us in was namedMikala), to the restaurant staff, and housekeeping - everyone was so welcoming and kind. The rooms were very modern and clean. Good amount of space and great amenities. Hotel is conveniently located within blocks of Pike Place, restaurants, and shopping. I prefer to not stay too close to Pike Place because of the crowds. Starbucks is located right across the street, which is great if you need coffee every morning. Not sure when I'll be back in Seattle, but I'm definitely staying at another W property soon. Thank you for your comments Elisa, I will share them with our talent at the Welcome Desk and Trace Restaurant. We do hope your travels take you to Seattle again soon and we are certain you will enjoy your next W Experience as well.
The same feel and vibe of other W hotels though lighting in room was better than others I have been in. Love the Bliss products. Didn't try the bar or restaurant this time but have in the past. Was decent.Hello Debra R, thank you for your review of your recent stay at W Seattle. We are so pleased that you enjoyed your stay. Our team works hard at making sure our guests have a great experience here, so all feedback is incredibly important to us. Thanks again and we hope to welcome you back next time you are in the city.
W Hotel is a fun and energized hotel because its design. I like W's location and the Bar because I can easily go to many stores and the pike place, and I can enjoy my drink while I enjoy the music, which denoted by DJ. I believe you would fall in love with this young energy musical style W Hoel. Hello Erica C, we are so pleased that you enjoyed your first trip to Seattle, and that you decided to stay with us on your first trip! We agree with you on the location of the hotel, so close to so many of Seattle's hotspots! We do hope you will come back to Seattle and stay with us again! Thank you!
I have been staying at the W Seattle since 2010 and have never stayed anywhere else in Seattle as I enjoy my stay. The rooms are clean and comfortable, the cool corners are very nice. The staff over all these years is consistently hospitable and friendly. And the location is ideal, easily accessible to all of Seattle. I very much recommend you give it a try, and maybe you too will become a regular.Hi there foodplan!Thank your for sharing your kind words and feedback! It means a lot when we can have someone stay with us for as long and consistently as you have. Please keep us informed on all your future stays go, because we hope it's as good as all the previous ones.Jana
Check the boxes for a great location and a clean room. That said, this W seems to lack the pop that other W's have. There's nothing special, trendy, or quirky about the rooms. .. a bit of a disappointment. I was also a bit put off by not having a coffee pot available in the room. Although there was coffee available in the lobby, I prefer to get up and make my own. No big deal. In fact, none of this is a big deal... it's just not what I expected when I booked based upon past W experiences. Yes, I'd stay there again.Hello,Thank you very much for your feedback. Hope to see back soon!Thank you,Nadia
This W is in the heart of all the action. I got a mega suite which overlooks the bay and the city and had a great leather chair to look out the window. The property is in line with most W's, hip, with upbeat energy. The only downside is there is no Bliss spa. The Trace restaurant offered a wide variety of great food. The bartenders were on point, fast, friendly and attentive. The MOD, Anthony was very kind in fixing an issue with my bill, as well as Bryan, who checked me in. Tyler, the bellman was extremely efficient with my luggage at check-in and check-out. I will definitely stay again. Breakfast was very good as well as the service. The housekeeping was on point daily and cleaned my room when I requested, which is not always the case in a lot of SPG properties. Hello Amber D, many thanks for your response on your recent stay at W Seattle. We are thrilled that you enjoyed your stay and loved the hotel. Our team works hard to make sure our guests have a great experience, and it sounds like you did! We also agree with you, we would love to have a Bliss Spa as well! We looking forward to seeing you again!
As seasons ticket holders for the Seattle Seahawks, we typically drive down from Vancouver then drive back up after the game. This time, we decided to make a night of it and stay at The W Seattle. Received a pre-stay message from W Insider, Mykaela, with great dining recommendations near the hotel. As it was our first night away from our baby boy, I replied back to Mykaela to see if she could set up a special surprise for my girlfriend. She replied back and was excited to help out with my little request. When we arrived, we were welcomed by Rachel, who was inviting and funny, and got us into our room. When we entered the corner room with a west view, right on the desk was a amenity and card from Mykaela, wishing us a happy anniversary, along with the little surprise for my girlfriend a stylishly framed picture of her and our baby boy so that she wouldn't miss him too much. After checking in and refreshing from the drive, a short walk took us to Century Link Field, just in time for kickoff. After a win for the Seahawks over the Eagles, we walked around the city, popped into a little Mexican joint for dinner, then back up to the room to enjoy the city view and Stellina Di Notte amenity.The next morning on our way out, as we were waiting for the elevator, the room attendant on the 17th floor greeted us from another room and thanked us for staying. Nice acknowledgement.At check out, Mykaela was at the desk and got the chance to thank her in person for the personalized service. Stored our bags for the morning to grab brunch, before heading back up to Vancouver. Short but really sweet stay. Thanks W Seattle...and Go Seahawks.WOW, what a fabulous review, and I am thrilled that we were able to make it special for you both! And we agree, Mykaela IS amazing, and we are thrilled to have her on our team! We appreciate you staying at W Seattle, and we hope to see you back next time you are in the city! Thanks again and GO HAWKS!
Spectacular lobby and very friendly staff. Good bar and attentive service and they mix a damn fine martini. If you're looking for any sort of view at the end of the day - take a 3 block walk to the waterfront and enjoy - because there's not a view to be had from your room.(we had 6 people there in all different rooms) It is a great location - close to most of the best spots in Seattle. The rooms are comfortable, but not worth the non-corporate rates. I would have been embarrassed to charge breakfast on my corporate card because it was so overpriced. So avail yourself to one of the many coffee shops.Hello Michael C, thank you so much for your feedback. I am very pleased to hear that you enjoyed W Seattle, and yes we agree that our martinis are amazing! Our staff pride themselves on great customer service, so I am pleased to hear that you thought so as well. Also, thank you for your comments on our pricing, hearing that helps us to understand our guests more, and make changes to improve our guests experience. We hope on your next trip, you will visit again, and enjoy another fine martini!
Love the W Seattle, it is close to everything in downtown and the service at the hotel is great. We had a nice time in the bar/restaurant as well. It is a great area to hang out and relax as well as talk to friends. The bed was very comfortable and the room quiet and clean.Hello ggpmb, many thanks for your fabulous review of your recent stay at W Seattle. We are thrilled that you had a great time and enjoyed the hotel so much! Our team works hard to make sure that our guests have a great experience, and it sounds like you did! We hope to welcome you back next time you are in the city. Thanks again!
Even though I've worked for a W property in the past, I had never stayed in one as a guest so I was super excited when we had enough points saved up for a 2 night stay at the W Seattle for our 1st anniversary. Upon arrival, Nina (super sweet and friendly) assisted us and let us know that our room was not ready yet so they stored our luggage and said they would email us when it was ready. We never received an email but headed back around 4pm and it was ready. They had defeathered the room per our SPG profile and even upgraded us to a Cool Corner Room. I was so excited! Their W Insider (concierge) had emailed us prior to the trip and asked if we were celebrating anything special. We told them it was our anniversary and he was able to upgrade us as a surprise. Along with the upgrade, was a bottle of champagne on ice and some homemade gummy bears which totally put a smile on our faces. That's hospitality at its finest. The room was super clean and the view was amazing with 4 large windows. The room also had a really nice chaise lounge that couple be separated into 2 seats or combined for 1 lounge. It was really comfy. The W mattress is also really comfy and I liked that the bed was lower to the ground. The AC was also really quiet which provided us 2 nights of really good sleep. In the evenings, they had live music in the Living Room and after 9pm they had a DJ so it was sort of a party atmosphere at night but no noise could be heard from the room aside from city street noise. Overall, we had a great experience. The staff always greeted us when we walked by and the valet guys always opened the doors for us. I hope to visit again soon!PS- it's a 6 block walk to Pike Place Market. No need to rent a car as everything was within walking distance. WOW, thank you for sharing about your recent visit 882triciam, we appreciate the opportunity to be part of such a special event! It sounds like you were able to take advantage of our location to check-out everything Seattle has to offer, including some live local music in the Living Room. The team works hard to make sure our guests every need is met and I'll be sure to share this with them.
We had a lovely stay. The room was lovely, beds very comfy, air conditioning good, nice modern decor, bathroom and toiletries lovely. Bar food and staff lovely. Super central location - All in all a lovely place.Thank you for sharing feedback about your recent visit Amelmato, we're so glad you enjoyed your stay.
Convenient to everything downtown. A Starbucks across the street. Early check-in wasn't a problem. Complimentary New York Times. Spacious room with a comfortable bed. Also an easy and enjoyable walk to Capitol Hill.Hello RPK16, many thanks for your response on your recent stay at W Seattle. We are thrilled that you enjoyed your stay and the hotel. We agree with you, that the location of the hotel is perfect, so close to almost all of Seattle's hotspots. We looking forward to seeing you again!
The room was far below my expectations. I arrived at 1am and was given a handicap room with chipped paint and generally not clean. I expect so much more from the W and so much more the cost. I think I would have had a better experience at the Hyatt or Marriott. Very disappointed Thank you for providing your feedback mandeez, I am sorry that we missed the mark with the room you received during your recent stay with us. We take these things seriously and will review with our staff in order to improve our service and your experience in the future.
The W's location was super convenient, just a few blocks from the Market and waterfront. The staff was so accommodating and helpful, the rooms were clean and spacious. Overall great experience and I will definitely come again one day!Thank you for the great review 886raquelj, we are glad you had the opportunity to take advantage of our great location and visit the Market and waterfront. We look forward to seeing you again on your next visit.
Note! If you drive a short box truck regular size you cannot valet! They said our truck was too back and told us to go to self park. Didn't offer to take our bags. 60 per night parking! We self parked next door for 39 per night and lugged our luggage down stairs. Front desk didn't care and they booked us in 2 doubles instead of one king. She upgraded us for 20 bucks. The corner rooms are cool! Robes, mini bar and lots of Windows. Rooms are great. Comfy bed. Cool lounge in hotel. Happy hour wine is 6 between 4-7. But service there was not that great either. Too bad. Nice stay just service could improve Hello,Thank you very much for your feedback. Be sure I will be following up on the issues you mention. Regarding parking, we offer valet parking 24 hour with unlimited in and out benefit, therefore the difference on price.Thank you very much for staying with us.Warm Regards,Nadia
Downtown hotel that was hard to find as entrance/parking garage is around the corner from the actual address. The sign out front is very small. Overnight parking is exhorbitant we used a garage 5 blocks away, although there are others closer by. Room was interesting L shape with view over street. Furnishings were all fine although 2 lightbulbs were burnt out. Staff was helpful, but busy. Pub next door is half the price (or less) than hotel restaurant. I noticed traffic noise, especially truck honking early in morning and siren that went by. Not a poor hotel, just not my style for visiting a city and making everything convenient.We appreciate the feedback jerryg, to make your next Seattle visit as convenient as possible I would be happy to connect you to our W Insider who can assist with local arrangements. We are glad you found our team helpful and we're working on some better signage for our entrance.
We'd stayed in this hotel about ten years ago, when it was very hip happening. Now, not so much. Still, the room was fine, the bedding good, and the cleanliness what you'd expect for a higher end hotel. Not sure what's up with the very loud air conditioning, though. Even on its lowest fan setting, the noise level was so high that my husband and I had to raise our voices to be heard. Overall, an okay experience in a hotel that used to be much more than okay.Hello,Thank you very much for your feedback. I am really sorry about your experience with the Air Conditioning in your room. Warmest regards,Nadia
I found this hotel quite comfortable to stay at. Business conditions required that I work overnight and sleep during the day, and the blackout curtain was quite effective at keeping out light. I almost never heard any noise from other rooms or the hallway either, and city noise was nonexistent away from the window (except for the occasional siren). Hotel staff was very helpful with any requests. The exercise room has a lot of equipment for workouts. The bed was very comfortable. Room service is a bit pricey.Hello Daniel S, many thanks for your great review on your recent stay at W Seattle. It sounds like you were BUSY while here! I am thrilled to hear that you enjoyed the black out shade as well as the room stayed nice and quiet for you to get some rest! We do look forward to welcoming you back next time you are in the city. Thanks again!
We had a great stay at the W. The vibe was Seattle cool with live music in Friday night in the lobby. Rooms were modern and clean. Great location to all the attractions, including the light rail from the airport Hello Caryn S, many thanks for your response on your recent stay at W Seattle. We are thrilled that you enjoyed your stay and the late night atmosphere! We agree with you, that the location of the hotel is perfect, so close to almost all of Seattle's hotspots. We looking forward to seeing you again!
Had a good stay at the W Seattle. Wanted to give a 3.5 rating for this hotel. Good and convenient location. About 15 minutes walk to Pike Place Market and 5 minutes to many shopping stores. Lots of restaurants/dining options nearby too. Stayed in a Spectacular room which were fairly spacious and modern. I liked the Bliss product toiletries in the rooms. There is a Nespresso machine in the room. They didn't have any tea/kettle though. Staff were friendly. Their whatever/whenever service is pretty efficient. Now for some of the cons. The temperature in the room was difficult to regulate. Every tiny adjustment would make the room either too hot or too cold. There aren't enough towel bars or hooks to hang towels in the bathroom. The gym was unkept. Noticed some used towels and opened water bottles laying around. Upon check out, we requested for a bellman and followed up two times and no one came. Ended up bringing everything down ourselves and noticed bellmen in the lobby who apparently weren't aware of our request. They were pretty friendly so not sure if it was just some miscommunication between the hotel staff. Had a good stay but not sure if I would stay here again because I wasn't wowed as much as I thought I would be staying at a W hotel. Might go back to staying at the Sheraton Seattle.Hello Kenneth L, thank you very much for your review of your recent stay at W Seattle. So glad to hear that you had a good stay, but I apologize that we missed the mark on some things for you! Our team works hard here to provide great customer service, so your feedback is incredibly valuable to us to improve those experiences! I do hope you will try us again next time and allow us to WOW you as we should have done this time. Thanks again.
Very friendly and service minded staff. Hotel is nice and modern, located only 10 minutes away from the popular fish market. Had a great stay here. Our drawbacks are minor, but iron and iron board was in very bad condition (hardly usable), water seemed too soft, low water pressure in the shower, and a USD 68/night valet brought it down from 5 to 4 for us.Hello HoustonAndre, thank you so much for your review on your recent stay at W Seattle. We are thrilled that you had a great time, and enjoyed the hotel. Thanks for sharing your feedback on the valet prices and the iron...my apologies that we missed the mark on those things for you! I do hope that we will see you back at the hotel next time! Thanks again!
This was our first time in Seattle. The first part of our stay was at another hotel but we had to change to the W due to availability. I wish we had just stayed the entire trip at the W. The staff was excellent and the room was amazing. We had a huge room on the 25th floor with a view of the sound as well as the Space Needle. This was the first time we actually spent a great deal of time in the room since the view was spectacular. I would absolutely stay there again should we return to Seattle. IN ALL CAPS TOO, I LOVE IT! We are thrilled that you ended up with us and LOVED it! We wish you would have been at W the whole time as well! The views from the room are AMAZING, we agree! Please let us welcome you back anytime! Thanks again!
I was impressed with this hotel from the first minute. The staff at the reception desk are immediately warm and inviting. Next I was wowed by the spacious room with a view. The room is beautifully decorated with a fresh modern feel. I love that the toiletries are from Bliss, another touch that makes you feel pampered at your home away from home. Thank you W!Climber37987589218 Thank you very much for your review! We look forward to welcoming you back next time you are in town!
Centrally located, close to Pike Place and other key points of interest. Room was spacious, but unfortunately, I really missed their wonderful Heavenly Beds! They must not have these beds at this location, as one of the receptionists hadn't even heard of the Heavenly Beds! Further, the water pressure in my room, located on the 10th floor, was abysmal despite having housekeeping try to make an adjustment to the shower head valve. The water pressure out of the shower head was incredibly poor. The check-in experience was awkward since I couldn't hear well, as I had a late check-in (10pm), and the check-in desk is located in the loud hotel bar, which was pumping with bass and loud music. It was sincerly shocking that Emma, the pleasant check-in receptionist, asked if I would be willing to forego daily cleaning service in exchange for 500 Westin points per night! It's bewildering that this arguably 'five-star' hotel would even suggest such an option for their guests. I'll likely be trying other hotels in the neighborhood on future trips that will hopefully have stronger, more satisfying water pressure.Hello WillinLa, thank you so much for your feedback on your recent stay at W Seattle. My apologies, as it sounds like we failed to meet your expectations during your stay. We are always striving to make our guests' experience an amazing one, so your comments are extremely valuable to us to ensure we can make that happen. I do hope you'll give us another try and allow us to WOW you as we should have the first time. Thanks again.
Hotel is very clean, beautiful and in perfect location. Love that you can walk everywhere but overnight parking is a bit pricing. I requested a view of Elliott Bay and pay a little extra to get the higher floor for the view, it was disappointing - NO VIEW! Overall the stay was comfortable and love the cleanliness of this hotel!
We stayed in two rooms for one week. The hotel IS IN the convention center. Had I know this, I would have booked at a smaller place. As a result, it was very crowded and there was no real personal attention. The rooms were clean and offered lovely views. Club level was worth it. Sadly, my young son lost his treasured baby blanket at the hotel. (we think in the laundry). And there were many many tears over that. I think more from me! We asked several times with several people, but it was never found. We are still heart broken.
We stayed here over New Years to celebrate our anniversary, and the hotel went out of their way to make our stay pleasurable. Not only did they provide great service, but we also had a killer view of Pike's Place and the Space Needle from our room. It's also in a great location where you can walk to everything (note though: parking is 30 a night in their parking garage, so you may want to find parking elsewhere). We will be back to stay here again.
We live in Seattle but needed to get the baby out of our condo while it was cleaned. He had been sick for two weeks and needed fresh air while our tiny place was being cleaned from top to bottom. The guy in reservations got us a hypoallergenic room with a gorgeous view, crib, baby bathtub and baby products for a discounted rate. Mommy baby got much needed RR. Thank you! We will be sending our friends and family to the Grand Hyatt for the great service, beautiful rooms and gorgeous view! Room 2319 was perfect!
I've found the Grand Hyatt to be a well located place to stay when visiting Seattle. The Pike Place Market, which is a must see, is a pleasant 10 minute stroll down the hill. Other tourist attractions e.g. the Seattle Wheel, the Aquarium etc, are approx a 20 minute walk. There are plenty of quaint places to eat including the larger franchise eateries close by.The rooms themselves are spacious and well equipped. The bathroom has a walk-in shower as well as a bath. There is a writing desk as well as a chair and ottoman, so you are able to relax and put your feet up.We were on the 27th floor, with a water view room. Nice outlook of Puget Sound.
The Hyatt is situated right in the city. Its a 5 minute walk to Pike Markets and the shopping district.The staff are really helpful. The rooms are pretty standard but the bathrooms are amazing!If you prefer a shower with 2 shower heads, one on either side, ask for a room with this option. My work colleague had a huge bath instead in theirs.Would definitely recommend.
My husband and I booked a room here over the past Thanksgiving for two nights when we flew in from North Idaho to celebrate the holiday with our son and his family. The room was comfortable and had nice amenities. Ruth Chris Steak House is attached to the hotel which serves fabulous meals. Expensive but very good quality. As with most Seattle hotels parking is very expensive-around 45 a day and even 30 to self park so our son picked us up when we arrived and then we took a town car when we had to return to the airport. 65 included tax and gratuity and was arranged by the hotel concierge, Molly, who was most helpful. She also told us about the train to the airport but when she said you have a half mile walk from the station to the airline counters we declined. Only around 3.00 so if the weather is good (ours wasn't) and you don't have a lot of packages (we did) it would be the way to go. You can catch the train only two blocks from the hotel. The hotel is in a perfect location for shopping, eating or theater going in Seattle. Very close and easy walking distance to major stores and lots of wonderful small ones. Also located next to the convention center so very convenient for that too. We were disappointed to come back from shopping at almost 2:00 and find our room had not been cleaned as yet. We also did not care for the heating system. It has a vent at the top of the wall and when it came on it blasted your head with cold air when you were in bed. Don't understand why it was cold as we had it on heat. These were the only two negatives and we would definitely stay again. Our room was very quiet except for when the idiots in the corner room next to us let their door slam about 12 times around midnight. I was just about to call the front desk when it stopped. They had a nice business center and allowed you to web check in for your flight for free but charge to use the internet.
The staff at this hotel always exceeds my expectations. The rooms are comfortable and well appointed. Not to mention the excellent location. The business center staff went out of their way to make this business meeting successful. Quick walk to the seafood market and the original Starbucks and Nordstrom. Highly recommended!
The location is perfect. It is an easy walk to any of the Downtown or Belltown attractions and only about a 15 minute walk to Capitol Hill. I attended a conference at the hotel and the staff was very courteous and helpful. My flight arrived in the morning and the hotel was able to accommodate an early check in (at the time I just asked to drop off our bags). The room was clean with a great king size bed and a large soaking bathtub. Overall outstanding service and experience.
I have stayed at many of the major hotels in downtown Seattle. I believe the Grand Hyatt delivers the most value for the dollar and would recommend it to others. The location is convenient, the staff is very professional and personable, and the rooms are very well appointed and quiet.
Can't go wrong with this hotel. Beautiful rooms and super close to all activity around town. It's situated on 8th street, so a leisurely walk down to 1st takes you to the Pike St markets. Hertz rental car is also based in the car park of the building, so really convenient if you want to drop off or pick up a rental. Staff all really helpful and really pleasant. We had a great stay.Thank you for your notes. We love that our central downtown location allows our guests to easily get to great restaurants, shopping, and entertainment. Please come back and see us on your next visit to Seattle.Sarah S.Guest Relations Manager
Great place to stay. Room a little small. Clean, Quite, People very nice, and Great food Banquets a little shakey i.e. spoiled snacks, lapses in table attension and bar service. Good access from airport by lite rail.
Stayed there a few weeks ago and it was excellent. Right downtown.a short 10 min walk to the market and 15-20 min walk to sky needle and pioneer square. a few blocks from the hustle and bustle, but plenty of activity right around the hotel. Rooms were very clean and up-to-date and all staff (car , bell, desk) very friendly and accommodating. Concierge (forgot her name -- sorry) was especially helpful with any arrangements, printing tickets, directions..etc. would highly recommend this hotel.
Just around the corner from the Convention Center. Very convenient! Rooms are very clean and the bathroom is large with a separate tub and large glassed shower. Quiet room. You really cannot hear anything, so it's great for work and sleeping.
Beautiful hotel with plush amenities, polite and helpful staff, great location with a short walk to Pike's Place Market, the Westlake mall, the Monorail pickup to the Space Needle, coffee shops on every corner and great restaurants all around the hotel. Super close to the convention center, too. Great view of Puget Sound along Pine St from room 2520!
Ok, for those that are wondering in Seattle where to stay, I successfully picked out the two hotels that are close to all attractions, reasonably priced and had a jacuzzi for helping with the soreness of the feet from walking around to all the attractions! Grand Hyatt and the Sheraton. I had stayed at the Sheraton, which had a nice jacuzzi on top, but wanted to try the Grand Hyatt. We pulled in, had a room readily available, and went to our room. The bathrooms are huge and my wifed loved this. No complaints about the room. The hotel had a nice gym where I was able to workout in the morning with a few of the LA Angels prior to playing the Mariners. Very nice gym with a connecting jacuzzi area. They also had a sauna and a very large and hot! steam room. Connected to the hotel is a really nice Sushi restauant, which if you like sushi, you should check this out as the dishes roll around the restaurant on little conveyer belts. They also had a NY deli style place to grab sandwhiches and a Starbucks. I would stay here. They guys running the valet are very professional as you could tell they know their stuff. The front desk check in was very pleasant. But, one word of caution...nothing to fault of the hotel but more the city of Seattle. My wife and I fell asleep Sunday night around 8pm, thinking we were going to wake up and head out to a restaurant. At 12:15 am, I was out of luck to getting any type of food. Room service closed, so the only thing I could purchase was small little crackers and cookies from the front desk. Not a big deal, but you would think in a city that size you could walk to some place and get a sandwhich. In the morning, I didnt see breakfast, so I think it was all room service. BUT, dont eat there, walk 6 blocks to the Pikes Market and go to Le Panier or Poscky's for pastries. Wonderful Go there early and beat the lines! Eat breakfast at Lowells for crab-dishes.
I first stayed at the Grand Hyatt Seattle soon after it opened about 8-9 years ago. I remember loving the hotel. It was new and modern and in a great location and ever since I've always loved it. I recently revisited it and was worried that it could now be showing its age. I'm happy to report that these worries were completely unfounded, the hotel is still amazing. There's a Ruth's Chris Steakhouse in the hotel, as well as a Starbucks and a sushi restaurant. The staff is very helpful. And the location is great for anything in downtown Seattle, either business or pleasure. But my favorite part of the Grand Hyatt Seattle are the rooms. They are modern and I just love the layout of them. As others have reported, the bathrooms are huge, and the whole entry area of the room has stone floors instead of carpet. The views from the upper floors are also amazing, especially on an unusual clear day. I had room service twice and each time it was good and came quickly. Overall, it's a great hotel. I highly recommend it.
I only stayed for 1 night but it was great. Location was close to pike street market and shopping. Updated and clean rooms, large bathroom with separate shower, and electric blackout shade! The staff were all very friendly and seem to enjoy their jobs.
This hotel is a beautiful property. My room was spacious, modern and luxurious. The staff was friendly and I felt at home. This hotel is right next to the Convention Center. There is a Starbucks connected to the hotel. The fitness center included machines, free weights, a hot tub area, steam room and sauna. Thank you for taking the time to share feedback on your stay at the Grand Hyatt Seattle. We are delighted to hear you enjoyed your room and that it felt like home. Our goal is to make sure you feel welcomed and comfortable. It is nice and convenient to be so close to the Convention Center especially since no umbrella is needed as the walk is fully covered. Hopefully, you had some sun during your stay! We are very proud of our fitness center and are delighted that you were able to make use of it.I will pass along the compliments to our staff as we want to make every guest feel at home in our hotel.We look forward to welcoming you back on your next trip to Seattle!
The Grand Hyatt Seattle is located one block from Convention Center and easy walking to the market and great restaurants. The hotel is very clean and well maintained. The room is nice, clean well appointed with free Wi-Fi loved the automated blackout shade. The Ruth's Chris in the lobby has two happy hours with great appetizers. All in all a nice hotel. The only complaint is the minute you step out the panhandlers hit you up and very aggressive.
Second stay at this Grand Hyatt. Both experiences were very good. Rooms nice - not great but very clean. Some hall noise in room but hotel fairly quiet even though pretty full. Location is very central to both the shopping area downtown, pike market, and capital hill not far walk. Staff very helpful and friendly.
Decided to stay somewhere in the heart of Seattle for my birthday. We wanted a place with a bathtub big enough for two but unfortunately the tub was not big enough for one. Room 2920 was comfortable and had a view towards the west with Elliott Bay in the background. You will hear noise from traffic below. I was also disappointed with the thin bath towels. You'd think a place this nice with these room rates would of offered better, thicker towels. The very large shower had some black mold in spots that contrasted with the white marble. Charging for bottled water seems cheap too. Self serve parking 30/day is a bit steep. Seems to me that they could give guests a discount on the parking fees.
Just completed a one night stay at the Grand Hyatt Seattle. We were very happy with everything and can't complain. The staff was professional and courteous. Everyone from the front desk staff to the housekeeping staff was friendly and always greeted us.Jason checked us in immediately and was extremely nice, efficient, and welcoming. The house keeping staff does a great job in keeping the rooms clean. The decor was modern, the bathrooms beautiful. We were upgraded at no additional charge to a corner suite, maybe because of our Platinum status or maybe because it was a monday. The view was amazing and we loved the electronic blinds and huge room. There is a great shuttle run by Gray Line that takes you to the hotel for 17 dollars round trip, 10.25 one way. We only took the shuttle from the hotel which left at 15 minutes past the hour and 45 minutes past the hour. It was right on time and took less than 45 minutes including two stops at other hotels prior to arriving at the airport. Much cheaper than a 30-40 dollar plus tip cab ride. We have gone to the restaurant Brooklyn on this trip and our last trip also. The entertainment book provides a buy one get one free coupon for it and the food although pricey is worth it. The entertainment book provides many buy one get one free coupons to local attractions including the art museum, Victoria Clipper, aquarium, and others. The hotel is in a good location to attractions and shopping.Pikes market is a straight 10-15 minute walk from the hotel. It is right next door to an awesome movie theatre and the Cheese Cake factory. If you can get a great deal this is a hotel that I would go back to.
I absolutely agree that the location is great. You can take the Metro from the airport, get off at the Westlake Center and walk three blocks to the hotel. Convention Center is 2 blocks away. Here are the pluses and minueseROOMI upgraded to a King view room. Suppose to be a nicer room on the 24th floor or above. The room was the exact same room with the exact same view as a friend had on the 21st floor. What I will say is the bathroom is fabulous. Soaking tub and separate shower, large vanity, robes. But the quality and quantity of the towels didn't live up to the rest of the bathroom. FACILITIESThere is no restaurant, no bar, nothing. There is a Starbucks around the corner. Its very odd given that the hotel has a small conference center. There is a Ruth and Chris' Steak House next door but the bar there is very small. And a major downside is that the lobby smells of cooking meat from about 3:00 on.Great work out facility. One of the best I've seen.Executive lounge is okay but doesn't have the amenities of Hilton, marriott, Westin etc. BREAKFASTWe had a AAA package that was suppose to include a full breakfast. It turned out to be that a very small continental breakfast in the Executive Lounge with an additional chaffing dish of eggs and a meat CUSTOMER SERVICEIt was okay during the stay but had major trouble with my bill. I got charged 3x the room upgrade. I called in to customer service and told that I was mistaken on the cost of the upgrade and that there was no way I could have gotten information to the contrary because it would mean a flaw in the reservation system. Fortunately, I still had a copy of the e-mail that showed the correct amount. When I sent it in I did not get an apology or anything even though I explained how challenging it was to have to deal with credits etc. with my company. Still waiting for the credit to show up on my card.
Checked in the day before leaving on an Alaskan cruise. Had nothing but a grand experience. The hotel is a couple of small blocks away from the monorail that goes to the Space Needle and other attractions. Our room was clean, reasonable size, huge bathroom. Even though we were close to the elevators, the rooms were very quiet. Would definitely stay there again + was a really good rate, several dollars cheaper than near the pier. No complaints!
Without a doubt this hotel is beautiful, immaculate and the staff is very courteous. I would expect no less of a hotel of this caliber. What blew me away was their friendliness and hospitality toward our one year old baby boy. When they found out we were traveling with a baby we were placed in a beautiful corner room with a separate area for our son to sleep. Anyone traveling with babies will understand how valuable this is! You can hear the traffic noise on the street below but we traveled with a white noise machine that blocked the noise. We requested a travel crib and they delivered the crib already assembled with extra towels and wash cloths and a set of travel size Johnson and Johnson bath products. These little touches made this mama's heart so happy! I would give more than 5 stars if possible.
Everyone there was amazing and the prep before my arrival was stellar. They ensured I had access upon check-in to the Olive 9 property so my son could take advantage of the swimming pool. Room service was great and the views from our hotel were fantastic.
I am more accustomed to staying at Park Place Hyatt's than Grand Hyatt's so I had to adjust my expectations. With that said, the lobby is nicely designed as are the rooms. But half of the hotel has bad views regardless of what floor you are on. A few times we requested extra towels and a few other items like laundry service and each time the staff promptly helped. That was appreciated. So was the quick check in. The rooms are a little tight but the furniture, especially the bed was comfortable. The towels in the bathroom do not know the meaning of soft and that was a bit disappointing. I am highly attuned to smells and the room was overwhelmingly fragrant upon arrival. This is something that I could have done without. As is the ridiculous fee for the wi-fi. In this day age it is insulting when a hotel charges for this service. It feels like they ought to charge to use the alarm clock while they are at it. If it were not for the Internet charge I would give this hotel a 4-star rating. But the charge feels like a thorn in my side so they get a 3-star rating.
We were given a beautiful room overlooking Pike's Market and the Bay. Nice size rooms and wonderful bathroom. Staff was welcoming and remembered our names as we went in and out of hotel. Well located for all public transportation and restaurants. In the middle of all the best shopping. Walked everywhere or took public transportation wherever we needed to go.Thank you for taking the time to review the Grand Hyatt Seattle. Our hotel is perfect for the recreation or business travel and is conveniently located to public transportation and many Seattle attractions. I am pleased to hear that our location, guest rooms and friendly staff made your stay enjoyable. Lindye W.Guest Relations Manager
The Grand Hyatt in Seattle is always consistently great! I am greeted on sight by my name and the staff always remember my preferences and inquire about my needs. The room standard is very high quality and comfortable, providing much needed respite from traveling. I am a frequent traveler and prefer the Hyatt over most other brands.
Had an extended weekend stay to celebrate big anniversary! This hotel looked very nice and had a perfect locale so we took a chance. We made a great choice! The hotel is perfectly clean and very large. We got a suite with a bay view and it was perfect. We even had a view of the famous red Public Market sign! No trouble locating Pike's Place with that view! Room was spotless and bed super comfy. Pillows are little lacking too soft, no support but we still slept really well. Check in was a breeze. When they heard it was our 25th, the gal comped our valet for the entire stay and sent up a bottle pinot grigio! We appreciated her thoughtfulness and enjoyed the wine. Bathroom is luxurious and spotless. Huge shower and separate huge tub were glorious! First time spending a significant amount of time in Seattle and we loved every minute. Thanks Hyatt, we'll be back!
World class, clean, great location, modern design, almost next to the convention center.
I stay at a Suite at this Grand Hyatt at least 2-3 times a year for at least a week each time. I can say, with a degree of certainty, that they've stepped it up significantly. It's undergoing a renovation. The staff is exceptionally courteous, helpful and professional. I received a letter from Mr. Robert Morrison (Area Director of Rooms) and the assistance of Mr. Steve Vissotzky (Managing Director) and Ms. Sarah Sawatzky (Executive Assistant). I was impressed. I can afford to stay where I wish and it's changes such as this and the staff that make me want to continue to come back.
We had the best experience at this hotel. The staff was friendly and cordial, the amenities were exceptional and our room exeplified luxury. We stayed on a corner suite with windows facing dt and the bay and it was spectacular! Most comfortable beds and pillows ever and incredibly modern. It was the best place to go to for our anniversary. Centrally located as well.
The Seattle Grand Hyatt gets high points for location and room quality. You can ignore the complaints about the price of parking, because there is no need to bring your car here. All of the downtown attractions are within easy walking distance, as are the train to the airport, light rail to Lake Union, the monorail to the Seattle Center, and buses to pretty much everywhere else. If you're allergic to transit, the hotel will call a cab or car service for you. And if you truly enjoy driving in traffic, there are cheaper places to park nearby. Be sure to ask the concierge for information on discounts to museums and events. If you want to work out, the gym is fabulous, with lots of high-quality cardio and weight equipment. Bring your swimsuit so you can enjoy the sauna, steam room, and whirlpool. And, although as a rule I don't believe in room service, especially in a city with such good local restaurants, the breakfast that we ordered in-room compared favorably to the best food we had anywhere else - good fresh fruit, excellent bread, local cheese, perfectly-cooked eggs delivered hot, top-of-the-line condiments and a not-too-sweet yogurt parfait. Really, you can trust me. It's worth it.
Used up the last of my Hyatt Gold Points for a mini Sta-Cation at the local Grand Hyatt. It was a very choice. I paid for an upgrade to a corner suite, with a view... Of more buildings Not sure I needed to see more of the buildings.Five stars for me on this!Overall, and very nice hotel, very clean, well appointed rooms, plus the corner suites are very large, with a separate sitting area, bathroom, and bedroom. All very nice.Hotel reception was nice, very nice young man who checked us in, good sense of humor (which is very important, that he understands my jokes!). Bell man could have acknowledged my wife and I walking through, but decided to stare blankly out the door... Not sure about that (long day I guess).Sampled the attached restaurant for Happy Hour, which was very nice.Wish our Sta-Cation could have lasted longer, but we needed to head home.
Have stayed at over 30 Hyatt properties, this one was among the best I have seen. Exceptional property, exceptional service. Really went out of their way to make us feel welcome and appreciated. Would definitely recommend.
We have stayed in many hotels in Seattle over the years. The Grand Hyatt is one of the best hotels in town. It's location can't be beat and the staff is always very nice. I would always recommend this property to anyone traveling to Seattle as it's one of the best run Hyatts in the USA.
Stayed just 1 night then moved to a different hotel by the Mariners stadium for the game. The hyatt was very classy as they always are. Spendy, but you get what you pay for in the service and quality of the hotel.
ask for a good view- particularly, you can get one of several rooms with a direct view of the space needle. the prices are reasonable for a big city, and the rooms are fairly spacious. the rooms are clean, and the lobby and common areas are quite nice. a ruth's chris in the lobby is a plus. service is great. this is convenient to pioneer square, pike's place market.Thank you for your comments. We are so glad that you enjoyed your stay with us. It's so great that our amenities and location make it easy for our guests to get to restaurants and entertainment. We would love to welcome you back on your next trip to Seattle.Sarah S.Guest Relations Manager
We have stayed in many of the downtown Seattle hotels from the hip to the old school and this is by far the best hotel - great service, airy and well appointed rooms - everything works like it should in this price range. We especially liked the location - you can walk everywhere and the neighborhood around this hotel feels safer than some other downtown areas... the hotel is especially convenient to the light rail network so an easy trio in from the airport and a short walk.Our only minor quibble (and this is minor in the big scheme of things, but an area Hyatt may want to look at) is charging a 1/bottle of drinking water - in a 300+/night hotel the water should be free and plentiful!
Stayed here while attending the US Open. We came a few days early to enjoy Seattle. This hotel had been recommended to us by friends who live in Seattle. The location was so central we were able to walk everywhere! Very friendly staff from concierge to housekeeping. We stayed on the concierge floor and ate breakfast there each day - food was great and service was wonderful. This is a well run hotel in a great location. Would definitely recommend it.
This hotel is located a few blocks from the Westgate Link station, so you can easily get around Seattle. Pike Market is a short walk and you can even walk to the waterfront if you like. Check in service is excellent, the front desk and the hotel workers are always friendly and willing to help out. Room is very clean with a large bathroom. My only complaint is the ice machines are not located on all floors, although the hotel says they can someone up with some ice for you. Also the safe in the rooms are located on a high shelf in the closet, see pictures, if you were a short person not sure you could even use it.The hotel does not have its own restaurant, you need to walk next door to the Ruth Chris to eat, but they were open for breakfast. There is a Starbucks and a small convenience store near the hotel.Although the hotel had some minor issues, I would stay here again next time I visit Seattle.
What a great hotel and a fantastic city. Three days was definitely not enough. Front desk staff were amazing and room was more than comfortable. Revisiting is most certainly on the cards for this one.
Recent trip to Seattle and stay at Grand Hyatt were great. The hotel is clean and the staff were all very welcoming. The location of the hotel could not have been better. The convention center is close by and shopping is right outside the door. It is within walking distance to the Pike Place Fish MarketThank you for the review on your stay at the Grand Hyatt Seattle. We pride ourselves on providing the best customer service and we are pleased to hear that you encountered this during your stay! We are located just a few blocks from some major attractions, but we are very close to public transportation as well as great shops and restaurants. We look forward to welcoming you back in the future.Brenna N.Guest Relations Manager
Grand is the right word. Location is Grand, Check in was Grand, room was Grand and the Club was Grand. A shout out to Louise the Concierge, I will call her the Grande Dame of the Grand Hyatt for helping us book a luxury wine tour at the last minute. When you book on the Club level you have a choice of a room with combo bath and shower or a walk in shower. The walk in shower is pretty Grand. This is a high end hotel 400+ a night so a good place to use your points.
The entire experience was great and satisfying. The staff, the facility, and the environment was very conducive and comforting. The free wi-fi was excellent, the food was fantastic and the proximity to downtown as well as to the Space Needle was priceless.Thank you for your review on your guest experience during your stay with us at the Grand Hyatt Seattle. We love that our central downtown location allows our guests to easily shop and explore all the great spots that Seattle has to offer. I am so happy to hear that you felt comfortable and relaxed in the room as making sure our guests feel accommodated is always one of our goals. We would love to welcome you back on your next trip to Seattle.Brenna N.Guest Relations Manager
We stayed in this hotel for a week. The staff was great, room had lots of great amenities, walking distance to Capitol Hill, pikes market, the space needle, and a shopping malls. Also, great views of the city. I will definitely stay here again on my next Seattle visit. Thank you for the amazing review! We love that our central downtown location allows our guests to easily shop and explore all the great spots that Seattle has to offer. We pride ourselves on providing the best customer service and we are pleased to hear that you encountered this during your stay! We look forward to having you back with us on your next visit to Seattle.Brenna N.Guest Relations Manager
It was nice to stay. All facility was excellent but expensive. I know this grade of hotel must be expensive but I am not going for my personal travel. My friends stayed with me and his room was kind of old. Shower was not working well. Anyhow most of services are just great. Thank you.
I came for a conference, paid 30 for an upgrade to a corner suite (when reserving), well worth it. Living room, separate bedroom, large bathroom and closet. Great location at the east side of downtown by convention center, near the freeway, light rail to the airport (and underground stations for downtown buses), and Capitol Hill. Room was quiet, clean internet 9.95 a day. Hotel was modern decor, lots of wood, pleasant atmosphere. Ruth Chris is in the lobby, very good for lunch (didn't have breakfast or dinner there, so many other good choices nearby). Would definitely consider staying here again (though I'm a SPG Platinum elite).
We enjoyed our stay at the Seattle Hyatt. Helpful staff and a great location close to shopping. Sign up for their rewards program - at no cost - and get free Wi-Fi and other freebies. We were upgraded to a corner suite for only 12.00 additional per night. Suite was very nice and we appreciated the extra room.
The hotel is alright. It serves the purpose for sleeping. They don't have a bar, they recommend Ruth Chris Steakhouse for every food or drink need you might have!There was something in the air in the room that was allergic to me. I was fine once i left the room. I am allergic to pollen and dust. The rooms are well kept.
Planned weekend getaway to celebrate a birthday. Upgraded reservation to club level to have access to grand club which essentially provides breakfast and evening snacks and beverages. Worth it. Pro: location to downtown and walking distance to Pike's market. Grand club breakfast was outstanding. Gym, sauna, and hot tub are fantastic. plenty of places to eat near by Cons: 30.00 self park, 50.00 valet parking. Petty issue but double beds are not ideal for comfort.
I decided to try a new property for my frequent business trips to Seattle and I am so glad I did! I found the Grand Hyatt to be superior for quality, comfort and value. The room and bathroom were very generous for a city property it felt more like a lush studio than a hotel room.
Great location, as well as wonderful, caring service. I highly recommend the Grand Hyatt in Seattle. Good catering for our meeting with local, sustainable foods. Rooms are spacious and provide vast views of the city. Parking is expensive (30 per night)
Located on Pine, near the Convention center, this hotel is first class. The rooms are nicely appointed and very comfortable. Compared with other major cities the prices are reasonable. It's easy walking distance to local attractions, plus it's just a short walk to the Monorail station that goes to the Space Needle.Thank you so much for your review! We are so glad that you enjoyed your stay and that the room and property amenities made your stay a great one. It is a wonderful thing that our central downtown location allows our guests to easily shop at the flagship Nordstrom store, Pacific Place as well as hop on the Monorail and quickly get to the Space Needle. We would love to welcome you back on your next visit to the Seattle area.Sarah S.Guest Relations Manager
My wife and I stayed here while visiting Seattle. The property is ideally located, near the monorail, close walking distance to the market and shopping. The staff is very professional, the hotel is very clean, secure and quiet. I have no complaints. I recommend upgrading for a room with a view of the harbor.
What a pleasant surprise. I stayed in this hotel because I was attending a conference. The rooms are greatand I am picky. The bathroom was nice with granite/marble (who can tell the difference anymore). Bed was great. Nice size room. Really nothing negative to say. I am typically a boutique hotel kind of guy for vacation, but if you are looking for a nice hotel in downtown Seattle, this is not a bad option. I stayed at the W before I moved to this hotel. I liked this hotel better than the W. Quite a statement coming from someone who has stayed at several W hotels around the world and recommend them. If the rate is decent, consider this option. It is typically that big hotel feel, but worth the stay.
I stayed at the Grand Hyatt because I was attending a downtown Seattle conference and it was one of the selected conference hotels, although not the main hotel. I was upgraded to a corner king suite the room was very nice, and convenient since I was with my husband. Two separate rooms always makes life easier on the road, especially for a longer stay.The overall look of the hotel, including our room, was very fresh and pleasant. Very clean as well. We like the fact that many Hyatts now share space with Starbucks--very handy and a nice low-cost option for breakfast.The hotel lived up to our expectations, which were not too high since it is not positioned as a luxury hotel, in most ways. We did find the service a bit off. It seemed as though there were too few staff available to help--long lines at check in and out--but then that may have been a result of staying over a holiday weekend.
Great hotel in the center of Seattle. Hence, easy walking to whole downtown. Mark, the manager was delightful. Kristen another manager was very helpful. We came over from Hyatt at Olive. Their hot tub was out of order. No problem to give us a room in the Grand.Hope to return again and again. I like that they offer free wifi in the room
Seattle has so many great hotels it was hard to choose. We only sayed one night prior to our Alaskan cruise, and it exceeded expectations. Beautiful, clean, marble bathroom with soaking tub, great toiletries. Comfy, clean bed, great service. Decent view of the city. PERFECT location. The whole experience was a pleasure and we will return.Thank you for the review and compliments for the Grand Hyatt Seattle! I truly hope you will be able to come back to Seattle and spend more time with us. We look forward to your next stay.Lindye W.Guest Relations Manager
best experience ever, not a single issue at this hotel. gorgeous room, comfortable bed and linen. quite room would definitely stay here again on my next trip. this room even had electric shades . what else is there to say
Large hotel in the city, but quiet and incredibly nice-in a very nice area. Easy walking to great stores and local venues. We had a corner suite on the 24th floor-great views of the city-with a ton of room. Love this hotel will be back for sure.
We stayed for 5 days in a hypo-allergic room on the 23 floor, facing east. It was quiet and private and cleaner than any room we've ever stayed in. Everything was first rate from maid service to vehicle valet. Starbucks on first floor as well as New York style deli and Ruth's Chris restaurant. Originally we wanted to stay closer to Pikes Place Market but this location turned out to be more centrally located. We plan on staying here again next year.
I loved my stay here. It was very easy to get around and walking distance to a lot of attractions. Train station and monorail was close. The market was close and you could find anything to eat you wanted close by.
Stayed in a bay view room at beginning of week as well as a city view room at end of week.. Bay view room was larger and had great views toward water. City view room was nice but smaller. Good location for all things near waterfront. Monorail to Sky Needle just a couple of blocks away. Would definitely stay here again...
We booked the Hyatt for our weekend in Seattle to see Steve Martin and Martin Short.The hotel is dog friendly and in walking distance of the Paramount theatre where the show was at.The parking isn't the best here but it's Seattle, so it's expected. We paid 35 for overnight parking. Once you get parked just walk everywhere, I love walking around Seattle.The only complaint I had was the pet fee changing from the time I booked it until the time we actually stayed. The fee had gone up 50. I didn't complain or say anything because I just didn't feel like having a dispute about it. I also wish they'd had an area for the dogs to do their business, luckily I always carry poop bags, but my Dog had to go very suddenly on the street because I couldn't find a green space close enough, so I just picked it up of course.I guess with big cities it's harder to have an outdoor area for pets.Now to all the great things, which was pretty much everything.The lobby was beautiful, nice lighting, everything was clean, there were large hallways and huge ceilings.Our check in was quick, easy and friendly.We were given a room on the 29th floor with a great view of the city.The room had huge windows, it was a really clean room, spacious and beautiful.The bed was really comfy and also very clean.The Bathroom was massive and I really mean that, it has a gorgeous soaking tub, walk in shower, toilet and vanity area. You have lots of amenities with this hotel.There is a nice hallway space and an awesome do not disturb button that turns a light on and you don't have to hang something on your door, loved that.We had food and drink options that were attached to the hotel in the front, which is always nice for a quick and easy option.We ordered room service with our TV remote. The breakfast that came was delicious, very prompt and with friendly service.We slept amazingly with the fantastic bed and black out shades.When we came back into our hotel on the Saturday afternoon/evening before the show we got on the elevator with a Seattle Mariner, that was pretty cool.Everything about our experience here was perfect from the moment we arrived to the moment we sadly left.This was a bit of a splurge but I hope that one day we can stay here again.I also wanted to add that every staff member I encountered was always friendly to myself, my DH and our Dog.Thanks for a great weekend in Seattle for the show.
The Grand Hyatt in downtown Seattle offers an extremely comfortable a spacious room, with a nice view from the upper floors that face west. The bathroom is large, with extremely nice shower and bathtub. The room is quiet and well insulated from sounds from other rooms, although you emergency vehicles driving can be strangely loud. You can open a small window to get some fresh air too.Thank you for your note. We love that you were able to relax and feel accommodated. Our goal is always to make our guests feel welcomed and comfortable. We hope to see you again on your next visit to Seattle.Sarah S.Guest Relations Manager
The location is great. Close and easy access to shopping and Pike Place. Rooms were very nice and comfortable. Front desk wasn't very helpful though. The downside was the price I had to pay for parking.
I stayed at the Grand Hyatt, Seattle Tuesday through Saturday with my wife. The hotel is beautiful, trendy with very good service. It is just across from the convention center and has a Ruths Chris (that even serves breakfast), a Starbucks, NY-style deli, and Blue C Sushi attached. A Cheesecake factory is on the corner of the building but not attached to the Hyatt.The doorman, valets, bellman (especially Jazz), front desk and maids were all very good. We chose a club room which served a decent breakfast but seemed to skimp on the variety of food items for the evening appetizer drink session. The club room did have very nice computer stations, TVs, chairs and couches, and a fantastic view.The room was certainly large enough with a very comfortable king-size bed. What disappointed my wife and me was that the desk (i.e. the place to put your computer, cell phone, etc.) only had one available wall plug, hidden and inconveniently located behind the desk. Most hotel desks have lamps with electrical outlets in their bases, or several outlets purpose-built into the desk. Not so with our desk just a plain desk and one hidden plug. Also, only every third or fourth floor had an ice machine. When I needed ice (which was daily so my wife could ice her post-op foot) I had to go from the my 25th floor room to the 28th floor - or call for ice and wait.They also only provided two glasses for the room and no paper/plastic cups. We prefer to use two glasses for drinks and have two in the BR. When we would bring glasses down from the club to put on the bathroom counter, they were consistently gone in the morning. Moreover, the towels were remarkably thin and limp, not what youd expect from a high-end hotel and they only provided two hand towels and two not-so-large bath towels. (The towels at the Staybridge Inn and Hampton Inns where we also stayed on our trip were much larger and more plush and each gave us four of each.)We were surprised and disappointed that Hyatt would cut corners on the Club food, towels, and a decent computer desk. Otherwise, we had a nice stay and would consider staying there again.
The Hyatt Seattle was a wonderful choice for our conference. The staff was always willing to offer advice on local attractions and food, or just general questions answered with a smile every time. The room was so comfortable I slept better than I do at home and I didn't want to leave. Definitely will be my choice next time I visit Seattle.
This hotel is amazing! The rooms are spotless, beds are incredibly comfortable, staff is nice. The gym is incredible, with personal TVs on every machine and ice cold towels to cool off with. The location is great, with shopping every way you turn. While my husband was in business meetings, I kept myself busy roaming the stores in the area. It is an easy walk to Pike's Place Market, which is a must-see experience! So many awesome vendors with unique items to sell. It's the only place I have ever found something personalized with the correct spelling of my daughter's name. :) It was my first visit to Seattle, and I had a wonderful time. The hotel was perfect in every way. I would recommend to all.Thank you for your review. It sounds like you had a great time! It's wonderful that you were able to find all the great places to shop and visit while your husband was in meetings we always hope to accommodate all of our guests whether they are here for leisure or business or both! We hope to see you back again on your next visit to Seattle.Sarah S.Guest Relations Manager
Every stay at the Grand Hyatt in Seattle is memorable. They have every luxury well thought out and the location is in walking or taxi distance to all the best Seattle has to offer. The rooms are comfortable and the staff is very gracious.
This is a great hotel right where you want to be in Seattle close to everything transportation outlets malls very nice would recommend it to anyone clean safe I felt right at home and I will be back loved the service of the hotel
Stayed here for a week on a business trip, so got to know the hotel well. Very comfortable, well appointed with all you'd need (and expect) from a Grand Hyatt hotel. Convenient location in centre of downtown, close walking distance to office district, shopping, great selection of restaurants and 20 min walk from wonderful Pike Place Market. In-hotel restaurant is top end qualify, if slightly pricey, but good for breakfast. Service throughout the hotel is excellent, especially the guys out front who call you cabs.Tip for alternative breakfast option go to deli shop linked next door for great sausage muffins/ bagels coffee - delicious and served by lovely people.In summary, a great hotel from which to enjoy the city of Seattle!Thanks for your comments! It's wonderful that you felt happy and accommodated during your slightly longer stay our main goal is always to make sure that our guests feel valued and accommodated. We would love to have you back the next time your travels bring you to Seattle!Sarah S.Guest Relations Manager
Decided to stay at the Grand Hyatt following our son's wedding for a day of R R. It was extremely nice with quiet surroundings, wonderful view and excellent service. Would HIGHLY recommend the location, the hotel and the brand
It is always a pleasure to stay at the Grand Hyatt nice rooms, great amenities and terrific staff. The consistency of the experience is also quite nice - no surprises, just a quality and peaceful stay. I recommend the Grand Hyatt to all travelers who want a home away from home experience and no hassles along the way.
Lost reservation, incompetence by staff,, overcharge credit cards.....that was my experience at the Grand Hyatt.After a long day of travelling to reach hotel and to be told issues with reservation, Front desk staff are either incompetent or lack required training for position. hotel sold out for the weekend. Asked to speak with someone with authority, asst. manager now involved. All I can say.... thank goodness reservation was booked thru an executive / director with the Hyatt chain.... Or we would of been screwed royally.Checkout was a disaster. Credit cards presented and staff unable to handle splitting the charges to two credit cards. Not only do they charge full amount to both cards, but do it twice. Trying to correct was a nightmare. Once back in Canada, numerous calls and numerous employees in Accounting involved. With the exchange on the CDN dollar, I'm still out of pocket for their error.Plus side, never again. Avoid this property. Other great properties in the vicinity that I'm sure offer better service!!!!!!To management, suggest additional training required for your front desk and accounting staff. Appears they have no clue in the process for checking in, customer service, or processing credit card payments and credits.
Had a great stay our room was very clean and very peaceful. It is in the heart of DT Seattle. We took the train to the hotel and it was pretty easy. We enjoyed walking all over downtown Seattle no need to rent a car. Major shopping and amazing restaurants right around the corner! We will stay here again!
I always feel like I am coming home when I return the the Grand Hyatt Seattle. Great staff and great hotel. It is a big hotel with the feel of a small boutique hotel that very much values my business. I am over 80 nights at Hyatt hotels YTD and this one of my favorites.
I am not always the big hotel person, they can seem bland to me. But the Hyatt was spectacular: We entered and we were greeted by Michael at the front desk on check in, who when he learned that it was our anniversary sent up some champagne and chocolates, the view from our room, the fabulous workout room (basically a nice gym with sauna and whirlpool), a beautiful bathroom and just a feeling of ease the whole time contributed to our relaxing visit. The workout space was heaven (and I usually hate working out but I enjoyed it here). You can also use the spa and workout space at the hyatt across the street which is even more extensive.We got free wifi too which is something you don't always get with business hotels. It is near the convention center which in some towns can be in a funky area of town. We were just a few blocks from Pike's Place Market, A good retail shopping district seemed to surround us and it was easy to get around.I would definitely recommend this to anyone wanting a more upscale stay.
I attended a conference for 4 days. The room was ideal for what I needed. The upgrade to a suite allowed for business to take place in my room without a bed in the middle. The bathroom was fantastic as noted by others. I enjoyed the fitness area, although a little confined relative to the size of the hotel and the fitness-minded Seattle population. The cab ride isn't bad and is under 50. I had colleagues that did the train for much less money and minimal trouble. Walking distance to great restaurants and the riverfront made the location very convenient.
Elegant and contemporary interiors without being gaudy. Attentive service. Close to downtown shopping, Convention Center, and business, Pike Place, and more and just a couple blocks from LightLink, too, from SeaTac! Club lounge is immaculate. Ruth's Chris offers restaurant and in-room dining for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.Had high expectations upon booking through VISA Signature Hotels program, and was blown away.
Great location - close to shopping areas and tourist attractions.Great gym - nice facilities with sauna and steam room, but I wish they are open 24 hrs like the gym is.Friendly staff an easy check in process.Access to Starbucks, Ruths Chris, and deli mart from the hotel.
Hotel was great!! The rooms were nice and clean. The view of the convention center was a bummer, but the power shades were great. The staff answered all questions and heped with directions. Valet was outstanding!!! Only bad part was the tax on the room and 9.5 sales tax... Ouchie Mama!!
The location is excellent - it's within walkable distance to many attractions and restaurants we wanted to visit, and most of the others were just a short ride away. Room size is comfortable for a hotel in a city, its bathroom is quite spacious. The only thing about this hotel is the reception staff. We were checked in by a stone-faced male staff at the front desk, and checked out by a female staff who was not friendly at all. If I hadn't met other people in the city, I would leave Seatlle with an impression that people there are rude and cold. Thankfully everyone else I met there were friendlier than Grand Hyatt's front desk staff.Seattle has a lot to offer I'm sure I will come back here - but probably not to this hotel.
The bathroom (size,soaking tub, walking shower stall, robes) is in the same league as Bellagio but with a bit extra...complimentary toothpaste, cotton balls/q tips. Yes, they even have a coffee maker (which Bellagio doesn't offer). The same with both hotels, electronic sensor frig, move anything and it will appear on your bill. There's a Starbucks downstairs off the elevator. So convenient to the name brand shops and restaurants. It was enjoyable. Got complimentary wifi for our stay. The electric shade works very well. We requested a late checkout ( 1 hour) but wasn't granted one. There's a complimentary umbrella to use in the closet in case of rain. Safe in the closet.
My husband and I arrived a day early for our cruise to Alaska. I tried to find a centralized hotel where everything would be within walking distance of the hotel. We were greeted outside the hotel by very friendly hotel staff. The simple expression by the hotel staff to greet me by my name is well worth my visit. The hotel room was clean and very comfortable. The bell hop made it a point to go over everything in our room, give us his name and make a quick get away. The hotel was in a perfect place to walk Pikes Place, the Space Needle and all the shopping venues around the hotel. The martini bar around the corner offered some really good Bloody Mary's and buffet breakfast. Very impressed by the hotel.
Check in was quick, which is always a plus. The room I stayed in was clean and well appointed with a radical view of the city. Where they truly shined was the breakout sessions they put together during my conference. The food for said breakouts was tasty as well as thoughtfully and artistically displayed. One breakout had all food floating, on mini boats, around a moat the had made in the common area.
This hotel has what it takes to enjoy a Seattle exploration. It is surrounded by every area one must visit within a city that has so many facets to admire. The property has all of the amenities...a Starbucks, a steak house, a deli, a sushi bar, and a great fitness center to work them off. We walked everywhere with ease, and watched the world from a panoramic view from our picture frame window. To say that we were pleasantly surprised would, well, cover it....Thank you for your comments. We love that our central downtown location makes it easy for our guests to explore all that our great city has to offer. It's also great that we can offer all you might need without even leaving the hotel. We would love to have you back with us on your next visit to Seattle.Sarah S.Guest Relations Manager
We stayed at the Hyatt for a Christmas party. The room was everything you would expect from a Grand Hyatt. Updated, clean and comfortable. Check in was a nightmare. It took us at least 40 minutes. 3 people at the counter and only one of them was checking in anyone. We knew several of the people waiting in line. Two of them were sent to rooms that already had people in them. Then they had to come and wait in that 40 minute line again to get it straightened out. This sort of service is not what you would normally associate with a Grand Hyatt, especially with the rates they are charging. The Gold desk was not open and the concierge just sat there and did nothing to help either. The valet station was not operating smoothly either, both for check in and check out. All in all, the front of the house here needs some help.
We had a lovely Christmas staycation at the Grand Hyatt Seattle (seriously, we took the bus from our home in Redmond to get here).We were greeted with a hot chocolate and christmas cookie bar... as well as an upgrade to a water view room!The hotel is within walking distance to all of the main downtown sites. We ordered room service for breakfast and were happy with our waffles. There is a Starbucks right downstairs, so we got coffee from there and brought it back up for a Christmas Eve treat.The workout room was really high end and clean. There was also a sauna and hot tub - I wish I brought my swimsuit!The Grand Hyatt made our staycation overnight stay very special.
We were here recently for a business/pleasure trip. Business in that we did not pick the hotel but the meeting picked it. We were pleasantly surprised. The hotel is very nice, super convenient to everything, staff was outstanding and the room was clean and comfortable. While we usually prefer a smaller more boutique style hotel, this was absolutely a great alternative. Would definitely return to the meeting if it is held here next year. Free Wifi, water in rooms, lots of nice touches.
The location is fabulous. Walk to everything . Great gym at the property. Ruth Chris is attached and has two Happy Hours each day. Check it out! My one complaint was that housekeeping really did not do a good job. I kept asking for extra towels, turndown service, shampoo, coffee........ They just could not get it right. Asked for hangers, took three calls to get hangers. Other than that, the place was wonderful. Would stay there again.
Wonderful large rooms. Well kept. Walking distance to Seattle highlights and monorail and Link. I recommend this hotel if you need to be downtown or want to get by in city without a car. Service was top notch and I will stay here again.
Every aspect of my stay was wonderful. The staff was friendly, polite, professional, and genuinely caring towards their guests. Food provided at the conference was delicious and healthy with tons of options. The room was super clean, comfortable, and luxurious. Thank you for such an amazing stay at your hotel!! I hope to be back again soon!
You pay for the location but the hotel was fairly average as compared to Hyatt properties in other cities. The service was good but not particularly friendly. Staff were pretty aloof. The rooms were small but clean. Just didn't like the vibe. We will stay elsewhere on our next visit.
Excellent service from the staff. Great location. Extremely clean and classy hotel. Awesome hotel room with quite possibly the most beautiful hotel bathroom I've ever stayed in. Can't go wrong with this place. Awesome experience.Thank you for taking the time to review your guest stay at the Grand Hyatt Seattle! We have such a beautiful property at a location that is close to so many attractions. Many guests love our spacious and luxurious bathrooms as well. We look forward to your return!Lindye W.Guest Relations Manager
7 blocks from downtown. Easy walking to many spots. Pike's Place, Original Starbuck's, space needle, underground etc. 15 floor view of the water. Ruth Chris restaurant inside hotel. Smaller gym, but all I needed. Staff was very helpful. Easy check in and checkout.
Very convenient location--took the Link in from SEA, and the stop was just a couple blocks away. Check in was quick and painless, and they gave me an upgrade per my Globalist (ugh, it pains me each time I type that) status to a corner suite. It was on the back side of the hotel (away from the Sound view), but it was a spacious room with the necessary accoutrements. The bed was comfortable, and the housekeeping staff was friendly. The club had a better spread than some other locations, and ample seating. Otherwise as far as restaurant outlets in the hotel, they had a Ruth's Chris (didn't go) and a deli/convenience store. There's a bunch of places within walking distance though, covering all types of cuisine, and it's very easy to get to the tourist attractions not too much of a jaunt to Safeco Field either.Would definitely recommend.
We stayed in a corner suite. I liked the setup of the suite which had a separate work area from the sleeping area. The bathroom was a good size as well. I also thought the cleaning staff did a decent job.What I didn't like: 1) the bathroom has some mildew issues in the shower that needs to be addressed and the tile grout throughout the bathroom needs to be cleaned/bleached as it is showing its wear and lack of cleaning. 2) on the last night of our stay I guess we finally got a next door neighbor and when I tell you the noise from them taking a shower was soooooooo loud... it was borderline unacceptable and really pissed me off. I had to turn the tv up to hear what I was watching. If we had heard that the 1st 2 nights of our stay I would have definitely complained but given it was our last night I left it alone but decided to post this review. 3) view of city was not that great. Our view was mainly of the top of some building and you could see a small part of the water Overall the hotel was ok but what really annoyed me was how loud our neighbors shower was while we were trying to turn in for the night. I don't know that I've ever stayed at a hotel where I could hear my neighbors shower that clearly (and I've stayed at a lot of hotels). This is Completely unacceptable!!!!!
Stayed for three nights at the Grand Hyatt over Labor Day Weekend. Originally booked on the 29th floor in a beautiful room. As stated in other reviews, the bathroom is almost as big as the bedroom... which is really great. Spent a lot of time in the tub!On the second day of our stay, the room next to us started sounding like a night club... around 4pm! After a quick peek, we realized it was a group of kids for Prom. Rather than deal with them later in the night we called downstairs and were moved immediately to the 26th floor. The room was slightly smaller, but definitely quiet! The staff was VERY helpful in our transition to rooms and the entire ordeal was over within a matter of minutes.The Grand Hyatt is very conveniently located to shopping, restaurants and the waterfront. We rented a car from Enterprise, which is only 4 or 5 blocks from the hotel. Seattle was wonderful and so is this hotel!
Very nice location. At the Grand Hyatt for a conference. Rooms great. Conference rooms great. Food for conference excellent, extremely fresh (nice crisp vegetables). All the natural finishes are lovely - fossils in the bathrooms. About as relaxing as a conference hotel can get.Thank you for the review on your stay at the Grand Hyatt Seattle. We loved the feedback on the facility and food during your conference! I am glad you were comfortable during your stay, and we would be happy to welcome your conference back to our hotel in the future. Lindye W. Guest Relations Manager
Traveled to Seattle, WA for a business trip where I needed to be in close proximity to downtown Seattle. For the overall price/value ratio there is no better hotel brand in Seattle or nationwide. There is no reason to stay anywhere else nationwide when using the Hyatt Platinum Visa and being a Hyatt Gold Passport member.
The hotel is perfectly located downtown, near the fish market and other tourist attractions. It is next to the convention center, and a block from a major public transit hub (which connects to the airport as well as other areas.)The rooms are large, clean, and luxurious. The bathroom is larger than a double hotel room I stayed in in Denmark, and has a large soaking tub as well as a comfortable shower stall. The only oddity is that the sink seems to either produce warm water or cool water randomly, with little relationship to which tap I turn.The bed is comfortable, and the desk is spacious. There are power outlets in ask the places you'd want them. The wifi seems stable and reasonably fast.The staff have been helpful and pleasant. Check in was easy, and they have given me helpful advice getting around town.This is not a cheap hotel, but i am happy to be here.
This is a nice hotel. We checked in with Amber at the front desk, she was very friendly and helpful, even giving us a complimentary room upgrade. This hotel is located in the heart of the shopping district, with Nordstrom Store No1 a block away and Pacific Place across the street.The Good:Awesome Location for business and shopping.Nicely sized and updated roomsVery friendly staff and excellent service.The Bad: The four valet's, who were not busy didn't offer to help us with our bags while we unloaded from the taxi. The TV is a big, nice brand new HD LG flat LED. The signal strength to the tv is so weak that the screen was incredibly dim and hard to see. The hotel does not have HD service. I don't mean to sound petty, but on a weekend away from the kids it is nice for my wife and I to come back and relax and watch a game. I played with settings and could not get it fixed.Overall, I would happily stay here again. It is consistently a great value for such a nice hotel in a premium location. They staff goes out of their way to make you feel welcome and taken care of.
The location of the Grand Hyatt is in the downtown section of Seattle near the convention center.My husband could go to his meeting and I could explore the area.Could walk to the Seattle Art Museum ,which is not to be missed.The monorail is a short distance away and Pike Place Market is not that far.The room was very nice and the view was lovely.The shower was excellent and the room also had a large soaking tub.The bed was very comfortable and the room was very clean.Staff friendly and excellent.I recommend this hotel.
We came off a week long cruise on a Friday morning and arrived at 9:30am expecting to have to check our luggage. Surprise - the gentleman at the front desk moved rooms around and checked us in! We were staying on my husband's business points for 4 days. Hyatt knows how to treat it's points customers right unlike that other big H chain where we find ourselves in the worst rooms they have. This was an 18th floor room with a view towards the space needle. We had a room with 2 full beds but it worked as our 21 year old daughter was with us. We did place a towel in front of the door one night as some hallway noise was coming under the door but it seemed to be related to all the Baseball Fans staying at the hotel and arriving back at once.The bathroom had great amenities, a soaking tub and a spotless glass shower. The safe in the closet accomodated the laptop computer and we had plenty of hangers. The dresser was a little small since it accomodates the mini-bar. Right after check in someone knocked and asked if we had everythng we needed and she was very friendly.The doormen were knowledgeable and gave us good directions and information on the area. The Starbucks just outside the lobby was slow as molasses but friendly just not efficient! The Grayline bus to the airport leaves at 15 to and 15 after the hour from the west side of the hotel. This was a very good location as we went to ACT theater one night, walked over and back to Pikes Place Market another and to the Seattle Art Museum. Several malls are also close by with Food Courts.
Grand Hyatt Seattle staff is highly trained and provide excellent service in all areas during your stay at the hotel. They are THE choice hotel to experience Seattle in comfort. All processes are made smooth and simple by their representative agents. Rooms are spacious and relaxing with great views of the waterfront. Grand Hyatt Seattle is also conveniently located next to an array of places to explore and they can provide car service for those trips outside of walking distance at flat rate fares.
My first time visiting the city, and I am so glad I chose this hotel. I was in town for a marathon the city was hosting. I arrived a few days early so that I could tour the city as well as rest a bit. As with any walking friendly city, location is so important. Trust me, It was centrally located. In one day, I walked to the CenturyLink Field event center for the expo, visited the market, the needle, and hopped aboard a ferry. Upon my return, I had the choice of a relaxing bath in a spacious tub or a quick shower. Definitely after the marathon, that tub came in handy!!! I was able to sleep comfortably every night which was very important for my mindset. Every evening I would return to a clean room with everything I had requested. Housekeeping was very attentive. Also, there's a Starbucks inside the hotel as well as a place that makes hot sandwiches which came in very handy for my last minute carb fix. If ever in Seattle again, I'm staying here!!Thank you for your comments. We're so happy that you enjoyed your stay and were able to take advantage of all the amenities to prep and decompress from your marathon. It's wonderful that you were also able to explore the city and even get on the water while you were here! We would love to have you back with us during your next visit to Seattle.Best Regards,Sarah S.Guest Relations Manager
Hotel has a nice lobby and check-in was nice and quick. Had a morning flight in and got to the hotel by 12 PM. They had my room ready and they were able to accommodate my request to be on the same floor as my brother's room. The room itself was just right for a family of four and the bathroom was a very nice size to accommodate the girl's toiletries and the boy's minimal essentials. Bathroom had tub separate from a nice size shower stall. As for the hotel location, only a block away from Pacific Place mall which had restaurants and a movie theater. The hotel was also only 7 blocks away from Pike Place Market which we practically went to every day. Very convenient to public transportation to and from airport as well as to the Space Needle. Definitely would stay in this hotel again if the opportunity arises.
Staying here puts you within walking distance to most of the places you might want to visit in downtown Seattle. It's cheaper to park yourself in the garage than to use valet parking. Check-in was quick and friendly. Our room was very nice and well-appointed. There is a Ruth's Chris Steakhouse on site and other good restaurants close by and a Starbucks off the lobby. We would love to stay here again.
I used to stay at The W hotel in Seattle but now stay at this Hyatt. Beautiful rooms, great decor, some sides of the building do have a water view, great location, easy to walk down to the Pike Market, excellent shopping and sightseeing.My only compliant was the Asian gentleman working the front desk who refused to print my boarding passes after the printer on the self serve Boarding Pass Kiosk failed, I politely asked the other Gentleman working at the front desk and he immediately printed the boarding passes for us.Excellent Property for Business or TouristHighly Recommended
Good hotel. It was pretty, clean and super convenient to anyone using the convention center. Restaurants and coffee were just a quick walk away. Very pretty views of the bay! The staff was friendly. The elevators were quick, the parking was easy, and the lobby smelled very nice. All around a good business stay!
This is definitely one of our favorite hotels in downtown Seattle. The staff is what sets this hotel above others. The staff was courteous and friendly. The rooms are very clean and roomy. Located in the hotel is one of our favorite restaurants, Ruth Chris Steak House. Both are highly recommended for a weekend stay.
I liked the Grand Hyatt and may stay there again at my next visit to Seattle. Very convenient to go shopping, dining and taking bus/rail. Also, fitness equipment was clean and new which is important feature for my week long trip.
Everything in downtown Seattle was within walking distances. Otherwise public transportation e.g. monorail, light transit and buses were a stone throw away. Hotel was very comfortable and high quality and good value for the price.
I have stayed at several hotels in Seattle for work. This is by far one of the nicer ones and I would highly recommend it. The rooms are very nice and exceeded my expectations. The gym was also very nice.Thank you for your feedback! We're happy we can accomodate our guests needs while they are traveling with great service and amenities. Hope to see you again on your next trip to Seattle. Sarah S. Guest Relations Manager
My son was attending the PAX convention and has stayed at this hotel before. Great location for everything. Staff were overall great and helped us with a broken handle on our luggage. The only issue I have is why hotels in general only provide towels for two guests in a room that sleeps four We had asked for early booking, but the room was not ready. After a long flight I chose to wait in the lobby and it was awfully cold. My husband and son had left to attend a baseball game. When I got to the room after a two-hour wait, I then had to call down to get extra towels, as I knew there were not enough for all of us. We had a view of the space needle which was great. We were very pleased to find the mini-bar was empty and we could stock up the fridge with refreshments. At over 350.00/night with all the fees/taxes, it was pricey. There was a caf accessible from the hotel and we made a lot of use of it for a quick breakfast before heading out to see the sights. Overall it was really good, but expensive.
I am not Hyatt elite and I was reluctant to book this location. I opted for a suite and Kendal hooked me up with an amazing view for the week. Electronic blinds are nice, bathroom spacious, shower walk in. Beds are old - Marriott and Westin have better beds without question. Televisions stink (outdated and small). Exercise room is significantly better than average. I could not talk the front desk into experiencing the concierge lounge for less than 50. Not drinking, I could not justify that cost. Housekeeping was excellent, I requested turn down. I did learn to request sheet changed daily - 3 day sheet changes is too much for me. Bell desk was prompt, friendly. They offered to take my bags up at arrival and I accepted - missed a tip when they forgot about me. Location here is ideal, I walked to everything and cabbed easily in the rain.
hotel has good name but need up date for the guess room.bath tower need change to new one and Electric curtain is not working. shower head need change to new one. location is excellent and in the center of the city.
My wife and I stayed here for a night in February 2015 to meet up with family from England and we were very impressed with the rooms and service provided. The hotel is in an ideal downtown location which means that you can walk to all the nearby restaurants and attractions.
Fourth of July is a time to hit the road and with 90-100 degree temps in Chicago, I went West for the cooler air of Seattle. When I was hotel shopping I saw that the Grand Hyatt's rates were identical to many others in the area, so I decided to jump in with them. After I booked, it gave me an option to try to upgrade to a suite for 39, so, I said What the hell! and went for it.After, arriving in Seattle and taking the rail line to downtown, I emerged and walked 2 blocks to the Grand Hyatt. The lobby was quiet, intimate and spacious. Cassie welcomed me and began to check me in. She confirmed she upgraded me to the Emerald suite and told me I really gotten a good deal! I hope so, I though to my self. I ended up on the top floor with an amazing view of the sound, as well as much of downtown.The suite was awesome. It is hard to describe such an amazing room, with the view and all. It just sort of takes your breath away for a minute and you just soak it all in. None of the pictures here do this property justice. If you like what you see, you will be even more impressed when you are there. The suite did not even look like a hotel room, but rather some nice apartment I only wish I could afford. There were plenty of knick knacks, art, books, etc, all over. The Grand bed was - well, grand! You almost never want to get out of it. The linens were amazing, the bath stocked with every essential. Even a separate bath gel in case a bubble bath was in order (which it was one night). With more than enough room for two, several additional people could easily fit it with out any problems. Everything was neat, clean, comfortable, and housekeeping did an amazing job each day!The real gem of the hotel with Grand Club on 27. Although, not a lot of snacks, there were free sodas and juice all throughout the day. Tom, our host in the evening is the jewel holding the crown together! Beyond friendly, fun, and always on top of everything, he genuinely seemed to care! He remembered several guests drink choices from night to night (He certainly remembered mine, and I saw him acknowledge and recognize others). This level of personal attention is what sets this place apart from the rest.Watching the game on TV in the lounge, sipping a cocktail and munching on some cheese and veggies, I was quite happy. Tom seemed able to converse with kids and adults alike. Making his guests smile and happy seems to come naturally for him. Also a wealth of information on places to go, and the best way to get there, it was like having a live Google to chat with!The location of this hotel means that you really do not need a car. You can walk just about any where or a short cab ride at most. Save your money - forgo the car (and parking) and enjoy this city. There is a Starbucks and Deli in the lobby and several other Starbucks within a few blocks, so access to coffee and food are not a worry. Plenty of shopping and all the great attractions (Pike Place, Space Needle, etc) nearby!I would certainly stay here again - even if it cost a little bit more! Pamper yourself - relax and enjoy Seattle from the Grand Hyatt - it will be a a Grand Memory for sure!I appreciate you taking the time to give feedback on all the aspects of your stay with us at the Grand Hyatt Seattle. I am thrilled to hear that you chose us to spend your Fourth of July holiday with and that you were able to experience all that our hotel has to offer. Our suites are spacious and equipped with everything you need so I was glad to hear how comfortable you were. As well, I will certainly pass along the compliments to Cassie and Tom - they are truly a valuable part of our team. We look forward to welcoming you back to our hotel!Lindye W. Guest Relations Manager
We had a long weekend stay here in June and the hotel was great. We found the location to be perfect for getting everywhere in the city easy walking to many locations and very central. The staff in every area were very friendly, especially in the Club Lounge. We enjoyed great breakfasts in the lounge, and there were very nice views over the city. Rooms were lovely, and beds always Hyatt comfy. Great sleep and no significant street noise to bother you during the night. We love Hyatt and would love to return here again!
Nice rooms and bathrooms. Comfortable and clean room. Nice staff and it was a very quiet hotel. I did not get to try the sushi restaurant in the lobby...next time. Great part of town, 10 minute walk to Pikes Place.
The hotel is great, the rooms have been updated. My TV came well appointed with a new LG LED TV that was probably 50 inches, a stand alone shower with a separate bath tube. The furniture and the room are well maintained, and the hotel itself has kept current with its decor. The hotel has a nice gym, pool, and all the other things that make a Grand Hyatt a Grand Hyatt. The valet was very quick with the car which is always fantastic. My only pet peeve is that there are a Starbucks and small shop attached to the property, but they do not take room charges. When you are connected to the hotel, in the hotel's actual building, you should take room charges.
Nice hotel and the room itself was also quite good. Very comfortable, good internet and not too dated.The lounge is a bit poor with very few places to sit down and do some work. There's a business center but like it didn't exist. Pathetic. But overall, the hotel is pretty good,The restaurant is fabulous and so is the breakfast, but at a high price though.Location is perfect, right at the heart of Seattle and very close to a shopping mall.
Nice bathrooms. Great view on higher floors. Appointed well. Bathroom was awesome. Beds were ok. Not the softest or comfiest we have slept on. Staff was helpful except for the 3 hour wait to get our room. They said they would call. Never did. We got an email not a call. Customer service could be improved.
The Grand Hyatt Seattle is a great place to stay when visiting Seattle. The light rail goes from the airport to west lake station, just 2 blocks from the hotel. Given Seattle's terrible highway traffic, having a hotel that can be easily reached for a fee of 3.00 on the light rail is a huge plus. The hotel is within easy walking distance of all of the tourist sites, museums, cruise ship and ferry docks, as well as many bars and restaurants. If you are planning on spending all of your time in downtown, you will not need a car if you stay here. If you decide to venture out of the city, there is a Hertz car rental office located in the hotel parking garage. The hotel itself is very nice. The rooms are spacious, clean, and modern. The staff is very helpful and eager to make sure that your stay is stress free. If it happens to be raining, be sure to ask the front desk for an umbrella. They provide complementary sturdy and large umbrellas for guest use. We asked for a room with a view of the water. We had a room on the 25th floor that looked straight down Pine street to the famous Public Market sign. The view of Puget Sound was fantastic. I highly recommend this hotel.
We stayed here for six nights and absolutely loved this hotel. The rooms were quiet and very clean. Really large bed and huge bathroom. We actually extended our stay for another night we enjoyed being in Seattle so much. The hotel itself is ideally situated in the heart of town, just a short walk to Pikes Market and very close to shops and cinemas. We also found the staff very friendly and polite. We dined at the steakhouse and although we were not expecting it, it was fine dining and of course reasonably expensive, but definitely worth it. The steaks were divine! If I came back to Seattle again, I would definitely stay here. We loved it! The only small drawback that we didn't notice until one of our last days was that there was construction across the street. Luckily it didn't keep us awake. All in all I would definitely recommend staying here.
We were accommodated last minute on the same night that we arrived in Seattle for an emergency visit and it was a great choice in hotel due to the beautiful rooms and convenient location. The main complaint we had and reason why we'd also reconsider this hotel is the number of disruptions during the night. We were on the 27th floor this time and the stay before that, the 28th and the breakfast club had a toasted fire BOTH times! It was very inconvenient to woken up at 7am and have to run down 28 flights of stairs twice. It was a tough weekend due to the purpose of the visit and after a long day and night that was quite a disappointing situation.It would have been nice to be informed that it was taken care of, but we found that out after 20 minutes of waiting outside the hotel for 20-30 minutes each time thinking it was an emergency evacuation
Hotel felt very mellow, We hardly saw anyone in the hotel. Ruths Chris has a good happy hour,cheap drinks and apps .We checked in Saturday and were given a room on the 20th floor. Room was nice and modern. Bed was comfortable, roon had what we needed. Room rate of 143 and tax was 22 a day kind of nuts but oh well. This hotel is in a great locatio...close to everything Pikes Place Market, light rail station, monorail, bars with happy hour. Theight rail station to airport is only two blocks up. We also relaxed in the hot tub which was relaxing. Overall good stay , not crowded, great location, and nice rooms.
Great location and close to pretty much everything.What can you say really Room was great, spacious clean and well stocked, Bed was ultra comfortable and bathroom towels and amenities were all spot on. Only complaint could be that the T.V was very small compared to the standard of the room.Staff were great and always on point.I used the Hyatt Gym everyday and found it to be immaculate and never tooo busy.Only bummer was to pay for internet but at check out the lady asked if I wanted to join up to the Hyatt gold scheme and I did and then the internet was free but unless I had done that the internet was not free which considering the normal rate of the rooms is a little bit much in my opinion. On the subject of cost, I was on a discounted room rate but if I did take the going rate....all I can say is that if you want quality like this....expect to pay for it.Me and my girlfriend enjoyed and were comfortable every minute we were in the hotel.Thank you so much for your review. We're so glad that you enjoyed your stay with us. Your comfort and happiness are our main priorities and it's wonderful that the amenities, location and features of the room made your stay a good one. We look forward to welcoming you back on your next visit to Seattle.Sarah S.Guest Relations Manager
Very close to everything I wanted to see. CenturyLink Field, safeCo, and public market. There is a ton of food options with a sushi bar starbucks, Ruth Chris and a Cheesecake Factory in the same building. If you need it there is also a hertz car rental in the same building. One thing I would want is a balcony. Bathroom has a shower and a tub.
We just stayed here our second time and it is officially our go to hotel when in Seattle. I expect friendly service, clean room, good location, etc., and I got it all at a high level. The rooms are well designed--large shower, comfortable sized space in room, mini fridge, good bed. All employees are very welcoming. The Club is also a great option.
40 minutes drive from airport, easy to get to, ample parking, Wifi, 20 minutes direct bus ride to downtown Seattle only 2 frequent bus service. Room very clean and huge, bed and pillows very comfy had a brilliant sleep every night. Breakfast excellent with loads to choose from. Only downfall no Pool. I would definitely stay here again when I come to Seattle. We're happy to hear you enjoyed your stay with us during your time in Seattle. We do our best to meet all of our guest's needs, and the staff will be happy to hear they met all of your expectations.We hope that you will stay with us again during your future travels.Thanks so much,
Not realizing it would be Father's Day, and the golf tournament was going on, I was finding it difficult to book a decent and affordable room for this weekend. We were very pleased to find this place, perfectly located for the things we had planned in Seattle. The customer service was wonderful, the building was nice and clean and safe. Free breakfast and parking too. Only downside Other guests who can't be quiet. Some of us like to sleep past 5:30 am! I called the front desk to comment about it on the second morning, and I think they called the offenders, because it did quiet them down a little.Thank you for your feedback. We are pleased to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us, and we hope to see you again the next time you're in the Seattle area!
Rooms are big. All the amenities from bottled water, single coffee maker and the pods, toiletries, good wifi, full cable, ironing board/iron, mini fridge , comfortable beds and very accommodating staff, it's hard not to give it a good rating. Considering construction on some floors were ongoing, the management has been good at communicating details on a daily basis the... More
We came with a large family group and used four cabins. All were very well appointed. Only complaint was the one that my wife and I were in and it had a very squeaky floor (114). Otherwise the staff and accommodation's were all top notch. The harbor is a short two minute walk down a the pier and marina store.... More
If you are considering a visit to the pacific coast, don't wast your money on this place unless you are wanting to go somewhere to read or write a book. Our family just returned very disappointed. Granted, we are used to sunshine and palm trees, and were mentally prepared for that not being there, but the beach and little town... More
We had a one bedroom unit which was cozy, but we do like the two bedroom units better. It is a basic unit that needs quite a bit of upgrading including the beds. The location is great and the staff couldn't be nicer. The presentation about the area is outstanding, enjoyable, and well worth attending. There is a pool and... More
large king bed seat on toilet was a bit loose registration staff is quite nice less than 10 miles to touristy Leavenworth continental breakfast is not available every day, and it is different than what Choice Hotels provide. But satisfactory none-the-less.
I stayed here at the end of July, 2012. The owners made usre my family had the rooms they needed (6 of us). Their caring support and attention to our rest and comfort made this a great place. Nt every motel is going to be new. This experience remnded me of the importance of the people I do business with.... More
Comfortable- clean- easy location with lots of options to eat within walking distance. Walmart, Costco, Home Depot, Best buy, Safeway all very close. Here for soccer and fields were very easy to get to. Complimentary breakfast was very well stocked and fresh. Will stay here again if we come to the same tournament again next year.
Hotel was great! Area is beautiful, a lot of shops around. Family came down for years and had a great time at State Capital. Have stayed at Hotel before and will continue to stay whenever I have to work in area.
This was the fifth time our club has used the Best Western Plus Lacey Inn Suites facilities. The management is second to none in the way guests are treated and the facilities are maintained. We spent two nights for our day long exhibit in the hotel's conference room. The staff is okay with us inviting the public to see... More
I've started staying here while visiting relatives in the Olympia area. It's clean, right off the freeway, next door to Costco and close to Cabelas. It's a much better choice than the places I had stayed near College St. Breakfast is included and it's complete and convenient although the quality wasn't the best. I've always received excellent treatment from all... More
Hotel has very personable staff rooms are clean pool/exercise rooms are nice lots of restaurants/shopping nearby fairly close to train(which we travelled on this time)we liked the morning breakfast,too nice pool/workout room one of the best Red Robin's is nearby.
This is a newer Bestwestern and it shows. The staff is friendly and very helpful. The room was clean and everything worked very well. Fresh fruit at all hours . Restaurants close by with decent choices.
When we walked through the entrance we immediately received a warm and enthusiastic hello. Our room was top notch and staff very helpful. We had a room on the top floor which was very quiet. The breakfast buffet was excellent with excellent fresh produce and wide selection. Check in and out were quick. Would definitely stay there again.
Guestroom was clean and orderly as we would expect of a Wyndam Hotel. Breakfast was not well served or kept up during the time it was available. Plenty of coffee, though!
Very good value. Our heater was not working. We told the staff and was given another room right away. We found the staff helpful. Breakfast is adequate.
I've stayed here before while visiting family in Samammish. The room was clean but had no wasted space, the area is quiet, the staff were responsive. Pleasant staff. the internet was a little slow for my daughter, but I had no problems when I used it. Not advertised, but there is a little gathering area with table and chairs under... More
After a terrible experience at the beginning of our trip at a Days Inn, I was a little afraid of what I would find here. We had an advanced purchase booking, however, so had no choice but to brave the stay, and I was pleasantly and thankfully surprised! Room was beautifully clean and smell free, bed was comfortable, and the... More
We needed a hotel in this part of town, but had few options. We chose this hotel based on the brand and the price. We could have stayed elsewhere for less money, but assumed the higher price meant we'd be more comfortable. We were wrong. I would consider this hotel to be at the lower end of budget hotel comfort,... More
I am a frequent guest at this property during my business in the Seattle area and this experience was consistent with all of my other stays. The staff is extremely customer service oriented, especially Megan. The room was clean and well kempt.
The queen bed was comfortable. The room was clean. Bathroom is tiny and the proximity of the door to the toilet not optimal. Breakfast room clean. No boiled eggs or protein. There were bagels, yogurt, 3 dry cereals, milk, coffee and probably juice, oranges and typical red delicious apples.. It would have been nice to have something a little more... More
This place was somewhat too expensive for me, but I chose it because close distance to the Convention Center was critical for me, and closer hotels were even more expensive. The place is just 10 minutes walk from the Convention Center. The road from the enter to the hotel is uphill. My room was clean and spacious, with a closet. The windows faced downhill with a broad view. The only problem was a fan below the windows. I heard its noise when I opened the window. Nevertheless, my overall rating is very good.Dear mikhail534, Thank you for reviewing your recent stay at Hotel Sorrento.I am so pleased to know that you enjoyed the hotel's location and the guestroom appointments, I am, however, disappointed to learn of fan noise, when you opened the window. Please know that I very much appreciate your feedback, as it is only in this way that we can improve upon our shortcomings. We hope you will return again so we can ensure your stay is flawless from beginning to end. Best regards, Shannon Sheron, Managing Director
Beautiful hotel in a great location. Staff was friendly and helpful. We stayed in the Sorrento Suite, which was the perfect space to relax and also enjoy while getting ready to go out for the evening. There were no issues with noise at all. The bartender could actually make a cocktail and the breakfast was excellent. We will definitely return.Thank you for taking the time to share your experience with us. We strive to make this a relaxing and welcoming place for all our visitors. I'm happy to hear you enjoyed your breakfast and I agree that our bartenders can make a cocktail! Please come and stay with us again soon. Angie M. MykelGeneral Manager-Hotel Sorrento
Excellent hotel for location and price. Had two rooms for seven people and found them very comfortable. Rooms were spacious with comfortable queen beds. Would have like to have breakfast included at this price.Dear Smrboston,Thank you for taking the time to share your recent family vacation experience at Hotel Sorrento.We were thrilled that you enjoyed your visit! Your comment regarding breakfast is well received. We have been discussing lately the cost surprise that many Guests have with breakfast. We currently offer a BB package which is very useful and a better value and by the end of July we are testing a coffee feature in our fireside lounge, for the busy morning period that will offer delicious and quick options, along with the Dunbar's regular sit down menu. Your feedback seems right on target with our thoughts.I hope that you will find a reason to return, and see for yourself the options we are adding to breakfast to delight our Guests.Thank you again for choosing to stay with Hotel Sorrento.At Your Service, Shannon Sheron, Managing Director
I'd always stayed in downtown when I visited Seattle, but decided to try something different this time, which led me to The Sorrento. I couldn't be happier about my choice. The First Hill location is quiet, mostly residential plus a couple hospitals. It's sort of between Capitol Hill and downtown, which are my favorite neighborhoods and within walking distance. Immediately near the hotel, there are Starbucks, Top Pot Donuts, McDonald, Walgreens (I think) and Bank of America - all that convenience! The hotel itself is full of old world charm w/o feeling stuffy or dated. Its restaurant Dunbar Room was excellent - the ambience and hospitality actually reminded me of New Orleans. I stayed at the junior suite - it's big and has a lot of nice details from a design standpoint. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful, which made my stay even more wonderful. My only frustration was weak, spotty WiFi - it could just be that particular weekend but I'd keep in mind if you travel for business and WiFi is crucial.Any comparison to the Big Easy I'll take! I am happy to read your comments about the staff, I agree, they are wonderful. We're working to improve our Wi-Fi for the future. Thank you for the kind words regarding your experience at Hotel Sorrento. We look forward to welcoming you back soon!Angie M. MykelGeneral ManagerHotel Sorrento
Travelled with my partner to Seattle for the first time in July 2013, and after researching around on Tripadvisor and compare notes with other websites, we decided to pick Sorrento Hotel. And we did not regret it! :)It set a good start for our Seattle trip - we arrived a few hours earlier than the usual check-in time, and when we approached the reception to check-in, we were told we can do so right away - that put a HUGE smile on our face, since we've been up since 5am to catch our flight and we were totally worn out! Excellent customer service!This is an updated classic semi-luxurious hotel - I personally love the building, the hotel classic decor and settings, the room is updated and yet classy, clean, spacious and unlike other old hotels, it does not have that 'moldy' carpet smell. The room comes with your own freshly ground coffee and french-press.:)The location is great - within walking distance to literally everywhere. We walked to a whole lot of places, i.e. Pike Market, Capitol Hill, etc... we even walked all the way to the Space Needle!There's a li'l bar inside the hotel and I did enjoy a couple cocktails there. There's also a bar across the street called Quarter Lounge, check it out. And if you need pharmacy or coffee fix, they are all along the Main St right outside the hotel. Very convenient.Hope this helps. :)Wow! Thank you for such a great review.So glad you enjoyed your stay! Hope to see you again soon.Randall ObrechtGeneral ManagerSorrento Hotel
A perfect place to stay near major hospitals with discount rooms for patients. The large suite was very comfortable and well appointed but the air conditioner was very noisy and the pipes were leaking from the unit. All of the staff were very friendly and most helpful with special needs for the patient.Thank you for your feedback - we're glad you found our hotel convenient for your stay. Thank you also for your feedback on your air conditioner and the pipes. We are in the process of upgrading many things at the hotel including the pipes attached to the air conditioning. We hope you'll return for a visit in the future!
I stayed in the Sorrento at First Hill in Seattle on business. While an older hotel it was warm and inviting with a friendly staff and a great location. The lounge was a fantastic place to hang out and the bar/restaurant just right. Note to the hotel: The single elevator seems to be a bit creaky and should be replaced, though.Thank you so much for your kind comments. I am so glad that you found our location to be so convenient. Hope to see you again soon!Randall ObrechtGeneral ManagerSorrento Hotel
This hotel is fantastic in so many ways. Check-in was a breeze as we were warmly welcomed. Upon inspecting our corner room, I saw that it was 2 double beds for our romantic getaway, which was not what I had planned. In a few minutes after calling the front desk, the clerk personally came up to accompany us to the same room 2 floors higher with a king bed--perfect! It was a suite but we have never seen such spacious hotel accommodations. The living room was huge the bedroom oversized as well. The bathroom was tiny, but not a problem. We have a round window that opened from the shower it was fun to open it a crack watch the street below as I showered! However, the street below was a problem overnight because the Sorrento is 2 blocks from the Virginia Mason emergency room entrance where all the ambulances begin end. I was awakened by sirens all night long, this wasn't even over a weekend! That is the only negative aspect of our stay, but it's enough to keep me from going back. We ate in their restaurant which was outstanding. We frequently utilized their free shuttle service to the downtown area. It is also close enough to walk if you have the energy and time and aren't carrying a boatload of shopping bags. We did not need a car while we were there which meant we did not use the valet. The staff was outstanding in every encounter I had with them. The beds were great, the view isn't great, but the windows were large. And the interior of the hotel is just plain gorgeous. The coffee bar is very nice since we love French-pressed coffee there is a small frig in the room as well. I only wish it was in a quieter location. I booked this stay through booking.com and was pleased to find that this did not affect how we were treated at all.Thank you for taking the time to write a review about your recent stay with us. As you mentioned, we are located two blocks from the hospital, but by city ordinance, the ambulances are supposed to turn off their sirens when they are four blocks away. Please know that I will be following up with our local ambulance services about their compliance with this ordinance. Otherwise, I was pleased to see that you enjoyed your experience. We look forward to seeing you again soon! My best, Sam Johnson
We had a great stay at the Sorrento. Staff was excellent very helpful with suggestions and making reservations for meals, etc. . We stayed in a Queen Suite. It's and older hotel with only 76 rooms but that's the type of hotel we like to stay in. They have a car that will take you anywhere in the downtown area. Location is excellent. Very easy to get around. There's a bar restaurant plus more restaurants and bars within walking distance. we love this review! Thank you for such kind words. Appreciate the praise!Randall ObrechtGeneral ManagerSorrento Hotel
From the minute the car pulled up outside, I felt we were in for a treat. It is not a place for minimalist loving, clean lines types but if you want old world grandeur a cosy, shut out the world, maybe even a club feel then this is the spot. Great staff, good food, very comfortable ensuite bedroom. It was tempting not to leave the hotel at all (we did!) due to the heavy rain just curl up on the sofa in the Fireside Room with a book (we did that too!) A very contented few days!Thank you so much for you comments, Mayloughlin! We're so glad you appreciated our quirky coziness and our staff! We hope to welcome you back again soon.
I stayed at Hotel Sorrento for 6 nights in September. I loved the character and charm of this hotel. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. It was 5-star service, particularly with the friendly doormen always assisting and welcoming guests.The lobby and fireplace room are so cozy and atmospheric. Loved the wine hour they put on each evening. Drinks and breakfast were excellent, too. When the weather cooperated, we enjoyed sitting outside around the fire. The location was perfect, a quick jaunt to the main attractions and the convention center, but away from the hustle and bustle. It is a downhill walk to Pike Place Market and surrounds.. so we enjoyed walking down there, walking around, and then taking Uber back to the hotel once we were tired. Also enjoyed being a short walk to Capitol Hill. We loved that they changed the carpets in the elevator each day. Just another example of Sorrento's panache. Our room was clean, quiet, charming, and comfortable. Loved everything about this stay!The word panache is simply not used enough! We love it as a descriptive for the Sorrento! Thank you for all the lovely feedback, especially in regards to the service. Our team wants to relay how much they value our guests, and we are always happy when it shows. It sounds like you were able to enjoy the best of both worlds during your stay. The Fireside is such a wonderful space for when it is cold or dreary and the Garden and the fire pit is such a treat when the rain decides to stay away. We couldnt be happier that you enjoyed your stay. We hope to see you again if you are in our neighborhood in the future!
I have stayed at a bunch of places in Seattle over the past 20+ years and my favorites have changed as staff, ownership, dating, maintenance, etc change. For years it was the Alexis then the Fairmont and Four Seasons then The Inn at the Market. the past few years we have stayed at the Hyatt but I thought I would try the Sorrento this weekend as I found a 249 suite deal. The rooms were huge and perfectly maintained and appointed. We loved having a book shelf filled with real books. The common areas were great and I honestly love a hotel where you can actually use the stairs anytime not just when the hotel is on fire. The staff was super friendly and helpful. This is our new favorite.Wow, parisryan, you know your Seattle hotels! I am thrilled that we are on the top of that prestigious list. Real books, real stairs, and super friendly staff, we have it all! Please come back and visit us again soon, we would be delighted to welcome you back. Cheers!Angie M. MykelGeneral Manager- Hotel Sorrento
This is the best Seattle hotel experience. The rooms and beds are so comfortable, in fact I purchased their pillow for home. This boutique hotel caters to your every whim and offers amenities and services you won't soon forget. The hotel is walking distance to everything the city has to offer.Thank you for your kind words! So glad you enjoyed our bedding, I forget how spoiled we are! Sleep tight.Randall ObrechtGeneral ManagerSorrento Hotel
So lucky we found this hotel on Trip Advisor. The decor was all wooden and very traditional (right up my husband's alley!). And it was very old school. . .in a good way. The staff was very helpful with all of our needs (and we had a couple special needs as my husband recently was in the hospital). Our room was great, bed super comfy, pillow choices, etc. Can't wait to get back to Seattle!Thank you so much for the kind words. I hope your husband is recovering quickly and I am glad that our staff was helpful in making him more comfortable. We hope to see you again, under more pleasant circumstances. Thank you!Randall ObrechtGeneral ManagerSorrento Hotel
Ehhh. It wasn't what we expected at all. The bar service was great, although very small. The room was really hot at night and the heater is really old. Not worth the price per night. One of the car hop workers were confusing and slightly rude but the rest of the staff was nice. Could be reminded about manners though.
My husband and I stayed at the Sorrento the night before leaving on and after returning from a cruise. So we got to see the hotel on a Friday and Saturday night a week apart.The staff was wonderful. When we arrived, they got our name from the luggage tags and were already getting us checked in before we even came in the hotel. The concierge was helpful in arranging scheduling the complementary town car service to the pier and area restaurants for us, as well as the dock for our cruise departure. They also picked us up when we returned.The hotel restaurant was good, though not exceptional. We had breakfast in the restaurant one morning and room service the other. Service was friendly.We were subject to a Sweet 16 party our 1st night in the hotel. We complained about the noise and when we returned for our 2nd night the next weekend, we were upgraded. We appreciated the gesture, however that weekend, a Bat Mitzvah was taking place. Also a very noisy occasion. So 2 young ladies enjoyed their big nights, while we did not.The hotel is lovely. The staff exceptional. Street noise is not a problem. Parties on the 7th floor - big problem. Great location - close enough to everything without being too close. The complementry car service is a big plus.
Classic old hotel, with friendly and attentive staff. Great location. This is not a new modern hotel, but one with warmth and personality. A delightful discovery. The only complaint is the slow wi-if.Thank you for your kind words. So glad you find our Hotel to be unique and our staff to be so attentive. Made our day. Randall Obrecht General Manager Sorrento Hotel
I'm a classic girl. When I travel, I usually stay in private clubs or five-star hotels, and studiously avoid the trendy. A friend raved about the Sorrento, which I'd heard about via its intriguing cultural programming and Night School series, and when some us suggested a weekend to meet up there, I thought I'd give it a go. More than anything, it reminded me of the hotels I like in Europe, the sort of family-owned, off-the-beaten-path but always in the best locations kind of places one only ever discovers through word of mouth. Well here's a little secret for you: in Seattle, stay at the Sorrento. There's even a charming little book in the room detailing its history, as a Belle Epoque refuge in a tranquil setting that became the place to take an apartment for wealthy local families during the Roaring '20s. Much of this enchanted ambiance remains. Highlights I enjoyed dinner in the Hunt Club, and the perfect cappuccino with the paper at breakfast the next day, a glass of wine by the fire in the main lounge, with its echoes of Timberline Lodge on Mount Hood, another of my favorites in the region (without the high-altitude dizziness here), curling up on six pillows on my bed to read in blissful silence with a view of a gargoyle standing guard on the roof outside, making a very civilized cup of tea in my room with Theo Chocolates from the well-stocked minibar... the list of memorable perfect touches goes on and on... I would encourage you to check in to the Sorrento and make your own. A perfect ten in my book it gets its own chapter.
A bit delayed in adding this review but we still have fond memories of the Sorrento. Everyone on the staff went out of their way to make us feel welcome. The room was gorgeous - we were even upgraded to a suite - and service was impeccable. Highly recommend the Sorrento for business or personal trips.
Like I said, Service Service, Service, the old fashion way. We booked this on line and went off the reviews from Tripadvisor. The hotel is more incrediable in person. We happen to love the decor. The staff was over the top friendly and helpful. Someone said it was a noisy intersection, we didn't notice, our window faced the front of the hotel. The room was awesome, with a separate lounge area and bedroom. I felt like a queen in bed with all the down pillows, I was watching the Royals and waiting for the new prince to be born. I wish we could have stayed longer. We will be back if opportunity allows it. Thank you for your kind words! I agree, a perfect place to watch the Royal wedding! Hope you came down for afternoon tea. :)Randall ObrechtGeneral ManagerSorrento Hotel
My son lives in the neighborhood, so before I got to know the area, I initially visited the Sorrento for the convenience. I quickly realized what a remarkable place this is to stay. The service is outstanding, the rooms are quiet, beautiful, and comfortable, and the ambiance can't be beat. It is more expensive than other nearby places, but it is so worth it. We are so thankful for staying with us given your son's close proximity, I hope we will become you new home-away-from-home when visiting!Mike WestGeneral Manager
Close to everything, charming, classic, modern, elegant, w/achievement of service excellence. My go-to for every visit to Seattle. Expect a great experience with easy access (assuming you enjoy a nice walk) to everything the city has to offer.Make sure to pay attention to the mat in the hotel elevator each day - they've never missed a day.Thank you for sharing your thoughts on your stay, and we are so please to hear that we are your go to hotel for your trips to Seattle! We look forward to welcoming you back again soon.
Just had another spectacular stay at my favorite hotel in Seattle the Sorennto. I was in town to attend the annual Bumbershoot festival, and I wouldnt dream of staying anywhere else. The level of service here is nothing short of stellar. I cant thank Lisa and her team enough for handling my myriad requests. And every department went out of their way to personally greet me during my stay which of course is no surprise because this hotel is truly a home away from home gem. Cant wait to come back!Dear Troy,Thank you taking the time to share your recent return visit to Hotel Sorrento, on TripAdvisor, with other travelers.I was delighted to read that enjoyed the Bumbershoot Festival and found our hotel and team top notch and successfully able to resource any requests that you had.No need to dream of any other location in Seattle, we want you back! Please allow us to coordinate your return visit and personally oversee any requests that you may have. Warmest regards.Shannon Sheron, Managing Director
I was very impressed with the Sorrento Hotel. The bed was covered in high quality pillows of varying firmness, the sheets were also high quality, and the comforter was similar to the Heavenly bed at Westin. Free high speed internet access was definitely a major plus, as were the free NY Times and Wall Street Journal in the lobby.Although their valet parking was expensive, there is plenty of metered on street parking in the area (meters not read from 6 pm to 8 am).My only complaint was that the room was somewhat small for a hotel of this quality. Although the square footage was probably about average, a lot of in was wasted on the long hallway in the room. The actual living area was somewhat cramped, especially when the pillows were removed from the bed. Still, I thought the hotel was an excellent value for the money, and I would definitely stay there again.
We spent one night at the Sorrento to attend a friend's event. Our room was not ready when we arrived at 3pm, but they got it together reasonably quickly and were suitably apologetic. Otherwise the service was attentive and personal. The hotel has old world charm and would make a good choice for a romantic weekend or quick business stopover. We didn't try the restaurant, but the food served at our event was excellent.Thank you for taking the time to write about your stay with us. I'm happy to read that our staff responded appropriately to the delayed check-in. I'm pleased to work with such a professional staff. I'm sorry to hear that you weren't able to dine in our restaurant during your stay. However, the excellent event meal you described was exactly what we aim in our Catering department. Our Executive Chef worked to create a catering menu that has functionality for large groups, but retains the quality you expect in a restaurant setting. So, in a way you were able to try some of our restaurant highlights! We hope you have a return stay planned, and that you'll be able to try out the actual restaurant. We'll be sure to have your table waiting. Cheers!Angie M. MykelGeneral ManagerWe hope to welcome you back soon and hopefully yo
Stayed two nights. Felt like they only cater to the rich and famous - that applies mainly to the front desk people and the one female staff member during the Hosted Wine Hour. The housekeeper on my floor, the restaurant gentleman at breakfast, and the valet gentleman were very nice.45.00 per night for valet parking! I realize parking is a premium in Seattle, but Wowie! The only other option is street parking (move it by 8AM) or metered lot across the street. Neither option desirable considering the known car thefts in the area. I hit the restaurant for breakfast only once. Over-priced, fair portions. Friendly gentleman served me. Not many people there at 8:00AM. Ate my protein bar for breakfast the next day instead. The hotel is OLD. The room was updated with modern amenities, including USB ports and plugs for gadgets, flat screen TV, fridge, modern shower fixture, over the sink lighting, free internet.The floor in my room creaked at every step. The room smelled musty. The windows do not block the sound well and one would not latch. Thank goodness for the room darkening curtains and my personal ear plugs! The HVAC was OK - did the job and was not loud. King Sized bed was comfy with lots of pillows. Noisy - The hotel is a couple of blocks from Swedish Hospital and Virginia Mason - hence sirens at various times of the night. Also note it IS in downtown Seattle a few blocks up from I-5.Nice walk in closet. Stocked honor-bar (very pricey! 8.00 for water!) . Save your money, walk 2 blocks up to Bartell Drugs for water and snacks. The bathroom is VERY small. You have to close the door to use the sink. The door will not stay open unless you block it with something. The light from the streets at night are very bright so you have to close the door. Definitely room for only one person. There is no counter space, unless you count the little shelf above the sink. When I mentioned the door at check out, she said we'll check on that. Yeah...right.Dear Neelee, Thank you very much for your honest feedback. At Hotel Sorrento we continue to improve and make upgrades that are meaningful to your Guests, your feedback is being used to prioritize these improvements. I do hope we have the opportunity to welcome you back again in the future so you can have an impeccable stay with us. Sincerely, Shannon Sheron, Managing Director
From the moment you arrive to the moment you leave, the team at the Sorrento makes you feel welcome and works to make sure you have everything you need. Everyone was kind and gracious. I loved that the rooms had a french press system with quality coffee and tea. The beds and bedding were very comfortable.
I love old hotels when they have been impeccably preserved like this one. The rooms are comfortable, everything works in the marble bathrooms, the staff is helpful and friendly. The new owners seem to be trying to relax a little of the stuffiness without sacrificing the elegance, and they are doing a good job. The location on Pill Hill makes it convenient for doctor visits. Be sure to ask for their medical rate. The restaurant is good, but you can also go across the street to the Corner Cafe for breakfast or lunch, or down one block to the popular Vito's for dinner.This old dame is quite a charmer! I'm glad you appreciate all the work that has gone into keeping her as beautiful as the day she opened! Yes, we're definitely about being upscale, not uptight. Glad you felt that. I'll be sure to pass along your feedback to our new management.Hope to see you again soon!Angie M. MykelGeneral ManagerHotel Sorrento
The Sorrento is a wonderful hotel! Everyone is very friendly and helpful. The rooms are quite comfortable. They offer valet parking. We enjoyed drinks in the Dunbar Room and breakfast the next morning. We stay at the Sorrento whenever we are in Seattle.Thank you for your continued support and patronage of Hotel Sorrento! It is always so nice to hear from our regular guests and we look forward to welcoming you back again soon. Mike West General Manager
Pleasant stay in hotel that was quiet and clean. The breakfasts were fine. The staff pleasant and courteous. We found good restaurants close by as well. Though I was at first disappointed in how it looked, I have to say, the end overall impression was very good.
Within walking distance of restaurants and easy access to I-5. This is always a clean hotel with friendly staff. Very comfortable beds with multiple pillow choices. Continental breakfast is the same quality as other hotels--simple and satisfying. The only negative is the pool feels too cold.
This hotel is situated right in the heart of the city, so is perfect for tourists. It has history, and has a comfortable feel to it. The rooms are well appointed, and the bed was one of the most comfiest we ve ever slept in. We didn t eat in the restaurant as it was quite pricy. The one thing that detracted from our visit, and this was nothing to do with the hotel, is that there are some really weird dropouts hanging around, and they made us feel quite uncomfortable at times.
Great location, we walked to, many of the down town areas, most of the time. Monorail station is adjacent to the hotel. Light rail is less than a block away. Bed was very comfortable. The hotel is very quite. Lots of shopping available close to the hotel. We were upgraded to a room with double bathrooms- VERY NICE!!!
This hotel , although recently renovated , has a warm traditional/ old fashioned feel to it . Good mixture of vintage style modern style furnishings . Very comfy bedrooms with plenty of space . If traveling solo you can feel comfortable in Olivers . Pretty...More
This was my third time staying at the Mayflower and I love everything about it. It is beautiful, the location is fantastic, could not ask for better service and what's not to love about a martini bar just feet away from the elevator. I received a complimentary upgrade to a suite and it was perfect!!!!
This was a great hotel. Check in efficient and we were given maps and local information. The room was very spacious, clean, quiet and not over-heated.A great location to walk to all key attractions - shopping, Seattle Centre, Pike market place.Would be happy to recommend this hotel to any of my friends travelling to Seattle.
Stayed here on a few day holiday to Seattle. Location is pretty good so it has that. I also appreciate every hotel in Seattle is hugely expensive but this place is very high and for this sort of price I expect perfection and having stayed all over the world in top business hotels in major cities this was just poor comparedStaff on desk were very pretentious and i felt thought their hotel was above us, the internet was essentially unusable and it just did not feel welcomingMatthew L,Thank you for your comments. I would like to hear more about your experience with the front desk staff as they are such an essential part of the hotel experience. Please feel free to reach out to me via email so I can try to find where we can improve for our guests benefit. Best Regards, -Taylor England - Front Office Manager - tayloremayflowerpark.com
The Mayflower Park hotel is located in a great place if you like to walk around the attractions of Seattle. Easy access by light rail from the airport,about halfan hours travel and frequent departures. Only one and a half block away from the station.Three blocks away from Pike Market Place, one block from the tramway to Union lake and close to shopping. The staff are very helpful and friendly.The hotel is one of the historic Hotels of the USA and has been beautifully maintained and refurbished.I stayed there twice and was very happy with my rooms, which were spacious and well appointed.
I grabbed this good deal on Hotwire for about 80 per night. Of course, being right in the city, we had to pay for valet parking through the hotel for 20 per night. But this still was cheaper than most hotels in the area. This hotel was by far the fanciest accommodations we stayed in on our trip to Washington State, and a great way to end our vacation.Since we left the car with the valets (and didnt want to pay for parking around the city), we simply walked everywhere around town. Pike Place Market is just four blocks from the hotel, and the waterfront is just a few blocks past that. We walked over to the Seattle Center (10 blocks), but have to admit that we rode the monorail back. It stops right in the mall that connects to the back of the hotel--very convenient!! We also walked to Pioneer Square (13 blocks) and even walked to the REI flagship store (13 blocks).We stayed on the 8th floor, looking towards 5th Street. Our room with a king-sized bed was super comfy and everything was extremely clean.
This hotel is like being in Mecca if you're idea of Nirvana is shopping. It is very easy to locate in Seattle. The car valets were helpful and courteous. The front desk staff were prompt. And the concierge, well, he was the absolute best we have ever had. He had suggestions for shows, attractions, timelines, and restaurants. He even made suggestions for what to order off the menus!The room we had was a standard with a small queen. It was a corner room with 2 windows that opened to let in fresh air (yes, you need fresh air even in frigid February). It was a little stuffy without the windows being left open. I would say spend a little extra money and get a deluxe room with a king. The bathroom was also very small and not big enough for 2 people sharing! Definitely need either 2 bathrooms (as some of the more deluxe rooms have), or ask for one with a larger bathroom.However, we didn't spend hardly any time in the hotel as we were out and about so much.The location was ideal. One block from either direction of both Macy's and Nordstrom's (and about 6 Starbuck's coffee bars in a 4 block radius). Plus, just 5 minute walks from other name-brand chains. And close to Pike Place market and great venues like the Triple Door, and fantastic restaurants. Too many restaurants to choose from. All that means is that we will need to go back and try them all out. And we will definitely be staying at the Mayflower Park Hotel plan to make it 'our hotel' whenever we go to Seattle.
Very OLD hotel with rooms that have probably been improved sometime within the last 4 decades, but hard to tell. Great downtown location, with the light rail station to the airport and monorail to the Space Needle and music museum essentially in-house. The bar Olivers and restaurant Andaluca are above average. But the rooms are old, the bathrooms cramped and cracked and showing age, the carpet stained and threadbare. And the WORST hotel towels I have experienced since a visit to a Motel 6 in the '80s . . . a car wash would be ashamed to use these sandpaper-like mini-towels. No mini-bar, must pay for ANY bottled water . . . but at least internet access was complimentary. All told, not bad, but I think I will try something else next time.
We ended up staying here last minute when other plans fell through and we were very pleased. It's within walking distance to Seattle Center which makes it great if you're going to the Pacific Science Center which was the reason for our visit. The room was great and the staff was very helpful. It's kind of tucked away in a semi-industrial looking area which concerned me a little bit at first because we had our young children with us but after walking around the neighborhood at night I realized it wasn't a problem. There is a QFC (grocery store) just around the corner which was great for grabbing snacks for the room and a quick bite before we hit Seattle Center. You can walk to Pike Market from here but it's about 1.5 miles away. We just walked there during the day and took a cab back to the hotel at night. All in all I enjoyed the stay there and would recommend it if you want to be in the Seattle Center area.
We came in a day early for our Alaskan cruise, and we stayed the night at the Four Points by Sheraton. It was very conveniently located for sightseeing as the Space Needle and Chihuly Gardens are only a ten minute walk away. We ate dinner at the restaurant at the hotel, and the food was good. The portions are generous. The waiter was very friendly and told us stories about working as a commercial fisherman in Alaska. Everyone at the hotel is very friendly. We did have one odd experience. They signed us up for a shuttle to take us to the cruise terminal, simply putting us on a list. When the shuttle driver dropped us off at the terminal, he told us we needed to give him a voucher or pay him 7 per person. This was odd since no mention was ever given of the need to have a 7 voucher when we talked to the front desk about the shuttle. I'm not sure what happened there, but since everything else went so well, I'm thinking it must have just been an oversight. I was more than willing to pay for the transportation, but it just felt very awkward. Overall though it was a very good visit. Dear Christine, Thank you so much for your kind review, we really appreciate your comments regarding our convenient location, the Fire Side Cafe restaurant and our friendly staff! I am very sorry for the miscommunication about the shuttle to the terminal. We should have been more efficient at communicating the 7 cost per person for the transportation. We are very happy you had a good visit over all, and hope to see you again the next time you are in Seattle!
I always stay at this Four Points in Seattle because I am welcomed with a warm smile. It makes me feel less distant from my family and cheers me up after a long day of travel. After only two stays, Abdi remembered me. He greets me by name and introduces me to his colleagues, like long time friends. Outside of feeling at home, this property is modern and well maintained. Has underground parking and gym. It is centrally located to great restaurants, sites and running paths. Enjoy your stay.
Our family stayed there for one evening in March and were not impressed. The hotel is newly renovated, however the building is quite old. You can hear people walking, talking, running. If you have kids staying above your suite, good luck on getting any sleep. While having breakfast, in the morning, the fire alarm went off, and it was very loud and went off for quite some time, possibly 10 min, we were all looking at each other, thinking what to do, while the staff was walking around casually, there was no direction, evacuation procedure, zero communication. Finally, we asked one of the servers if he knew what was happening, he explained that they will be here soon to fix it. That was it. After we checked out, my wife realized that she had left her gold bracelet on the night table. We phoned the hotel and returned only to find nothing and that the staff no e speak English. Only the cleaning staff has access to a securely card-lock controlled room. We are told basically too bad, so sad. We wrote letter and called the hotel and head office. The same response, sorry, could not find it Basically, the gold bracelet walked out of the room on its own. Very dissatisfied and unhappy. Very unresponsive management. Will not stay there, nor will we recommend it. We paid to stay at a hotel and get robbed.Dear Valued Guest,We appreciate your candid response. I apologize on behalf of Four Points by Sheraton that your stay was not as expected.Yes we are a fully renovated new hotel in Seattle, and I apologize for the fire alarm. When this happened we were instructed by the Fire Department to wait until they arrived to silence it.Regarding your gold bracelet, as we discussed earlier, we did do a thorough investigation looking for this and questioned our staff. The Housekeeper that cleaned your room is a trusted and valued employee. It is unfortunate the bracelet was missing, but were not able to locate it anywhere.I apologize for these situations again. By far, most guest experiences here are excellent and guests are pleased. If we are able to have you back please contact me so that I can personally make sure we take care of your stay.Thank you,Joe AlbertsGeneral Manager
You can walk to the Space Needle, and the fabulous Glass Garden in minutes, and there is a grocery store as well as many local restaurants all within walking distance. The Hotel was very nice, one night they had a free craft beer tasting with free appetizers, very nice touch. We stayed in a two room suite - was a bit shop worn furniture, rug wise, but all else was nice and clean. Staff were helpful, however some didn't understand English. Breakfast was great. A nice, clean and convenient place to stay!
We had two rooms booked for a post cruise stay at this hotel. We checked in for 2 nights on July 22. When we entered the hotel lobby there were a ton of people either waiting for rooms or trying to check in. It seemed there was no organization at all.I am an SPG member and booked one king room on points and booked a 2 bedroom suite at full rate. At the desk, I was not greeted as an SPG member. I was told our rooms would not be available until 3pm. It was about 10am. I complained a bit and was told the hotel was fully booked the night before and there is nothing available. My group and I decided to book a tour of Seattle to pass the next few hours.We arrived back at the hotel at 3pm and found only one room available. Needless to say, this did not sit well with my group. We were all very tired and just wanted to get to our room to relax. About 45 minutes later, a room was found for us and we were told to head up...except and the other desk attendant said No, that room is set for another person. The woman helping us said that the room in question should not have been given to another party. Now we are mad. Finally the woman helping me found yet another room. I told my party our initial room was given away and that second desk attendant chimed in with no it wasn't. Those other people have been waiting since 7 am! Once we finally received the room key we grabbed our luggage and tried to get on the elevator. What a mess that was! There was a group of folks with a luggage cart filled to the brim trying to maneuver it onto the elevator. It was too heavy for the elevator so they were stuck half in and half out blocking up the hallway! Finally we got through and went up to our room.Our room was the 2 bedroom king suite. It was a nice room. Unfortunately there was a big iron mark in the rug but it was clean. There are no phones in the bedrooms. Only one phone on the desk in the living room. The room was spacious and comfortable. There is only one bathroom. It has 2 doors, one opens to the main living area and the other opens to a bedroom. One problem in the bedroom was the door stop for the bathroom door is right by the bed where you step when getting out of bed! That is a design flaw that really should be corrected! The bath was large and clean.As usual in the Sheraton chain, the bedding is fantastic! Overall, the room was great for what we needed. It slept the three of us comfortably. The location is good to the Space Needle. The area is a bit rundown but there are some places to eat, which we did not do. I would stay here again if they work out the delays in check in. In the meantime, if you are staying here, I suggest you request a guaranteed early check in time to avoid the hassles we endured. I did explain all of these concerns on my SPG emailed survey and was pleasantly surprised to be contacted by the hotel manager via email. He apologized for the circumstances and said the hotel is working on the influx of cruise passengers and trying to figure out its policies for check in times. His prompt response was unexpected and completely appreciated! I was also issued some SPG points as compensation. Because of his attention I do not hesitate to recommend this property. It is a fair price in a good location with fantastic beds!
This hotel has what you need. Nice friendly staff, well set up clean rooms, close to activities, priced competitively. Stayed 2 nights July 5th and 6th before departing on Alaska cruise. They included breakfast do to construction across street. I would recommend and certainly stay here again.
Seven of us flew into Seattle relatively late in the day and stayed overnight at the Four Points. The next AM we were able to use a meeting room to prepare for our business meeting in Seattle (walking distance from the hotel, in fact). While the hotel does not have a lot of frills but the kitchen was open until 10:00 and the bar until midnight and the staff was both accommodating and friendly. The hotel had a functional exercise room that is open 24 hrs (six pieces of standard equipment and a set of weights) which is adequate for the number rooms. Although ostensibly a tobacco free facility I was fairly certain that one of the previous guests smoked extensively in my room which detracted from my visit as did the noise from the ice machine directly opposite my room. The room in fact was a roomy king with a good desk with multiple power outlets. WiFi was complimentary. All in all the price was right compared to other higher end places in the neighborhood.Thank you for sharing your review. We are happy to hear you enjoyed your experience while staying with us and are glad we were able to assist you in preparing for your business meeting. We take great pride in providing our guests with a smoke-free environment and apologize for any lingering traces of smoke. We will share this feedback with the team to ensure this does not happen again. We are glad you found our team to be both friendly and accommodating and we look forward to seeing you again, Steve. Take care.
I enjoyed a nice visit to the Four Points. The front desk team is very welcoming. Parking is very secure and only accessed by room key. One suggestion is to request an interior room as it may be quieter. Earplugs are provided (which says something), but I couldn't sleep in them. Also, if you are a coffee drinker, go ahead and ask for extra coffee pods and creamer at the beginning. Restaurant food was very good for breakfast and dinner.
Due to its proximity near Key Arena (where I was seeing a concert), Id figure it would be best to stay at a nearby Starwood property. This particular location was about a 10 minute walk (1km) to the venue, with restaurants along the way, and its also near the Seattle Space Needle for those who want to do some sightseeing. Note that this property use to be under the management of Comfort Suites.I redeemed my Starpoints for this stay this was an SPG category 3 hotel, with redemption starting at 7,000 starpoints. Parking was 15/night and is underground and gated.A walk into the lobby and you can tell that it was recently renovated, with a huge lobby, dining, and bar area. There was a dedicated SPG check-in counter along with dedicated SPG rooms. This property was also recently upgraded to RFID sensor locks instead of the traditional old style swipe card door lock. This was a nice feature due to the recent security concerns with the swipe card locks.Upon check-in I was told that I received a complimentary upgrade to their Deluxe Room (from Traditional), which features larger rooms and a sofa/couch. The hotel window faces the Space Needle and the Bill Gates Foundation. I was also offered the choice of a complimentary drink or extra points. No point asking for complimentary wi-fi since their wi-fi cost is already included in the room price.For those who dont know, Four Points is considered one of the budget brandings for Starwood. I came here with no high expectations at all. However, to my surprise, I would consider this a pretty good property with clean rooms and comfortable bedding. In fact, I would have given the staff members my remaining 4 x 500 starpoints codes.if I hadnt forgot about them at home. Highly recommended.Thank you very much for the review. We are pleased to hear we exceeded your expectations and you enjoyed the comfort of your room. Are staff are among our best assets and we are thrilled to hear they made your stay pleasant. Thanks again for your kind words.
The service and room were very nice. The room was quite and clean and had comfortable seating. The shower was modern and also very clean. I loved that they provided ear plug on the night stands. I did not need them here but they came in handy at other hotels later in our travels. The hotel was close to the Space Needle and the other attraction near there but not close to Pike's Place Market and other downtown restaurants and shops. If you don't mind a walk or grabbing other transportation, this hotel is a good value.Thank you for your review. We are happy to hear you enjoyed your stay. We do strive to provide a great hotel at a great rate and we are pleased to hear you appreciated the value. We hope to welcome you back the next time you are in Seattle!
The hotel is located just a few blocks from the Seattle Center. It's basically like most other Four Points hotels. Staff is friendly and helpful. Rooms have a good size are clean and have comfortable beds. Overall not bad really.Dear Ralf, Thank you for taking the time to write your review of our property, your comments are very much valued. We really appreciate your comments regarding our location of our hotel, our staff, the rooms and it's value. We hope that the next time you are in Seattle that you will stay here at the Four Points by Sheraton Downtown Seattle!
I was double charged !!! And the staff acknowledged this, but have done nothing to debit me back for the night I did not stay here. I wouldve given this property a perfect score, the family and i loved our room and the location. However, I am hesitant to stay here ever again for fear the hotel will just decide to make whatever fraudulent charges to my account without my permission and for nights i did Not stay there. To top that off. This shouldve been something they credited me back asap, i shouldnt still be waiting for the money in my account days and days later, i dont appreciate how slow its taking the hotel to decide to refund me and get back to me, this made me negative in my account and accumulated bank fees. And not once has the hotel offered to compensate for the charges their mistake has made on my account and will continue to make until they put the money back into my account.
Went there for business, it wasn't the first hotel choice I had but it's what I ended up with.Rooms were very nice, fitness center had plenty of equipment, breakfast was excellent (received free vouchers for that, not sure if they always give those out), had a nice Wednesday happy hour (wing, BBQ, and drinks). The staff was friendlier and responsive than most places I've stayed.Walking distance to the Space Needle.There was a lot of construction and traffic in the area at the time I stayed, but it wasn't a major inconvenience.Thank you for your kind words about your recent stay. We are so happy to hear that your time with us exceed your expectations, and that you were able to take advantage of our Best Brews BBQ! We hope business brings you back to Seattle soon and that you are able to stay with us again.
Was pleasantly surprised about the level of comfort I found at this place for this low price. Beautifully renovated property in great location. Bar/Lounge on the ground floor and courtyard are very inviting and give you a homey feeling. I loved the new design. Very well done transformation from drab Choice Hotel this used to be. Will sure come back! Staying in a newly renovated property so close from everything at this low price - can't beat that. Lastly, there's a great little Thai restaurant called Bahn Thai just one block away.
For the price the Four Points is very nice. Bathrooms look like they had just been remodeled very clean. We stayed in two different rooms that were equally as clean. One room that night before we left on the cruise and then another room when we came back from our cruise. The staff was very helpful and friendly
I was surprised at how nice and cheap this hotel was. A friend and I stayed just one night for a girls night out in Seattle. It was a last minute booking and I was surprised at the cost so my expectations were not high. They upgraded us to a suite without us asking, it was great, clean and comfy.We're delighted to hear you enjoyed your girls' night. Thanks for sharing your feedback. We hope to welcome you back soon!
I was here a month ago for a business meeting for 3 nights. Somehow my points dint transfer to my account and their was no record of it Really! The hotel is nice looking and food was okay not great. And parking should be free. Paying 15 bucks a night is redundant. There is no curtsey whats so ever...... Not coming here anymore or any four Points.Thank you for taking the time to write a review. We strive to make all of our guests feel welcome, so we regret to hear about your experience. Your feedback is important to us and we want to make this right. Please reach out to me so I can make sure you receive your Starpoints and so we can discuss your review further. John, GM Four Points by Sheraton Seattle, john.markfourpointsseattle.com
I wanted to tell the manager wow that was a noisey toilet, wow that was a noisey heater! My room didn't have light canceling shades! There were towel setups for two guests and we stayed in a two bedroom suite. Having said all of that the room was nice and big. With a little thought it could be a nice place to stay.
This was a great hotel to stay in. We upgraded to a suite which was very comfortable. The room had a great view from the 24th floor. It was a corner suite. The only down side was the tower we were located in was not where the concierge suit was. We has to go down to the lobby and then walk across the lobby to the other tower. The good news was the room was ready at 11:30am when our east coast flight arrived in Seattle. This was a plus due to time zone differences.
A clean, well-run hotel in a great location for exploring the Queen Anne neighborhood of Seattle or walking to Seattle Center or downtown. I also found the staff particularly helpful and accommodating.Thank you kindly for taking the time to leave a positive comment regarding your stay!We do love our location and the nearby Iconic attractions like the Space Needle and Pike Place Market. I hope the next time you are in Seattle that you will stay with us again!
The rooms were good and clean, and so were the bathroom. I wished if they had any refrigerator in the room. Staff was very helpful. The breakfast options were disappointing. No omelettes and they charged 1 for every addition to scrabbled eggs. I had to pay 3 extra to get onions, peppers and tomatoes added to my scrabbled eggs. Except this, the experience was great. I loved the fireplace opposite the reception.Thank you for your kind comments about our great rooms and hotel staff. I am sorry about your experience in the restaurant options. We hope it wont keep you from coming back the next time you are in Seattle!
This hotel is a great place for business or vacation. The staff is friendly, the rooms are your typical Four Points rooms - standard for the Four Points brand. The suites are really nice, but not worth the extra money as the standard rooms include a small sitting area and a large desk that spans the long wall. The Wednesday night grill they include with the local brews deal is more than enough to make a dinner out of as well. Underground parking is really nice during the cold and rainy months. Within walking distance to the needle, but not near Pike's Market at all, would have to drive to get to that and parking downtown near that area is pretty expensive.Thank you for sharing your thoughts on our hotel. We are thrilled to hear you enjoyed your stay at our hotel and that you found our staff to be friendly. Its also great you were able to take advantage of our Wednesday night Best Brews BBQ evening reception. Our convenient location is not only walking distance to the Space Needle, but there is alternate transportation available to and from Pikes Market and the downtown business district, such as Monorail. Plus, our front desk is always happy to help arrange local transportation. These alternative transportation options may be less expensive than parking downtown depending, of course, on how long one plans to stay. Thanks again and we hope to see you soon. Take care.
The best part of the hotel is probably the bar/restaurant staff. Leslie in the bar is fantastic! She was attentive, social, and just really on her job with a great attitude to boot.Unfortunately, Leslie can't work everyday. We met the other bartender on our last night and it was a horrible experience. The breakfast staff was good. The food in the restaurant was much better than expected. The location is great (minus the construction).The front desk staff was mediocre at best. While they were nice...nothing was above par.Your feedback is much appreciated. Were disappointed to hear that your experience in the restaurant was less than par on your last night. We have brought this to the attention of our bartenders and front desk associates to ensure they all deliver consistent quality service to our guests. Thank you for staying with us and we hope you choose us again.
Great place, walking distance to good food and the Space Needle. there's a few run down buildings around the hotel but I never felt unsafe. A+ bartender too! Would definitely recommend staying here!!!
The Four Points was a great hotel choice for my family of 4. We booked online through their website using a AAA discount and scored a two-bedroom suite with a mini kitchenette for about 240 a night. The suite was spacious, and having a coffee maker, microwave and refrigerator made our stay in Seattle feel like staying at home. The lobby and my suite were clean, modern and renovated. The beds are comfortable -- even the convertible sofabed in the living room. The hotel is located a little less than a half mile north of the Seattle Center where the Space Needle, EMP museum and Pacific Science Center. My family had a great time in that area. The location is in what I'd consider a developing area. It's not touristy it's near a few auto shops, a business plaza and a few blocks from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. We felt perfectly safe walking in the evening and there are plenty of eating options, like a nice Pho Viet Anh and the corner QFC market which is open 24 hours.We took the monorail for 2.50 each way to get to Pike Place. That walk was a bit much for my 5 year old, so we took a taxi the next time and paid about 15-20, I believe. We stayed there for 3 days before the cruise, and I would be glad to stay there again. If you can afford it, you might want to stay closer to the Downtown area or Pike Place, but if you're looking for an affordable, spacious, comfortable and clean place, you might want to consider this place.
There are two big reason I stayed at this hotel. First that it was walking distance to the Washington State Convention Center. However there was a very step hill going down up before arriving there. Need to be in somewhat of good shape. Second was the price was the best for the location to the near the convention center. The trade off for the price, is this is an older hotel. The bathroom is very small, with a small door way. The room I had was a good size, and had a kitchenette. The room was very clean internet was free. The only problem I had with the room was the refrigerator was leaking on the floor, which made the room smell odd on the second day, and carpet wet. I should told the management.I will probably stay there again again next year, because of the price location.Hi Traveler - Thanks so much for your kind review. We always enjoy our convention guests and hope you enjoyed Seattle during your stay! Please come back and visit us again soon! Safe travels!
We arrived to Port Angeles from the road at night and were welcomed up. more like a bed and breakfast than some lesser hostels, uncrowded and friendly, we enjoyed our stay at toadlily. Cody is the delightfull owner, great to work with.. felt like home. Saul and Carisa
A tiny little multi-colored house converted to a small town hostel. If you are exploring the Olympic Peninsula and need a nice warm bed and some companionship of other travelers, this hostel serves that purpose perfectly. The manager (owner too) was extremely nice and set a great tone for the pace of life at the hostel. There is a small... More
All the usual chains in Wenatchee were uninteresting and overpriced so I drove west into Cashmere. The Village Inn is family run simple but spotless. More character, in a tidy gem of a town, and less expensive.
We had a short stay at the hotel but it was quiet, clean and right next to a Taco Bell. It made it nice not needing to dive to find dinner.
We had a short stay at the hotel but it was quiet, clean and right next to a Taco Bell. It made it nice not needing to dive to find dinner.
The Polynesian Resort is located at the end of the strip of hotels along the ocean front. You are within walking distance of the main business corridor and about a 1/4 mile from the beach. All hotels are that far off the beach so this isn't something specific to this hotel. The hotel has a pool, spa and sauna on... More
Another great stay at the Polynesian! This is the only place we ever seem to stay when we come in to Ocean Shores. This place is always clean and inviting, has great accommodations and the staff is friendly. Feels like a home away from home. If you have never stayed here before, I would recommend that you try it out.... More
I arrived in town with several motel choices. I called the owner and he was wonderful, He gave a great price for a fantastic room. I loved the town as well. Lots to see and do including fossil hunting. Great people too. A wonderful visit!
My husband and I spent three nights at the Lighthouse cottage (Unit 1).The cottages are located on a quiet street of mostly vacation rentals across the street from the ocean about 5 miles from the town of Sequim.The cottage had an ocean view in the front and a view of a cow pasture with mountains behind it in the rear.We... More
non english speaking staff, paint peeling from walls, no internet available, breakfast was cold cereal and old milk on a counter top, dirty carpet, very old furnishings, not a good area of town, no deadbolt or chain on door, bathroom window did not shut, spray paint peeling off bathtub. not worth more than about 10.00 per night. they have hourly rates too..go figure the illegal business must be keeping them in business.NO not a good value at all.
We stayed at La Hacienda because it was close to the SafeCo field and we had to get to a Mariner's game. We decided it was only for one night and we would leave immediately int the morning. The service was bad, with non-english speaking staff. The shower and sink did not drain and when we complained to the employees they did nothing to fix it. The carpet was dirty, there were spots on the wall where the wallpaper was ripping off and they had tried to patch it. The TV didn't work and there were creepy people hanging around the parking lot. The next day we discovered there were bedbugs in the beds, as one member of our group had gotten bitten in quite a few places. It was certainly not worth the money.
We stayed at La Hacienda because it was close to the SafeCo field and we had to get to a Mariner's game. We decided it was only for one night and we would leave immediately int the morning. The service was bad, with non-english speaking staff. The shower and sink did not drain and when we complained to the employees they did nothing to fix it. The carpet was dirty, there were spots on the wall where the wallpaper was ripping off and they had tried to patch it. The TV didn't work and there were creepy people hanging around the parking lot. The next day we discovered there were bedbugs in the beds, as one member of our group had gotten bitten in quite a few places. It was certainly not worth the money.
Only needed a one night stay for a work trip. They were very quick to find a room, and quite accommodating, even though undergoing a remodel and hot tub was not working. This hotel is a bit far from downtown, so if you like it quiet, it's great! There is an Applebee's within walking distance, and a very short drive... More
Was referred here after finding out the Holiday Inn Express didn't allow pets. They gave us a suite for the cost of a regular room. The second floor seemed that it had recently been updated, I could smell the new carpet. The room was clean, everything works as it should, the desk clerk was very pleasant. As was the dining... More
Check-in stay was very welcoming. Helped me locate restaurants, stores, places to visit. My room had a lot of space with a couch. Bathroom was nothing special, but clean and well kept. Breakfast was standard fare, but great service from the staff. View from my room overlooked a storage rental business, but you could see the mountains in the distance.... More
First I booked Thursday booking.com I input the wrong exp date on credit card. My mistake. However booking.com said that my.room needs a new card I rein put the correct number and got a confirmation. Now it gets ugly. The lady up from said.the manager cxld. The room. Them decided to go home for the night. She left the desk... More
We stayed in late June 2015 and had a great experience. Our room was clean, wifi service was fast and dependable, and breakfast was fine. The business center is one computer off the breakfast area, and was easy to access and use. Good night sleep, which we needed after a long day exploring the coast, Crescent Lake, and parkland.
I was reading the other reviews and I must agree, summer time pool is very crowded with children. Suggestion maybe make 9:00- 10 adult time. They do have two pools one outside and one in, I must say beds are old. I think they are trying to upgrade but still needs a lot of work. They have added a Cont.... More
It's rare that a property is better than the pictures on the website, but this is absolutely true in this case. There is good reason all the outstanding TA reviews. The owners, Linda and Chip() have poured their heart and soul into this idyllic riverside retreat. It requires being on the property to appreciate the amount of design consideration, style,... More
I travel a lot for the federal government. Needless to say, the hotel choices we're required to select are the absolute bottom of the barrel. This Oxford Inn however was a very nice surprise. The room was clean, bed was comfortable, front desk staff was pleasant, the breakfast was good, and free parking. There are plenty of walkable restaurants. There... More
We were in Prosser for a wine event, and the Best Western was full. The Barn (now called the Vintner's Lodge) was just fine. Clean and quiet, close to downtown. Front desk clerk was friendly. We had a room with 2 queens. Hairdryer, shampoo, but no conditioner. They have an outdoor pool between the hotel and bar next door, and... More
This hotel is in a great spot for visiting the outlets, casinos, and Cabela's.They put out a great breakfast, there are other eateries nearby and easy access to I-5.Far enough from the highway that there isn't any traffic noise.Dear Lorenb312, Thank you for the great review! We hope to see you soon! Sincerely, Matthew Rosenthal General Manager
This is a great new Hotel and the staff are very friendly. Breakfast is great, even omelettes on Fridays. Hotel rooms are very clean and comfy beds. Pool was heated to a nice temperature. I would stay here again and again!
We stayed at the hotel while working a job for 90 days. We had a great experience, the staff was friendly and very workable on our 5am breakfast. We will stay there again anytime we have work in the area. Thanks for having us!!Hello Doug, Thank you for the great review!! We have enjoyed having you and your team here with us and look forward to next season! If you need anything, please do not hesitate to ask. Sincerely, Matthew Rosenthal General Manager
My wife Adriana and I drove up to Arlington to visit an art exhibition in nearby Stanwood. The day was dark and rainy to start with so we didn't want to take a rain-drenched drive back to our home in Bothell later that evening. Our mostly Golden Retriever, Rusty, was with us in the back seat. Fortunately Adriana had sought... More
My wife had a conference in nearby Marysville and Trip Advisor's rating if this hotel led us to trying it out. We were greeted by friendly staff, who agreed to match the Trip Advisor on-line rate without hesitation. We were impressed with cleanliness of the hotel and it's in a great location. There is a Safeway across the street, Starbucks... More
The room was great! Clean facility inside and out. Breakfast was more than adequate. The room was very clean. I literally have no complaints about this stay. Usually I can find something. The staff was friendly. If I had to complain about something it would be that the pillows were a bit to hard! That's it. We stayed on the... More
Quiet location, close to Premium Outlet Mall 10 minute drive. Also close to Costco for gas and good selection of wine. Great breakfast, made to order Omlettes, and good choice of other breakfast items and good seating.Dear 318glennj, Thank you for the wonderful review of our property. We are glad you chose to stay with us and look forward to your next visit. Sincerely, Matthew Rosenthal General Manager
This hotel has exceptional service and nice clean rooms. Shuttle is available to the Tulalip Casino as well there is another casino across the road. Great place to stay if looking for a lower priced experience other than the expensive Tulalip Casino Resort hotel
Great location, comfortable beds...great free breakfast.....I would recommend this Hotel to all my friends and family....Amazing staff and the comfort of the room and service we received was over the moon.Hello Pina V, Thank you for staying with us at the Best Western Plus in Arlington. Thank you for the wonderful review! We hope to see you again soon. Sincerely, Matthew Rosenthal General Manager
This was the first time that I've had a fresh omelette at a Best Western and they were very good with very fresh ingredients. The other items were pretty standard. The serving area was spotless and the only draw back to the stay was the bouncy beds. I had this experience in the past and it was also at a... More
Great new hotel near Marysville. The hotel is clean and quiet. The hotel is close to Costco, Target, Seattle Premium Outlets, many restaurants and the Tulalip Resort and Casino. We would stay here again!
The Dayton Motel and Blue Mountain Motel are owned by the same family. They are 2 of the most disgusting places to stay. I checked into our room Friday and the first thing I did was ask for it to be cleaned again. Dirty pillow case, curly hairs in the sheets, dirt and dust everywhere. The family that bought this... More
We stayed here in a vacation visit to Seattle. About 10 blocks from the waterfront, convenient if you don't mind the walk downhill (and the return uphill). Room was older but in good condition and comfortable.Good Morning Traveler - Thank you for your review! We appreciate the feedback and we're happy to learn your enjoyed your stay. We hope to welcome you again if your travels bring you back to Seattle. Safe travels!
We liked this hotel. Close to a lot of restaurants, less than a mile from Pike Place and less expensive than others I researched. We only stayed the night before getting on our Alaskan cruise but I'd stay here again. There was no A.C. but most of the time, Seattle's weather is temperate and it isn't needed.Hi Traveler - Thank you for your review! Yes, we are affordable and conveniently located for enjoying Seattle. We hope you had a great cruise to Alaska! Enjoy your summer.
We stayed four nights at this hotel in June and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The hotel was transformed from an apartment building and used to serve mainly visitors of patients of the Virginia Mason Hospital and Medical Center. The layout of our room was a little different than the typical hotel. We had a relatively small room, a big closet,and a bothroom with a window. The staff were polite and professional. We also enjoyed the restaurant at the first floor. They have a small menu, but everything we had were very good. The servers were very friendly as well. The hotel is within walking distance to the Pike Place, Pinoeer Square, and China Town, and the Space Needle. We picked this hotel because of the reasonable price and we wanted to avoid driving in downtown. The entire stay exceeded our expectations in terms of the service we received and the overall experience.Good Morning Traveler - Thank you for being our guest in June! As you mentioned, the room layout is a little different because we were a 1930's apartment building (originally the Rhododendron Apartments). We're glad you were able to dine in our Rhododendron Caf and enjoy the sites of the city. Please come visit again and until then, safe travels!
Nice hotel, quiet, which was nice considering it's right next to the hospital. A little bit of a walk to all the places that we wanted to visit, but that wasn't a bother for us. Very clean and cozy. Staff was very kind and talkative during check in.Hi Traveler - Thank you for your review. Clean and cozy. . .that's perfect way to describe us! The caf is now open in the lobby so please come back and visit us again soon. Until then, safe travels!
Was at the Inn while having Knee replacement at the Virginia Mason Hospital (which the Inn is a part of. When I got to room it was all set up for my post op. Staff is very warm and friendly. My whole experience was beyond anything I had expected. Room service comes from the hospital and the price can't be beat. If your there for Tourist stuff you might be surprised. If your there as an extended patient as I was then you'll enjoy the local and people.Good Afternoon and thank you for your review. It was nice to hear you enjoyed your stay. We have re-opened the caf in the lobby and hope you'll come back and give it a try. Until then. . .safe travels!
I stayed at the Inn at Virginia Mason for a coffee conference in May and must say I was very pleasantly surprised by the excellent quality of room service food - many healthy choices and the menu had detailed nutritional advice. Hotel dcor is quaint and has a vintage feel - this is definitely an Inn! They could get rid of the heavy curtains, but they are efficient at keeping out noise and drafts. The facility primarily services medical patients and families and is on a steep hill. Good for walking off the wine!Hi Traveler - Thank you for your review. Yes, room service is healthy and a great value (just like our guest rooms). Please come see us again when you are in Seattle. Until then, safe travels!
While an older hotel, it has some charm to it. The rooms are large and comfortable. The beds give a good nights sleep. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. The coffee shop is decently priced and has a nice outdoor patio. The negatives aren't too bad. One elevator, not a long wait. Could use a coat of paint and a little polish here and there. Maybe a little updating would help. On the brighter side, no pun intended, I always look for the brightness of the room and the available sockets to plug in our electronics. The rooms have more than adequate light and the lamps/light fixtures each have outlets for plugins. They are part of Virginia Mason hospital and Medical Center. This was very convenient for us and close to downtown. FREE WI-FI!Hi Traveler - Thank you for your comments. Yes we are the historic, quaint and comfortable hotel choice for you in Seattle. We hope to welcome you again on your next visit to Seattle. Safe travels!
My family I stayed two nights at the Inn at Virginia Mason. We had 3 rooms. The Inn was very old and part of a hospital. Our rooms were very clean comfortable. When looking for 3 rooms in late May for two nights, the Inn provided me with the best prices I could find in Seattle. If when I travel to Seattle again, I will more than likely stay at the Inn at Virginia Mason again. Hi Jonathan - Thank you for your kind comments on your stay with us before your cruise. We are so happy to hear that the price was right and the rooms were clean and comfy. We look forward to the opportunity of welcoming you again in the future. Until then, safe travels!
Centrally located, friendly and helpful staff, clean, would highly recommend to anyone staying in seattle, the restaurant on site is very good with conscientious, courteous staff and excellent food, portions were generous.Hi Joy - So pleased to hear that you enjoyed your recent stay with us! We hope to welcome you again when your travels bring you back to Seattle!
The Inn at Virginia Mason is attached to Virginia Mason hospital. Some floors of the hotel are hospital offices (anesthesiology is on floor 2, for example). You'll see people in scrubs on the stairs and elevators.The rooms are old, in a part charming, and part just old way. The closets were huge, a nice bonus. The bathtub had some chips, and some plastic on the toilet seat was peeling away. There's no AC which normally isn't a problem it was hot when I was there and the hotel gave me a fan, which was adequate. The staff was super helpful in general.There is a nice little breakfast place in the hotel, the Rhody, which was not overpriced and was quick. The location is great, 10 blocks to the Sound and about 2 blocks to the Convention Center.I was on a business trip and was paying my own way, so the price (about half of the chain hotels) was right and I'd stay again. If someone else were paying, I'd stay elsewhere, but the location and value were terrific for me. I would not recommend this hotel for a romantic weekend or a family vacation.Thank you for your review! We're glad you found us suitable for your business trip. We hope your trip was successful and look forward to the opportunity of welcoming you again in the future - our prices will always be the best in the city! Safe travels.
The hotel advertises itself as being like an English Inn. I don't know about that it was typical hotel except for some faded prints of pastoral scenes on the wall. Never mind that, it was quiet and comfortable. More than adequate air conditioning except hallways were suffocating. Obviously over decades of wear and tear the fine details have been diminished a bit, and its evident that not a lot of money has gone into refinishing with fine craftsmanship (quite the opposite in fact). So it's a little shabby, but as we had an appointment in the adjoining hospital, we found the location to be absolutely phenomenal and will return to this Inn time and again whenever we need hospital services.Good morning and thank you for your recent review of your stay with us. We're glad the location was right for your stay and plan to return to us in the future. We do have some renovation plans in the works (new hallway carpeting and guest room lighting). Hopefully you'll continue to see improvements on each visit. We look forward to welcoming you again soon. Safe travels!
Trip was Oct 16-18. Hotel is not suitable for normal tourists. It is adjacent to and connected to a hospital. It may be suitable for patients or their families, but it is not something a tourist would want. The hotel is very old. There is a skeleton staff. The web site shows a nice food service area or restaurant. During our stay, there was no restaurant at all. These photos should be taken down. They are misleading at the least. There is no parking with this hotel. The desk will refer you to a public lot around the corner. The public parking has issues: (a) it has limited spaces for public use and you may be out of luck on a busy time (we did find one available) (b) it is not cheap (c) the main complaint here is that there is no in and out in this public lot. So, this is not like a valet parking where you pay one day and can go in and out. You park and are stuck or risk additional fees etc. The rooms are very small. The bathroom is tiny (one person only). The furniture in the room is old and not comfortable. Two chairs and a small table. You must be in the bed to view the TV comfortably. Food: as noted, there is no restaurant in the hotel. The food - - aka room service actually comes from the hospital kitchen. There is an elevator connection to the hospital, and you can eat in the hospital cafeteria. Otherwise, there is no food in the hotel. The staff was one person at the desk. No bell man etc. There may be ways to get a wheel chair into the hotel, but I did not see them. I saw several elderly ladies in walkers have a very difficult time getting up the 6 to 9 stairs at the entrance. The owners have put no money to update this hotel. If you call one of the room service numbers, the first prompt is for you to provide your glucose tolerance numbers. Quite a shock for a tourist with a first time in Seattle. On one occasion, I called the front desk. Let it ring 15 to 20 times. No answer. When I went down, I asked: why was no one answering the phone at the desk The answer: I was out for a moment across the street. It is also worth noting that there is only one elevator in the hotel for guests. Not a problem as long as few people are in the hotel. It was very slow a few times when the Seahawks game came closer. This is not an upscale neighborhood. There is a nice breakfast place about a 5 minute walk away. Starbucks an easy 10 minute walk (Well run Starbucks). From what we saw walking down to the ferry would not wise. There are good number of homeless folks down closer to the Seahawks and Mariners stadium (a Salvation army facility is quite near the stadiums). I did not feel it was unsafe for myself, but would not want my wife and I to walk that way. In summary, THIS HOTEL IS AN HOSPITAL ADJUNCT. It is not a place where a tourist would want to stay unless were the dominant concern and staying downtown was required. It is simply a very old hotel with limited staff, no food (unless you like hospital food), misleading photos on the Trip Advisor site showing a food area, no parking, and nothing to show that the owners have put any at all to improve it. I booked on hotel.com and was disappointed. For the price one does not expect a 4 star facility. But one would expect more than what this hotel provides.Thank you for your review. We are sorry to learn you did not enjoy your stay with us. The Inn is older. . .many of our guests find it charming and comfortable. The setting is more residential, off the main shopping/activity corridor but convenient enough you can still walk to Pike Place Market or the Convention Center. We are very close to opening our restaurant and I apologize you did not enjoy the room service selection provided on our menu. We are very proud to be a part of the Virginia Mason Medical Center campus. About 40 of our guests are tourists and 60 of our guests are here for medical related visits at one of the three major medical facilities in the area. And we are happy to welcome everyone. We wish you safe travels!
Make sure you have your walking shoes if you book this old hotel in Seattle as the hill to enter is steep. The rooms are charming and dated back to past times. You can open the windows in your room to enjoy the fresh Seattle air as the AC does not pump out a great amount of air. Good location to enjoy all the surrounding downtown sites. Hi Captain Tony - Thank you for your review! Yes, walking shoes for getting around Seattle is a must. . .five hills make up the city and our First Hill is one of them (but actually not the steepest!). We hope you'll stay with us again when your travels bring you back to Seattle.
This hotel is adequate and not bad for the price. Temperature is preset to 68 F so dress warmly. Parking is in garages that you pay 20.00 a day if you tell attendant you are staying at hotel. It is very convenient for going to VM clinics or hospital.Thank you for your review of your recent stay with us. We are very happy to be a convenient overnight option for medical guests visiting one of the major hospitals in the area. Take care and safe travels!
Frankly, I reserved this hotel because it was the cheapest decent property I could find in downtown Seattle. So I wasn't expecting much when we checked in. We were pleasantly surprised. The rooms are small and the building is old, but they've done a good job of making the best of it. I've seen it described as quaint and that's a fair description. It has the look and feel of an old classic place. It's clean and well-maintained, and they've done a good job of updating the necessary amenities. They also have a sister property across the street with which they share facilities (ie. laundry). It's nothing special, and yet it is. They have a good (albeit expensive) restaurant in the lobby, which means breakfast is pricey, but there's a decent place a block away called Corner Caf. The only thing I really missed is a fridge and microwave.Hello Traveler - Thank you for your review. We are please to hear that you were pleasantly surprised by your stay with us (we do that to our guests all the time!). We hope you'll stay with us again when your travels bring you back to the Emerald City!
Room was cold, plugs did work had to move coffee pot to plug in. Staff was not helpful with a couple of exceptions. Internet did not work except off and on. Construction was noisy.The worst was had cold the room was, it is winter and could outside. They had a Thanksgiving special for Sun. night medical they would not extend the rate for the rest of my stay.Hi Traveler. Thank you for your review and we appreciate all of your feedback and will work to improve our service. Good luck in your future travels.
I had made reservations months before. Because of that we got a good price and felt that we had saved 75-100 a night instead of being closer to the downtown area of Seattle. From our searching, we felt it was one of the best deals in Seattle for price and location. The room was clean, good sized. We thought because it was by the Medical Center we would hear sirens all the time. That did not happen. It has a lovely lobby, a dining room for breakfast, lunch and dinner and in addition an outside beautiful dinning patio . The only draw back is they dont have air conditioning. But they do provide fans. Staff were very attentive. We would got back. Bathroom was large. We loved the area. You can get to the Starbuck Roastery by walking. Also straight down the street in front of the inn takes you to the Wharf section of Seattle. It is a pretty good hike or an easy Uber ride. We love to walk and so found it a great neighborhood. They also have a patio on the roof. If in Seattle again we would definately stay there. We were leaving for a cruise and they were very helpful with transportation issues to the docks.Hi Traveler - We're are so glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us! We remain an affordable option for visitors to Seattle. Please consider us your home away from home if (or should we say when) your travels bring you back to the area.
We stayed at this hotel last night while my grandfather was hospitalized because it was attatched to the Virginia Mason Hospital. The floors were so dirty that u could see the dirt sitting on top of the carpet, the mirrors were covered in dirty streaks, and the tub was full of leftover residue from recently removed no-skid strips! I have never been in a dirtier hotel room and am absolutely appalled that it is attatched to such an amazing hospital. The front counter staff was very kind and helpful but the state of the room was unbelievable. The toilet seat nearly slid off when I sat down and the wall plugs look like they're from the 1940s as we couldn't keep a single charger from falling out of the wall. It was an absolute waste of money I have spent nights in rooms that were half the price and twice as nice. Don't waste your money here - spend the night at one of the nicer hotels that are only 5 minutes down the road for less money and a better experience.Good morning. Thank you for your comments. As you can tell from previous trip advisor reviews, your stay is not the typical experience our guests enjoy. I have shared your comments with our housekeeping team - while the rooms are older, our staff works very hard to ensure rooms are thoroughly cleaned. It was a very busy weekend in Seattle and we are proud we are able to offer an affordable alternative for guests and family members seeking medical care. We hope your grandfather is feeling better. Good luck in your future travels, Carol Gallagher
We have stayed at the Inn for many nights over the last couple of years as my business has taken us to Seattle. It is centrally located and is within easy walking distance to my appointments. We love the Inn!!The personnel are extremely friendly and helpful. The rates are very good for Seattle. The rooms, while dated, are great and comfortable.I would recommend it to anyone.Good Afternoon Karl and thank you for your very kind review! Please consider us your home away from home for business or pleasure. We hope to see you again soon in the near future, until then, safe travels!
We wanted downtown Seattle and this hotel was far less than anything else and close to the light rail. When we found out that it was formerly the hospital hotel for visitors, my wife wanted to change the reservation, but never did.It was a short but steep walk from the light rail. The rooms were newly decorated. We got a free upgrade. The beds and linens were very nice and comfy. Since it is on the budget side of the highway, there were all sorts of reasonably priced restaurants nearby. And it is a short walk to the waterfront.We'd stay there again.Good Morning David. Thank you for your comments - I particularly enjoyed your review and learning that we surprized you! We are very proud to be part of the Virginia Mason Medical Center campus - recently voted one of the top 10 medical facilities in the country. We look forward to welcoming you again when your travels bring you back to Seattle. Until then, safe travels!
My wife and I stopped in Ballard on our way home from Anchorage and stayed at the Ballard Inn. Everything about this place was excellent! The staff was amazing and very, very friendly! Our flight was pushed back so we ended up arriving in Seattle at 7 in the morning. They accommodated us and had our room ready at 9 am so that we could check in early and get some sleep before starting our day. The room was very clean, quaint, and cozy. We didn't hear another guest at all. It did get a little loud on Friday night, but it is a popular area with many bars and restaurants so it was to be expected. Ear plugs were provided and there was really no problems. We loved our stay here! We definitely will stay here again!
Most rooms have a shared bath but don't let that put you off. The rooms are very nice and the entire building is very, very clean. There is always coffee and fresh fruit, off street parking is available. Loved our stay.
I love this place. Special. It is not standard American big bathroom fare, but better in that it is rea - on a real street with real people in a real part of town. I'd come back in a minute. The bathroom is shared, the room is small but the experience is authentic and an adventure. You have the use of a health club. In the morning outside the frontside is a gorgeous farmers market : Sundays, summer. I feel like I'm in a foreign country - Europe, France.
Hotel rooms in Seattle in the summer are beginning to rival San Francisco in price, so I was pleased to find a Living Social promotion for this place that extended into May. I was pleasantly surprised to find that many of the criticisms about this place by other travelers were exaggerated. We chose a private bath (because I just dont like sharing a bath), but the shared bath facilities looked quite nice and never apparently completely full. We were on the second floor overlooking Ballard Ave., and the weather was relatively warm, but the room cooled off quite well without air-conditioning and the noise level, even on a Saturday night with windows open, was not a problem. Local bars apparently dont have live music and the people watching from our window was endlessly entertaining. By 1 a.m., the place was as quiet as could be and with the windows closed, noise is not a problem, at all any time of the day. The Ballard farmers market every summer Sunday is literally right outside the front door of the hotel, providing more people watching entertainment in the morning while we drank our complimentary coffee and also providing several inexpensive brunch opportunities. Parking in and getting ice from the neighboring hotel was as simple as could be and not the burden some other travelers have reported.Two previous criticisms are valid: the windows should have screens, and the first-floor rooms dont feel very secure if you need to open the windows for cooling, but they would be perfectly fine any time of year but summer. Despite that, this place is a super value, even at full price. Rooms are very nice the neighborhood is trendy (in a good way) and the location is a short drive to Seattle Center or downtown. I would definitely stay here again..
This place is in need of some repair but it is clean. Nice front desk person. Good enough breakfast. Our bed was comfortable but could use some extra pillows. Priced fairly and plenty of hot water. We had to stop because of fog and were happy for the cozy warm room.
very clean and with convenient supplies to enable us to prepare our own meals, we rested well while on difficult family business. The kitchenette had all the necessaries and the room was comfortable and quiet with a separate sleeping area for additional family members
Given that the lobby, restaurant and bar area were being completely remodeled, we found the staff to be very attentive and quick to provide solutions to our concern. The rooms were nicely updated and hopefully the new lobby will be just as impressive.Dear Curtis, Thank you so much for the amazing review! I want to especially thank you for mentioning our incredible staff. I am so glad you enjoyed staying with us. We look forward to welcoming you back soon! Warmly, Abby
From start to finish it was disgusting. dust, construction, tiny bathrooms, such a let down and waste of money. I totally was shocked because it was not at all what was pictured. I would suggest you call before arriving.
Lots of construction but the room was nice and quiet. Surrounding area not very good but staff was very nice. Hotel room was accommodating to us. Bathroom was very small. Need better signage in front of the hotel.
I booked a room here through a booking site. Apparently the price they gave was wrong and the manager made sure I understood that he was doing me the biggest favour in the world by letting me pay the quoted price: 'I could have cancelled it, you know', is what he said. He then gave me a room with a broken lock and no key, so every time I had to go out, I had to explain this all over again to whoever was at reception, and who would then go up VERY reluctantly to unlock the door for me. The people next door to me were a bunch of intimidating men watching sports on tv and shouting all night, and wrecking their room (from what I could see from the open door when I walked by there the next morning). Some of the furniture in my room was broken. The breakfast is not worth mentioning (dry bagels, bad coffee). The lady at reception the next morning was much nicer and helpful.
This hotel has an exceptional location if you want to be close to the City Center and all the activities there. Our son had an event at the Key Arena. We stayed at the Seattle Pacific Hotel so he could walk to the four day event. Is this place the Ritz No, but it was clean, safe and quiet. The air conditioning worked the shower had good pressure and hot water the television worked fine. The staff was very helpful and friendly. There was a lot of construction going on nearby, but most of the cab drivers knew how to maneuver around it. I would stay there again if this was the area I needed to be.Thanks for your review, and thank you for staying with us! We're looking forward to seeing you again.
This hotel was awful. My boyfriend and I were going for an anniversary weekend as we aren't 21 yet, it was hard to get a hotel in downtown Seattle. We read the bad reviews, but decided to take a chance as our options were severely limited. The room was on the first floor, opened into a parking lot and the door had at least an inch of clearance from the floor. (this was the 'king suite'!) We had to plug this gap with a towel at night to keep out the loud freeway noise and cold air. The bed was only questionably clean, and some of the lights didn't work. Our biggest problem, however, was with the shower! The water pressure was ridiculously high if you stood in the spray, the pressure was so bad that it would ricochet off your body and through the curtain, no matter how tightly you closed it. A lot of water ended up on the floor our first morning, and after we dressed we went to inform the man at the front desk. As soon as I began to politely describe the problem, he very loudly interrupted me, telling me that there have never been any complaints such as this before in my opnion, this indicates that there probably have, but that's just my intuition. He followed us to the room and looked at the bathroom, very loudly and rudely proclaiming that it was all our fault the whole time. He closed the curtain and attempted to demonstrate how the water could be kept in the shower although water was still coming out (which my boyfriend politely indicated) he refused to acknowledge that and even went so far as to accuse us of doing 'wild things' in the shower!! For the record, shampooing my hair was about as wild as I got in there, and I doubt my boyfriend was doing anything weird during his shower either. We ended up having to pay a fee to clean it up, and I will never stay there again. I would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone!!
Not fit for human occupancy. No internet, even though they advertise 2 connections. Bagels, mini muffins, apples, and OJ for breakfast They ask you to place used plastic knives in a receptacle so they can be used again!! I was on the top floor, and the room (especially the bed) shook every time a truck or bus passed by. Employees watch TV in the lounge all the time, and have BAD attitudes. The place smelled! I used up a can of air freshener in 2-3 days! Pool only had about 18 of green rain water in it. A horror show.
What else is there to say Two word review: bed bugs. No one or two bed bugs...I came out with 30+ bites. It is easy to call this a nightmarish experience. If you value your sanity, please, I implore you, pay the extra money and don't even consider this place for one second.
This is by far the worst hotel (as opposed to motel) I have ever stayed in. I stayed in room 305, and when I tried to close the window, the window frame came away in my hand.To give you an idea of the state of the place, the metal tissue holders in the bathroom were covered with rust.Breakfast consisted of the cheapest bagels one can imagine, an apple, a blueberry muffin, some synthetic-tasting orange juice, and some mediocre coffee, with only powdered whitener - not even milk.The decoration of the room looked like it had been done by a 10 year old, it was so shabby.Finding the place in the first place, and getting there amidst all of the construction was a nightmare - although to be fair to the owners that's not their fault.What an awful first experience of Seattle - it certainly made me reticent about visiting the city again if that's in any way representative.Incidentally, this is the first review I've contributed, which indicates hiw bad this place was.Thank you for taking the time to review our property. We truly value the opinions of our customers and we apologize that we did not meet your expectations. Providing our guests with the best possible hospitality and service has always been our mission. We apologize for window in your room and the furnishings that did not meet your standards. We continually strive to keep our property clean, friendly, and welcoming. We want you to know that we truly enjoy sharing our passion for our destination with visitors and want you to walk out the door feeling refreshed. If you come back to our hotel I would love to have the opportunity to speak with you directly, so please ask for me. We hope to see you again in the future and wish you the very best.
This place was a last minute internet booking, we flew back home the next day, will never happen again. The bed sheets seemed used already, there were nasty staines on the side of the matress that was not covered. The towels had a bad, dirty smell to them, need I say more... We stayed out for dinner late so the night would be shorter, and slept with our entire clothes on so our skin would not touch the sheets. Do not go there, this place is really, really bad!
Sure, I read the reviews that people wrote before we booked a room.....but I thought, some people just expect too much. I was wrong, I admit it, it definately IS as bad as people say. Oh of course this place will always have a lot of guests because it is so close to Seattle Center (about 2-1/2 blocks). The SPH owner knows this and probably feels he doesn't have to fix anything. Where do I start hmmm.. STAFF: although most are friendly, the early morning staffer is old, grumpy and smells like he hasn't taken a shower in a week. Someone spilled coffee in the breakfast room and he was swearing up a storm. He also was cranky when we complained our card key to our room didn't work. The owner/manager is also not too much of a people person. THE ROOM: our card key never worked very well, usually had to simultaneously wiggle the card back and forth in the slot, and give the door a kick. We had 3 different staff people on each day of our 3-day stay come up and open the room door for us because the key didn't work. The AC unit was behind a curtain (had to place the curtain on a chair to get air flow), was set at 60 degrees and the temperature adjustment button was broken (the room gets VERY hot without AC). The TV is very complicated to operate with a wall switch, two remotes, and a separate power box all needing to be synchronized to get it to work (we had to have a staff person come up to show us how to work it). Extremely bright construction flood lights are on all night outside the room window, so the curtain needs to be tightly closed (see above AC problem making this impossible). BREAKFAST: consists of orange juice, mini-bagels, mini-muffins, and poor coffee...skip breakfast here. The website says that they recently remodeled, but I think it was only the new floor tile in the lobby area because the rest of the place looks like it hasn't been updated since the 1950s. There is currently construction in progress on all sides of the hotel, so walking or driving to and from the parking lot is not the best or convenient. The view from our hotel room window is of the space needle and EMP, which would be great except the view is obscured by construction cranes and cement trucks. They are building a freeway tunnel behind the hotel. If you want to be near downtown, spend a few bucks more and avoid this place. Lowest price is not the best choice in Seattle.First of all, thank you for taking the time to review our property. We constantly try to provide our guests with the best possible service and hospitality, and we're sorry that we didn't meet your needs during your stay. Our policy is to provide great customer service, so we were troubled to hear that our staff was unusually negative towards you. Your concerns have been communicated to the management team to review and address. As far as the construction goes, we're sorry your beautiful view of the Space Needle was obstructed. Unfortunately, this project is out of our control, and we can guarantee that it will improve with the completion of the new tunnel. Finally, we are constantly looking for ways to improve our rooms and make them more comfortable for our guests, so we will take your comments into account. Thank you again for your review, and we hope you'll return to Seattle again soon!
So my boyfriend and his friend had just moved out and had to stay at a hotel for a week before moving into to their new place. This place is moderately cheap, but there is great reasoning for that. This place is absolutely disgusting, the pool was green and not taken care of, the elevator was sketchy, it's located right off the freeway, (so don't expect a quiet nights sleep)w and the rooms smelled like death. But that wasn't even the worst part, it was the Indian managers customer service and attitude. I live in Seattle, and out of the week my boyfriend was staying there I slept over two times. The second time, it was the last day of his stay, and I was downstairs getting us breakfast (which was STALE mini bagels, and little muffins which were not that great) and the Indian manager was watching me the whole time. When I was heading back up he approached me and asked my room number, I told him and he stated only two people were checked into that room. I said my boyfriend is one of them and I've only stayed two nights and he went off how I was lying and he was going to charge them an extra 30 dollars a NIGHT. I went back up to the room and my boyfriend was still sleeping and he called our room and started yelling at him over the phone, so he went downstairs to talk it out with him. Eventually after being harassed several times the Indian man gave up. Once it was check out at 10 am, he came to our door and stood there yelling at us until we were out. Worst service I've ever had in my entire life, DO NOT GO HERE. There's a Best Western not too far on Denny that's not much more expensive and has wonderful service, better location and a more comfortable room.Thank you for taking the time to review our property. We truly value the opinions of our customers and we apologize that we did not meet your expectations. Providing our guests with the best possible hospitality and service has always been our mission. We apologize for the issues you experienced. We have addressed this issue with our team and management. We continually strive to keep our property clean, friendly, and welcoming. We want you to know that we truly enjoy sharing our passion for our destination with visitors and want you to walk out the door feeling refreshed. If you come back to our hotel I would love to have the opportunity to speak with you directly, so please ask for me. We hope to see you again in the future and wish you the very best.
I booked this hotel as it was my only option left the day of arrival. It is right next to the Space Needle and we did walk from the hotel down to Pike Place Market and Pioneer Square. When checking into the hotel, the front desk clerk was very friendly and helpful. Every staff member that I encountered was in a great mood and smiling. The room was not the best that I've seen and definately not the worse. There were two beds, a fridge and I think a microwave, although I can't remember for sure. The beds were comfortable. The room was a bit noisy with traffic, but I was able to sleep. The bathroom was small. The whole room could use a paint job and some new furnishings. They do offer a continental breakfast but I didn't get to check it out. I paid 114 for the night which I can't complain about. Would I stay there again Possibly. Would I recommed it to you If you're not too picky, then give it a chance.Thank you for taking the time to review our property. We appreciate your candid comments and hope that youll come back to Seattle Pacific Hotel on your next trip to Seattle.
They try to get moeny out of you any way they can. They charged my friend and I extra for an extra guest even though we booked through Travelocity which says room rate is for two people. The hotel is in a horrible location in a very bad neighborhood, but is close to the Space Needle and monorail which was nice. Customer service is horrible, the pool was completely dirty (not that we were planning on using it), and the entire hotel smelled like cigarettes.
This is a motel, rather than a hotel. Bad rooms, bad breakfast, bad smell throughout the whole 3. floor. Not good.Thank you for taking the time to review our property. Your comments are valued. Management has been given your feedback to review and address. Thank you for your stay.
I was in Seattle for business and stayed at this hotel. I work for a start-up so we don't have huge expense accounts and price is something we look out for. This was the cheapest place in the City and it was really easy for me to get downtown. They were fast in calling me a cab when I needed it and friendly when I asked about restaurants in the area. The rooms are a little dated but hey-you get what you pay for so I can't really complain. It was a clean and decent place. I will stay here again when I'm back.
I've been doing our company's reservations for over 5 years have never encountered anybody as rude as Madeline. Talks over us as, we're being billed for stuff that was not ok to be billed on the company credit card.
Residence Inns have been our go to hotel preference for several years. In particular, we received outstanding service and accomodations in the San Diego Mission Valley Residence Inn and in Oxnard, CA. However, the attention and caring of the staff at the Resident Inn in Vancouver, Washington reached a level that compelled me to write my first ever review. Emily,... More
This hotel has one of the most exceptional staffs I have encountered in a hotel. The front desk clerk was so attentive and welcoming, asking us about our day and making sure all of our needs and questions were met. She is a gem. The hotel has a cocktail hour every evening with enough food during the week that you... More
Having traveled more than 42 states and therefore... many hotels over the years including even having a 'Business Class' in BC's renowned Empress Hotel years back... And I can attest to the fact that I never felt more cared about and never have received such personable and excellent TLC anywhere - Ever! They have a staff that is extraordinary in... More
We have stayed here many times and it's always a comfortable relaxing experience. Ted and Sallie share their beautiful craftsman home and in the morning serve a delicious breakfast in the dining room. Gingerbread pancakes with maple cream topping is a good way to start the day. Briar Rose is an easy walk to town and a block away from... More
We've stayed here a number of times and it feels like a home-away-from-home now. I'm not normally a BB guy, but I look forward to Ted's breakfasts and usually get into conversations with the guests and hosts, not my strong suit. Sallie's gardens are a delight, and the Victorian house is beautifully maintained and appointed. You can tell that this... More
We stayed four nights while we went to class from 8:30am to 5pm. We needed something good for the soul and found it at the Briar Rose Inn. We stayed in the French Towle room. The room is large the ensuite is small but adequate. The inn is a true Craftsman with large rooms. I enjoyed some time in the... More
Tiny, dirty room. No a/c, not even a fan! Peeling paint, microwave didn't work. There was also no way to lock the window. Stayed up half the night worried about someone reaching in(no screens either). The beds were pretty worn out, had to sleep the other way. The bathroom had minimal water pressure and leaked all over the floor. The... More
Checked in first and then saw the room: clean but small, depressing and on a hot weekend it was not air conditioned. The lodger in the room next door was drinking with the door open. Walls were thin. I took a look and asked to be refunded my fee on my credit card. The clerk ran my card and gave... More
This was our second stay at the Flagstone. The owners are very nice. The rooms are extremely clean. I think it's a great location. On foot, you can hit the Discovery Trail, walk to great restaurants or grocery stores, or checkout what's going on downtown.
Cute place. Nice little walk to the beach. My family picked up our key for us, because we were arriving late. They allowed us to pay later the next morning. Photos are of the path to the ocean. And from room 15 deck.
The Willows is a Small motel,owner operated motel . Very clean,nice tv, carpeting microwave refrigerator comfortable bed and pillows.ample parking . Very cute Very friendly operator. Free coffee:). Very quiet sweet place. I stayed a week
I have stayed with Diana several time. She has always been pleasant and has bent over backwards to make sure our stay as amazing as possible. This only place in the area we will ever stay. Extremely Clean and Comfortable. We will see you again in a few weeks.
This hotel was a perfect home-away-from-home. The staff was consistently kind, friendly, and quick to respond to any special requests. The breakfast choices were certainly sufficient and very nicely presented. Our suite was ideal because it had both a private bedroom and a living room with a surprisingly comfortable fold-out bed. We were able to cook excellent meals in the... More
This was my 2nd stay at the Larkspur Landing and they have definitely improved tremendously. We were very pleased with our room which was the suite. We were not by the highway this time and we had the most peaceful rest during our entire stay. The complimentary breakfast was as good as free will get you but they had a... More
I hadn't been to Westport for years so was surprised that it hadn't changed since the last time I visited. Unfortunately Westport survives on the fishing fleet and fishing season hasn't started yet! So, don't look for anything too exciting. I had reserved a beach cabin with a hot tub through Groupon. I thought that it would be a relaxing... More
This older hotel is located near the water where you can find all kinds of fishing boats. There are many charters available to suit your fishing needs. The hotel is older and so is the decor, but they had the best fresh ground coffee in any hotel! The room may be dated, but it was clean.
We stayed in one of the cabins and were very happy with the room. Plenty of room, comfy bed, nice little kitchenette, quiet when we were there. Staff is really friendly and helpful. I don't know about the other part of the hotel. We liked it so much that we came back the next weekend for Pirate Daze. It's close... More
I stay in a lot of hotels, and with that, I keep in mind my purpose for the stay, the cosy, and the hotel and staff.. This hotel I'd in Sunnyside, WA. It's a 2.5 star hotel and appropriately deemed so. The hotel is ok and should will set you back about 100 a night. It's not a luxury hotel,... More
Traveling with a colleague and needed to stop for the night. The people were friendly, rooms were clean, and breakfast was typical waffle, egg, sausage, bagel, and muffin. The location was convenient for our Tri-City business.
The room was pristine and updated. The kitchenette meant I didn't need to head to restaurants for every meal. They welcome dogs!! Love it!! The view of the ocean and proximity to the beach was fantastic!! A soul replenishing experience. I will most definitely return.
I stayed 3 nights in room 3 which is a central ground floor unit (units on both sides and above me). I'd say ground floor as there is no unit below me, however there are steps up to the unit (ramp available for those that cannot do stairs). It is a studio unit with a 2 burner stove top, fridge,... More
Moonstone Beach Motel is a great new building. We were in Room 3, which is up a few steps to the first floor. The view of the ocean from the room is amazing. The walk to the beach is a short one through the sand dunes. The beach is good for walking and there usually aren't many people on it.... More
A quiet place with new rooms stocked with every thing you need in the kitchen. The view is unobstructed up and down the beach, close to great dining at the Ocean Crest restaurant or try the Seagate grill and bar will go back ASAP
This place far exceeded my expectations. For starters there was nobody here but us, not even any staff. Super quiet. The motel is new and the rooms are really nicely finished. Great little kitchenette, beautiful shower, great bed. The best part is the view windows. There aren't many dining options here, so bring food and drinks. There are deck chairs... More
Stayed here on my way up the peninsula, have stayed before, still meets my expectations and does not disappoint. Staff was friendly and the GM even came out and talked with me too. Did not have top floor room like I typically choose but it still was a nice room with jetted tub. Views are a bit underwhelming due to... More
Made a quick trip to the Ocean Shores, WA area to take my Mom and Dad to the ocean. The entire family had a great stay. Awesome rooms, nice views, great prices. I loved having the jacuzzi in my room. Both my wife and I really enjoy a good soak. I have stayed at several of the other hotels in... More
Had a 2 king suite with one of the kings in the loft. Had a gas fireplace as well. Very roomy with great view of the ocean. The staff was incredibly friendly...especially engaging with the grandkids. All the staff seemed delighted to serve.
This hotel is in a very convenient location. Only 15 minutes to Tulip Town and Roozengaarde. Everything in the Skagit Valley was easy to get to yet still not a lot of congestion in the hotel area. The included breakfast was pretty good but not great. Best of all, in my opinion, was that our room was very, very clean.... More
Good quality accommodations for reasonable price. The hotel is somewhat dated, however has large rooms, wide hallways, and rooms are clean. Staff is friendly and accommodating. Breakfast is a step-above with made to order omelets in addition to the usual breakfast items. Away from the main highways, however close to shopping and restaurants. Good location for tulip festival as well... More
Pros: Very friendly and helpful staff. Cons: Property needs major updates. The rooms were large, but dark and very outdated. (I have never encountered a worse coffee maker in a hotel room - whatever this contraption brewed, I wouldn't call it coffee). We also noticed that exterior doors to the hotel were not locked. Overall, this was fine for one... More
We stayed at this hotel April 9-11 when we were in town for the Tulip Festival. We chose this hotel because it was the top rated for Mount Vernon on tripadvisor, and traveling a long distance (from the Spokane area), I wanted to be assured that we would be comfortable and have a good night's sleep. Although the room was... More
Hotel lobby and hallways appear to be in the midst of remodel.....but the room was great! Very comfortable bed and bedding and quiet stay. The breakfast is beyond most! So many options including made to order omelets! And great shopping is just down the street including an outlet mall.
We attended the annual Skagit Valley Wine, Beer Spirits Festival held at the Convention Center. The room was spacious, clean, and bright. Nice white linens on the bed and in the bathroom. Like that there was a sink on the bar area in the living area, as well as one separate from the toilet/shower area. Relatively quiet, but traffic... More
No surprises here, a great stay at this Courtyard! We were in town for 2 days prior to boarding our cruise and we loved our stay. For two adults, a child and a senior everyone was happy. The room was clean and nice size. The view of Lake Union from our room was beautiful and the location was great! Gym, great for the stay!Food in the restaurant, served its purpose and great to be on site!Service, fantasic!Very Happy with this stay!Thank you so much for your wonderful review! We are so happy to hear you enjoyed your stay with us before your cruise and hope to see you next time your travels bring you to Seattle!Sincerely,Rachel Packard
The staff was very friendly when we checked in. We had requested 2 double beds when we booked and they didn't have any of those rooms left so they upgraded us to a view room. The bed was very comfortable with nice linens. The dcor /room is older and a bit dated but other than that it was great. Fridge in the room but no microwave. Location was nice by the lake. My husband used the hot tub and said it was ok but over chlorinated. Felt it was a bit overpriced as compared to other places I have stayed in Seattle but overall no complaints.Hi dori4080,Thank you for your time in writing a review on your stay at Courtyard Seattle Downtown/Lake Union. Were happy to know that you had a positive experience with our service but regret that we missed the opportunity to make your stay even better as we do have microwave available to guests upon request. We want to thank you again for staying with us and hope to have another opportunity to serve you on your next visit to Seattle. Sincerely,Dan P.
Excellent location for proximity to and great view of Lake Union, and less than 15 minutes walk to the Space needle and nearby museums, a bit longer to downtown. Clean, we'll organized, and and most friendly and helpful staff. Rooms are very conventional but convenient and have all basic amenities. The small supermarket next to the reception comes in very handy and very affordable prices. Breakfast is solid but que at time is long. Gym is small but good. Complimentary basic wifi package is fine.
We only stayed a night here at this hotel in May 2015. It was a nice hotel, rooms were recently renovated it seems, and the hotel overall was clean. The wifi connection was stable, but the free wifi was a bit slow. Was averaging 2mbps download. Good enough for e-mail/social media, don't expect anything else. The parking wasn't an issue, enough spaces, however I wasn't too pleased with the cost. At the time online it said it was 25, when I arrived it was 27 or so. Plus on top of that there's a parking tax of 7 or so. It is in a good location, felt safe to walk around. About a mile from the Space Needle. It was a bit noisy however, and we were facing the condos, not the main street which is apparently louder. At 6am on a Monday we heard the garbage truck beeping and it woke us up and before bed around 10pm some units in the condo across were a bit loud. Not sure if i'd stay here again but the staff are very friendly and accommodating to your needs. Just ask for a quiet room if you're a light sleeper.
We stayed at the Marriott Courtyard for two nights after our Alaska cruise on points. From the very beginning the entire stay was awesome! We arrived really early planning to park our luggage and walk around the lake until our room was ready. We were lucky enough to have Becky Schaefer check us in, what an amazing experience this was! She was so friendly and immediately wished us a happy anniversary. She thanked us for choosing their hotel and offered to keep our bags while we went to lunch, even suggested a few venues within walking distance. Then, all at once she said they did have a room ready if we didn't mind the 3rd floor!! This was 11:00!! We were thrilled and checked into our room. The room was well appointed and spacious (considering we just came off our cruise in a cabin half the size). It was warm and sunny so we changed into shorts and then a knock at the door....in came a bottle of wine, chips and chocolates along with a note from Becky Happy Anniversary! Then the phone rang and it was Becky checking our delivery....I know this sounds made up but Becky is an example of awesome customer service!!!! Can't rave about her enough. If you check in to this hotel tell Becky that Kent and Carol sent you. You'll be guaranteed a BIG smile!!Hi C B,Thank you so much for your wonderful review and experience at Courtyard Seattle Downtown/Lake Union. I can't wait to share your comments to our Team. We are delighted to know you had great celebration-stay at our hotel. We hope to see you again!Sincerely,Dan Pham, Guest Service Representative
We chose this place because it was the closest Marriot to the University District as we were going to graduation. What we didn't realize is that this hotel is perfect!! The location is great, right on South Lake Union. It is walking distance to Pike's Market, Seattle Center, and great downtown shopping. There are several nice restaurants nearby, and easy on and off I-5. The Wi-Fi was free. We purchased breakfast with the room and the choices were off the menu, not a buffet, so it was just like going out for breakfast, freshly cooked. The bed was so comfortable. There was a good work space. The only downside was that the Market freezer was always sold out of ice cream when we go back. I'll definitely stay there again.Thank you so much for sharing your recent experience at our hotel. We are so happy to hear our hotel was the perfect fit for you recent trip to Seattle!We look forward to your next visit, and will be sure to have ice cream stocked in the market freezer in the evenings when you return! Thank you, again, for your wonderful feedback.Sincerely,Rachel Packard
We chose this hotel to see the fireworks July 4, 2015. We picked the correct hotel, because the staff, particularly Patrick Manley went out of the way to be sure we could see as much of the fireworks as was humanly possible. All the front desk staff are on their game and go out of their way to help. Emilee Nowlin stood out with her enthusiasm and assistance to our many questions. We also feel the bistro staff did a fabulous job in spite of the holiday rush. There could be improvement in the menu. On our last day we met the GM, and now know that his training, mentoring and management by walking around makes a lot of difference in how a hotel is run. The best Courtyard we have stayed in so far. Hope to see you all again.Thank you so much for sharing your 4th of July experience at our hotel on Trip Advisor!We are so happy to hear that you enjoyed your stay and that our associates were such a great part of what made your experience an excellent one!Have a wonderful rest of your summer and we hope to see you back again soon!Sincerely,Rachel PackardFront Office Supervisor
They are in the middle of a facelift. They informed me prior to my visit (much appreciated). I was impressed with the friendliness of the staff. The room was nice, spacious and clean. I liked the location and would definitely visit this hotel again. Hello John T,Thank you for sharing your wonderful feedback with us! I am so glad to hear that you received the renovation notifications we've intended for our incoming guests prior to their arrival. The staff that I have the honor of working alongside on a daily basis bring the positive energy to the rest of the team and I see that it was radiating enough for you to catch on to those vibes. We can't wait to serve you again whenever your travels bring you back to Seattle!In hospitality,Alina C.Guest Service Representative
We have stayed at this hotel several times. Always enjoyable. Staff is excellent, friendly and knowledgeable. The beds and pillows are supreme. We opted for a Lake View which allows visitors to watch Sea Planes take off and Rowing Teams Practice. We had dinner in the Bar/Restaurant which was also quite good with amazing staff. Easy access to the U of W and Pikes Market. Hi pattipumkin,Thank you so much for staying at our hotel again. We also very much appreciate your time in sharing your experience on your stay. We are so happy to know that you got to enjoy the lake view and watch the sea planes and row boats in action. We hope to see you again on your next visit to Seattle!Sincerely,Dan P
Let's start with the STAFF. Great (I mean really great!) staff! Dora at the front desk was helpful and accommodating and expressed an interest and helpfulness in getting us situated. Mark was fun, social and great helping us with our luggage. The food...really good! We ordered drinks for the pool and later chose to have dinner in our room. We ordered Pizza, Turkey Club, Wings and Asparagus. All done to perfection! My son and wife were thrilled! View was great! One last and important point, the ease of access to the rest of the city was provided by the trolly that picks you up just across the street near lake Union. We went to Comicon and could not believe how easy it was to get around and back to our hotel room. We will be back as the staff, proximity, food, views and pool all made our stay very enjoyable.
This was your very basic Courtyard. Not fancy but clean and comfortable. We stayed one night before picking up a Cruise and it was convenient to the piers. We were able to walk to Pike Street Public Market but it was a hike, so we caught a cab back. Hello Dori M,Thank you for sharing your experience with us! I'm glad to hear that our hotel was convenient for your short trip to Seattle before your cruise. We are excited to share that the beautification process will enhance the stay experience for valued guests like you! Wishing you nothing but the best for the remainder of your trip. I hope we have another chance to serve you the next time your travels bring you back to Seattle.In hospitality,Alina C.Guest Service Representative
I arrived with confirmed reservations at the Residence Inn, just on the other side of Union Lake, late in the evening, due to a delayed flight. There was no room for me, so the front desk made arrangements for me to stay at the Courtyard, a 5 minute cab-ride away. When I arrived, I was immediately given a room, a nice, updated and rather spacious room. There was a King-size bed, a desk, large-screen flat TV, and a bathroom with the necessary amenities. The room had a roomy closet, luggage rack and most importantly, a heater/AC that actually worked very well. I spent a restful night. Unfortunately, there was no restaurant service in the evening, and no place open in the vicinity. Breakfast was simple next morning: coffee, scone and yogurt. The price was right and I got a cab in front of the hotel to get to my meeting with plenty of time to spare. This is a good place and I wouldn't mind returning at all.
We spent a few nights at Courtyard Seattle Downtown/Lake Union in July. We loved the views of the lake and the location was pretty good - not walking distance to any touristy things. It was very quiet on the weekend, but came to life on Monday, clearly a more business/Amazon area.PROS:Staff at the front desk went out of their way to make things easy and comfortableRooms were cleanPlenty of dining choicesLots of outlets Rooms were spaciousI would stay here againFun elevator with lake views as you ride :)CONS:Poor lightingNo place to set anything in the bathroom (need a table/bench), or at least some hooksHuge (too huge) pillows (stiff neck)
Stayed in a King room with a pullout sofa for teen daughter. Shower pressure was great and room had a fridge. Had a lovely view of the lake and enjoyed watching the Kenmore float planes take off and land. The staff is excellent at this location. The bartender made some excellent recommendations for dinner. Ask for a coffee cup at the desk as they have complimentary Starbucks in the little market. Prices are expensive for a Courtyard but Seattle is an expensive town.Hello handwesh,Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback regarding your recent stay at the Courtyard Seattle Downtown/Lake Union hotel. I am pleased to hear that you and your daughter had a memorable and positive experience during your stay. Should your travels bring you back to Seattle, we hope to have another opportunity to serve you. Sincerely,Dan PhamGuest Service Representative
Ask for a room with a lake view! Hotel has a nice view of Lake Union and you can watch sea planes take off and land. Hotel was clean - room was good sized - bed was comfortable - internet service good - limited TV channel selection. Lobby bar was a fun place on a football night - and staff was very attentive. Parking is available under the hotel and across the street.Thank you for sharing your experience at our hotel on Trip Advisor! We are so happy to hear you enjoyed your stay with us, especially the view from your room and our staff's attentive service. Courtyard is the official hotel sponsor of the NFL so we're always excited for a game night in our Bistro!We look forward to your next stay with us!
Great location, easy into downtown and outlying areas. The room was very nice with a view of the lake and harbor. There was a restaurant on site and Starbuck's coffee kiosk in the morning as well as in-room coffee. There is also an indoor pool and hot tub and covered parking. Staff was very helpful.
We stayed at this hotel for one night before leaving on a cruise to Alaska. Let me start by saying we are HUGE Marriott fans, and have always had extremely pleasant stays at the majority of properties. Sadly, this particular Marriott may be independently owned or at the very least poorly managed which resulted in us having a horrific stay. We booked four rooms in total for our group. My family had two of the rooms. We returned after a wonderful dinner at a nearby restaurant and went to our room about 10:00 pm, with our main objective being a good night's sleep so that we were ready to leave for our cruise bright and early. Imagine our surprise when the room next door had a barking dog in it. No people...just a barking dog. We called the front desk and they apologized and told us they were so sorry that this was happening. They told us that this was a service dog which was why he was allowed in the room. They then went on to say that they had the same problem the night before, had spoken to the guests and the guests assured them they would not leave the dog alone again in the room. (So this begs the question why does someone need a service job if they don't take them out with them If a person needs a service dog, shouldn't the dog be with the person.) Aside from that, however, management knew they had a pesky situation and didn't deal with it. EXCUSE ME They knew this was a problem, they assigned a person to the room next door anyway REALLY Management came up, knocked on the door, no answer, just a barking dog who was now really agitated. This barking continued until 1:00 in the morning. We called the front desk again and again. They couldn't do anything about it as the guests were not home. The hotel was full so changing rooms was not an option and why should we have to move anyway In the morning we found breakfast for all four of our group's rooms slid under the door. Sorry--we had made plans to go to Pike's Market to explore and have breakfast before getting to the ship for our cruise. We requested a refund of points for the one room we booked on points and requested a refund for the cost of the other room. The manager informed us he was not authorized to refund our money or points. We dealt with Marriott Rewards to get our points refunded however, we were not ever able to get a refund of our cash account as the manager felt the breakfasts equalled the cost of our room---however since we didn't use the breakfasts we were not compensated at all. So why even give them one star They recommended a wonderful restaurant nearby that our entire family enjoyed. I will return to Seattle, I will NEVER stay in this hotel unless I hear that new management has taken over.Dear Guest,Thank you for spending the time to share your experience at Courtyard Seattle Downtown/Lake Union. Your feedback means a lot to us. We sincerely apologize for the noise disturbance from other guest rooms. Your feedback will be reported to our manager so that situations like this will be prevented. Thank you again for staying with us. Sincerely,Dan Pham, Guest Service Representative.
Stayed for 8 days with friends and had a very nice stay. After leaving for a couple of days to travel to Vancouver we came back and stayed in a front room that had a great view of the lake. Very clean suite and the pool and hot tub were very nice. The only negative in the room was the A/C. The ducting versus the room thermostat had one bedroom like an icebox and the other very warm even manipulating the louvers all the time and the stat was in the living room area so it had no clue about the bedrooms. Had a full breakfast in the AM that was nice but could use some more variety and lord knows some potatoes! Must be a west coast thing, but we Midwesterners don't do rice with our eggs and sausage. Very convenient location for walking to some very good restaurants on the lake and also public transportation. Could walk a block down the street and get on the old style trolley and take it to the end of the line and walk a block to get on the monorail to the Space Needle. The front desk staff was the best and were very helpful with directions and anything else we needed. A very good stay and we would go back for sure. T
I am a Marriott Gold member and was expecting some of the benefits to be provided for during my recent stay at the Courtyard Seattle. Disappointingly not much, not even breakfast is included. The only benefit I think is the additional points added on to my Marriott account for my 4 day at the hotel. I could have given this a 3 star rating but the property does have very nice and clean rooms. There is a laundry room which is clearly well maintained, orderly and clean. For that, I am giving it a 4 star rating. Dear chm0h,Thank you for taking the time to share your experience at Courtyard Seattle Downtown/Lake Union. I'm am glad to hear you had a comfortable stay with us. Gold Elite members are eligible to many benefits however, breakfast is not one of the benefits at our hotel. I would like to speak with you to discuss more. Please reach out to me at 203-213-0100. Again, thank you for staying at our hotel.Sincerely,Dan P.
We stayed here for 9 days for vacation purposes, so we experienced pretty much everything this hotel has to offer.It's location is great. It is right in front of Lake Union. Ask for a room looking towards the lake (floors 5 or higher): you will be rewarded with beautiful sunrises and sunsets. You will also see people kayaking and swimming. And Kenmore Air departs for its water seeing tours from there, so you can see plane lift ups and water landings: cool!As though that was not enough, you are 1 mile away from Seattle Center (Space Needle, EMP Museum, Chihuli Gardens, etc).We had a car, so it was nice to find plenty of parking, even for SUVs. Unfortunately you will be charges 27/day.Rooms are very comfortable. The staff (all of it: reception, restaurant, housekeeping) makes a point of acknowledging customers in one way or another every time they see you. And Whenever you request something they deliver it rather quickly, regardless of the hour. The hotel has a swimming pool and a hot tub. Small both of them, but good enough.The restaurant is open for breakfast and dinner only. No complaints on the service: very good. Breakfast offerings are fine: from healthy choices (oatmeal, yogurt with granola, fruits, etc) to more elaborate ones. Variety is limited but decent and it is all prepared rather fast. Dinner options were not attractive to us. We found them a bit over priced for the quality and quantity. However, the hotel has a small market where you can find a few things to eat, assuming you do not want to go out for dinner.A few blocks away from the hotel there is a Starbucks and a McCormick Schmick's restaurant, both of them with waterfront viewing. And about 5 blocks away there is a Bartell drugs where you can find medicines, regular snacks and a few more sophisticated options (salads, Gouda cheese, prosciutto and good crackers, etc).All in all: great place to stay. I highly recommend it.
My wife and I are active travelers who view a hotel as only a place to sleep and have breakfast so we can spend the time touring. We got the room with Marriott points, but would have otherwise spent the 269 for this prime location. It is away from the craziness of the Pike's place wharf but 10min from downtown on the trolley (1 per day for seniors) Seattle Rapid Transit is light years ahead of the rest of the U.S. --safe, clean, wheelchair access, and ON TIME!Although on points, hotel management quickly moved us to another room when we asked for a little less road noise. The in-house Starbucks Coffee was a plus. The rooms were clean and the beds comfortable. The desk staff were extremely tourist friendly readily giving tips and directions. Three budget eateries are a block away, but the staff knows the better dining venues as well. Just walking along Lake Union is a treat with the float planes, marinas and swimmers.This hotel will be our retreat whenever we visit Seattle in the future.Dear Douglas D,Thank you for your comments. We are very fortunate to have so many great reviews here on TripAdvisor and I greatly appreciate you adding your experience. I am glad to hear that you enjoyed the location of our hotel and the nearby eateries and attractions. Its a plus to know that we were able to deliver a memorable hotel experience during your travel in Seattle, and I cannot wait to share your comments to our staff! We hope to see you again soon!Sincerely,Dan PhamGuest Service Representative
Alina and Roque at the front desk are wonderful! Prior to arrival, Alina had sent out a per-arrival email with various details of the hotel and I emailed back inquiring about an upgrade. Due to my Marriott Rewards status, she was extremely accommodating with a waterfront room upgrade. Much appreciated!
Stayed at the Courtyard Seattle lake union 8/20/15.Hotel was spotless and service the best I have ever experienced and I am well traveled! This courtyard has it all! The location was great! Took the tram down town then a short walk to the Public Market on Pike! Tram was a 2 minute walk from hotel.the market shop at the hotel has it all - including bottles of wine, and snacks including gluten free- something I have seen at no other hotel. My brother got lost picking me up and the front desk staff stayed on the phone with him giving him directions for about 10 minutes! The room was large, clean and the bed very comfortable. Shower had great water pressure. Air conditioner was not noisy. If you want quiet don't get the water view as the sea planes landing and taking off make alot of noise. It was very quiet on the non water side of the hotel. Highly recommend this hotel!
The hotel is well located in the upcoming area of South Lake Union. If you have business with Amazon or the rising tech companies in the Seattle area, this hotel is perfectly located. Lake Union is also a nice place with sailing available on the lake, walking/running, and biking loop around the lake. The hotel is directly across from the lake. You can also easily walk to nearly anywhere in the city if you are up to it or its a couple of dollar Uber ride to downtown, Belltown, or Capitol Hill. You can also take a direct bus across the street from the hotel to Ballard or Fremont. The hotel itself is fairly typical of this brand, nothing special but clean and nice. Easy to get breakfast in the morning (not included) from the breakfast bar and they have hot food as well as the standard items. Cottage cheese ceilings tell us this place is ready for a remodel. Ask for a room on the Lake Union side to enjoy a beautiful view of the lake and the seaplane terminal.
I stayed here for a vacation, hoping to enjoy the location, but we received so much more. The room was so good. Comfortable and clean, we really enjoyed relaxing on the sofa at the end of each day. Beds were comfortable, linens were soft, and the kitchen was supplied with glassware and plates to enjoy dinner with our shoes off. Amina at the front desk always greeted us with a smile and was helpful in answering all our questions. The shuttle made getting around town very easy, though when you are across the street from Seattle Center, you really don't need to use it much! The view from our room was the Space Needle, and I loved it. Breakfast was surprisingly large and varied from day to day kudos to the breakfast staff for keeping the buffet area well stocked and clean. I hope to return, as I very much enjoyed my stay. Try this when you go to Seattle!Dear WandaP,Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel on Trip Advisor! I am very glad to hear that you had a great stay and that you enjoyed our location across the street from the Space Needle! I will pass onto the staff that you enjoyed our free breakfast buffet and thought their service was deserves kudos! I hope the next time you are in town you choose us again! Sincerely,Jonathan
To describe who is writing this, I was a single traveller with a 3-person party one floor down. My basic expectations are: clean-no trace of previous guests, good bed with bleach-white sheets. I don't really expect to be hosted, or served well, just not rudely. I didn't want to detract from my overall satisfaction with the accommodations, so I gave 5 stars. Here are a couple of downsides: the desk person who checked us in was not fabulous. Our party had split up for check-in, as there is nowhere for any parking besides the basement, and McDonald's across the street, she decided to get tough with my Mother, who had paid for the accommodations, and insist that the would not surrender all room keys until all parties were present. Even though we are all responsible adults. So she had to walk across a downtown street, get me, and return to get a second room key, which was a bit wierd. When checking in, she asked if I needed a room with a view This sounded like an offer, so I asked if it would cost my Mom less. No. The prices are all the same for that room type. Do you need a room with a view At this point I'm a bit bothered and a bit offended, because she has avoided simply asking if she could give me an interior room as a favour to the hotel, which I would have gladly obliged, but it was starting to sound like special request - room with a view like I had requested a crib. She also gave us the usual pre-flight bathrooms down the hall blah-blah, never cracking a smile. She never mentioned that the elevators are super-confusing, with only one going down to the parade, so if you hit down from floor 7, you might get the lobby only car, might not, it's completely random. Even if it seems no one else is using the elevators at all. The stairs will not take you past floor 1 so us skip the wait and run the stairs folks do not have that option. So after check-in, we accidentally boarded the top-to-lobby elevator, trying to get down to the parade, and had a super-confusing time learning all these facts as we went. So ask how the elevators work, please. I took the interior room, which faces windows to the hall and other rooms. in such a room, it would be easy to accidentally see or be seen by other guests. in the afternoon I was watching tv, and could easily see the cleaning lady in the room across, the windows are only perhaps 8 feet apart. So privacy screen down, blackout shades pretty much all the time. Otherwise this property is gorgeous, has a charming rooftop courtyard with BBQ and firepit, the fitness facility is ok, and the breakfast is included and Hyatt standard which I love! You should know that you cannot get access to the parade in any way without a key, my mom lost the key while sorting out the rooms, and we got stuck with a car behind us while she had a panic attack. A phone attached to the card reader links you to the front desk.......eventually. Very eventually.cclelland2016,We are thrilled to hear the Hyatt House met your needs and appreciate the positive feedback. Im glad you were able to take advantage of the rooftop terrace, fitness center and the complimentary breakfast spread in the morning. Its wonderful to know when guests have a comfortable stay as we are grateful of the comments. We look forward to your next visit in Seattle!Sarah Junge
The room was nice and modern. Parking is VERY limited and hard to get to. If you don't get parking in their small garage, then you have to pay for parking across the street. There is only a very small area to park your car to even check in and no valet is available. The reception desk seems cold and not very welcoming. The staff was anxious to help but I got the wrong parking pass 3 times. Hotel is clean and across from the space needle. We had an awesome view of it. Good luck
This hotel was wonderful. The staff was excellent and even though we had a car, we never used it due to the location in the downtown area and the shuttle that took us to the other places we wanted to go. We would definitely stay here again and recommend it to our friends.Robert S,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We value the feedback from our guests and are always striving to improve our guests stay. Please let us know when you return as wed love to welcome you back as our guest.Sarah Junge
My mom and I stayed for three nights in April. The hotels location cannot be beat. It is right across the street from the Seattle Space Needle and the museum of Pop Culture. Best part of our hotel stay was when we walked into our room. Not only was it HUGE but the view was absolutely stellar with a view of the Space Needle.The staff at this hotel is without a doubt the most attentive and friendly staff I have ever seen at a hotel. Everyone from the front desk staff to the morning breakfast staff (breakfast is complimentary by the way) was awesome.Only minor issue we had was getting back to the hotel on the complimentary shuttle. We called and arranged a time to be picked up but the shuttle did not show up at the correct time. Shuttle driver was very apologetic and friendly. This is a new service and as with every new service there are bound to be minor issues. This minor issue will not stop us from booking here again.Thank you for taking the time to share your thoughts about our hotel. I am thrilled to hear that you enjoyed your stay and that our team was friendly and attentive. Thank you as well for your patience and understanding with the shuttle and we hope to see you again on your next visit to Seattle!
Room 428.10Taxes and Parking 99.04We are Hyatt members, so we earn points, etc., when staying here or any Hyatt related property. We booked online, which was easy and received reminders about our stay.The hotel is across the street from the Space Needle and grounds. We went to a concert at Key Area, which is about 4 blocks walking. Lots to do just outside the hotel door.Parking can be tricky, especially if you have more than 1 car per room, which is the allotment in the garage. It is a safe and secure garage.Breakfast was good buffet style. Drinks, Happy Hour, snacks were good 4 Chicken Quasedea slices, 3 Pork Sliders were good with 2 Lemon Drops and 2 Espresso Martini's 70.The room was comfortable with a great view of the Space Needle and grounds. Big TV, slightly smallish bathroom if two people are trying to get ready at the same time and a big comfortable bed.No valet (park in front to register and get your parking pass to the garage) and no help to your room with the bags (get the cart in the lobby). People were however, friendly, helpful and quick to answer questions or be of assistance in some manner.Dear akittynamedtabitha,Thank you very much for reviewing our hotel! I am so happy to hear that you had fun in Seattle and enjoyed our location! Our room prices do fluctuate from day to day and are often much lower than the price you paid. We actually currently have a promotion going that give 10 off if you book directly with Hyatt. I hope that you and your family enjoyed the concert. Your stay with us is exactly when we try to accomplish. We very much appreciate your business and we hope we get a chance to host you again soon. Warm Regards,Jonathan
We stayed at the Hyatt House because it was convenient to the EMP, as we were taking a vocal workshop. The room had greasy fingerprints all over the microwave, chairs around the bar were askew, and the shower was dirty with large spots of soap scum all over it. We called the front desk and they asked if they could clean it the next day! We said, no, we are checking out then and want to take a shower in the morning. They said they would send someone up. I pulled back the covers on the bed to make sure the sheets had been changed and there was a plastic wrapper and a dirty wash rag. Needless to say, we went downstairs and said, please put us in another room. The next room was not very clean either, but better than the first one.kimbrleedo,Feedback from our guests is very important to us and we appreciate the detailed concerns. We strive to exceed all of our guests expectations and know we still have some work to do. Please know this is extremely important to me and I'm working with my Executive Housekeeper to correct any issues. Please let us know if there is anything we further assist with - we look forward to another opportunity to serve you in the future.Sarah Junge
The room was very nice. It included a kitchenette and a seating area that is separated to the sleeping area by the tv stand, which made the room feel more homey. The included daily breakfast was great too, not only were there pastries but breakfast meats and made to order omelettes. I Would definitely stay here again.
Our stay at the Hyatt House in Seattle was a totally satisfying experience. The staff was professional, the facilities immaculate, the room fabulous and looked out on the Space Needle totally convenient to Seattle Centre and the free shuttle gave me access to the downtown core and Pike Place Market.David W,Thank you for staying with us next to the Space Needle! We love our incredible location and are ecstatic that you felt the same way. As one of the newest members to the Hyatt family, we are more than appreciative of your feedback and am glad to see you enjoyed your stay. We pride ourselves on our guest satisfaction and hope to see you again soon in the near future.Sarah Junge
Stayed on this hotel for a business trip, but it allowed the trip to become a sight-seeing one. The room faced the Space Needle and EMP museum. The room was cozy, had all amenities (it was a house room with kitchenette, fridge, microwave). The place is very clean and modern, and the staff were very accommodating and understanding when there was a charge issue with my corporate card. The place has free shuttles to downtown Seattle, and is within walking distance from a lot of tourist attractions. I would stay on this hotel again, no problem.Dear Ugo C,Thank you for completing a TripAdvisor review regarding your recent stay at our hotel. Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be. I am glad to hear that you found our location to be great and our hotels staff to be helpful and accomodating! I greatly appreciate your 5 star review it will be celebrated with the hotel. If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly. We very much appreciate your business! Sincerely,Jon
Directly across Space needle, Chihuly and EMP. Loved the secured parking, worth the extra cost. Would stay here again! Everything was quick to access. The room itself was comfortable with a mini kitchen, and sitting area. Having the TV rotate to either side of room was helpful. Every staff member from front desk, maids, maintenancell were friendly and helpful. I felt safe and our stay was extremely comfortable. There is a McDonald's across the street for those needing a quick bite, not a fan but it was nice to know it was there.Only thing that could have oneImproved our stay was more time!
I would not recommend this hotel, the staff were not helpful, we had issues with our bills and the front desk said they could not adjust. The power went out in the room and maintenance could not fix it, got ready in the dark with no power.
The location next to the Space needle, the vibrant colors in the interior, the complimentary breakfast, a full equipped kitchenette and above all the courteous staff- what could one ask for more. Brilliant in all aspects.Raj Shankar G,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We value the feedback from our guests and are always striving to improve our guests stay. Please let us know when you return as wed love to welcome you back as our guest.Sarah Junge
I really enjoyed the room and vibe at the Hyatt House in Seattle. It was a great hotel to chill out and get work done. We were able to work all day during a rainstorm and the room was comfortable and large enough for 2 people to never cross paths while working.My only complaint is that they checked me out early before my guest was ready and they woke him up and interrupted him 9 times between the time I left and he checked out. Upon calling the hotel, the staff was very apologetic and gave him a nice bottle of wine to compensate for the miscommunication.
The hotel is well located for tourist attractions and check-in was easy. Getting maid service of any kind was next to impossible. No one would take responsibility of any kind. I called corporate and they agreed and called the hotel. Finally a general manager spoke with me and guaranteed my room would be cleaned between 9 am and 2 pm the next day when I was to attend a wedding. It didn't happen. Bathroom trash really does need to be disposed of daily. Both elevators broke during our stay and we never saw a repair person. So 6 flights of stairs every time. What was to have been a joyous occasion turned in to a very bad experience.Dear TravelingJeffry,Thank you very much for taking the time to review your stay with us here at the Hyatt house Seattle. I am sorry that your stay did not go as planned and that your room was not serviced and the elevators were down for maintenance. I can see how this would be create a very bad experience or you while you were in town for a wedding. Also that I did not get to speak with you in person while you were staying with us. If you choose to stay with us again and I hope you do give us another opportunity then please reach out to me directly and I will ensure your stay is wonderful. Again I am sorry if we let you down this is the opposite of our purpose. Sincerely,Jonathan
We arrived quite early so weren't surprised that we couldn't check in. We were told the room was clean but hadn't been inspected yet. We took the shuttle to Pike Place Market for a long lunch then put our 85-year-old mother in an uber to go back to the hotel. It still hadn't been inspected so she had to sit in the lobby till it was ready. We were thrilled with our view of EMP, Space Needle and Chihuly Garden. We had a 1-bedroom suite which is just a regular room with a partial wall to separate the sofa bed from the queen beds. We slept 6 fairly comfortably. Twice when we wanted to shuttle back to the hotel we couldn't get anyone at the front desk to pick up the phone. In the afternoon it took over an hour to finally get a shuttle and since it was a different driver he had a different pick-up place. We almost missed it but happened to look around the corner and half a block up then ran to catch it. After dinner when we again couldn't get through to the desk we called central reservations because they always answer the phone. They tried for 20 minutes to get through to our hotel and couldn't. They finally told us to take a taxi or an uber and we would be reimbursed. Sure enough - standard practice. When we got back to the hotel the only person at the front desk told his sad story of being SO tired and groggy because he had worked a graveyard shift the night before and was the only person at the desk for 2 hours. There was the shuttle driver sitting with nothing to do because if no one answers the phone and finds out where he needs to go he can't actually go anywhere. Very frustrating! On the plus side - breakfast was very good. This place is way overpriced though (over 400 for one night) and not the standard one expects from a Hyatt.Dear JenH,Thank you for taking the time to review the Hyatt house Seattle and thank you very much for the feedback. We will use your comments to improve our hotels operations. I am sorry that your room was not ready by the time you returned for your day out. Also to hear your experience with our front desk and shuttle staff is disheartening. The issues you experience will be addressed. Again I apologize that your stay did not go smoothly as it should have. I hope that you will give us another opportunity the next time you are in town and feel free to contact me directly so I can assist with your next stay personally. Sincerely,Jonathan
This is the most well run and cleanest of the Hyatt House (Hyatt Place/Hyatt Regency) hotels I have stayed in. The entire staff is extremely friendly helpful. The breakfast is fantastic. Freshly made omeletes and delicious buffet choices every morning, While other Hyatts also have the same breakfast, this location goes above and beyond with the quality care they put into the service. It makes having to work while in Seattle, a pleasure.Darcie E,It was a pleasure to have you as our guest recently at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown and it is exciting to hear that you found the staff to be helpful and inviting. I will share your feedback with all of the team who has been consistently recognized as exceeding customer service standards. We appreciate the positive comments and will look forward to your future visits to Seattle.Sarah Junge
New Year's Eve fireworks on the rooftop patio were fantastic! But so was the room, service, location, free breakfast, and shuttle to downtown locations! Easy access to kid friendly science and pop culture museum, Pike market, sculpture gardens and underground tour. The only place I'd ever stay in Seattle with family!
Staff were excellent and resolved a problem of my making at the check-in, in a very kind and efficient way. Reception staff were very friendly and nothing was too much trouble for them. Big thanks to Rhona, Amy and another lady on Reception who's name I didn't get (sorry!) The room was superb, big, clean and with a fantastic view of the Space Needle and EMP Museum and park. The housekeeping staff obviously work hard in keeping the hotel in tip top order and it shows. Can't fault any aspect of this hotel and I know where I'll be staying if I return to Seattle.Dear John M. Thank you very much for the feedback and thank you for choosing the Hyatt house Seattle! I am very pleased that you enjoyed your stay and thought we were a Top Hotel! I will pass on to the front desk the kind words about them (I know they will appreciate it). We thank you for your business and we look forward to hosting you again!! Most Sincerely,Jon M.
When we booked the hotel we requested that we have a view of the space needle When I called the day before we left to confirm our stay the woman I spoke too specifically said she was going to be the one to assign the rooms would make sure we had a view We arrived and while we checked in the front desk man seemed bothered by us. We asked where we pull up for the bell hop to help us with our bags (we were in town for a book signing, so we had boxes of books, table decorations,gifts etc.) Not to mention we were staying for a week so we had quite a few bags. We were told
Dan at the desk was as usual very helpful, Gary the van driver was fun. They took us to the conference center and when done picked us up.The view from the room is SPACE NEEDLE. you pay a little more for the view but well worth it. Easy 2 blocks to the needle and Pacific Center. Good food within walking distance.johngraver,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We are thrilled to hear that you created wonderful memories throughout Seattle and utilized the amenities within our beautiful new hotel. I will pass on your kind words to the staff, they will all be bursting with excitement knowing they made a difference. We are always trying to leave our guests with lasting memorable experiences. Please let us know when you plan on returning to Seattle as we would love to you welcome you as our guest again!Sarah Junge
I'm sure many people bill Hyatt House downtown as a hip, penthouse style apt, where you can go out and see what makes Seattle great, and it is. From my window on the 8th floor, you can overlook the Space Needle, museums below, giant artwork molds and the bustle of a city come alive with fun!For me though, it was all about winding down from a 13-week stint from my company, and meeting a friend, to start an adventure down the coast. I relished that I could bring up delicious sandwiches from the downstairs eatery, or go up on the rooftop and just hang out. I loved the view of the bay from my loft style suite, while reading a book. I liked curling up in their oh so comfy bed, with their plush pillows that were perfectly for resting and rejuvenating a weary soul.Mostly, I loved the fact that I could just be. And I think that is the point of Hyatt House. You make it what you want it. And its oh so easy to do that...Dear SBTimeTraveler,Thank you very much for taking the time to write a review of our hotel and your stay here at the Hyatt house Seattle. We very much appreciate all the feedback we get. I am very happy to hear that you felt our hotels rooms were hip and what you were looking for, I am glad that you enjoyed the view of the Space Needle.These are the kind of reviews that we strive for. I hope the next time you are in the Seattle area that you choose us again. We know you have a lot of choices. Sincerely,Jon
Setup and held a cyber symposium at the facility and was thrilled with the results. My people were able to concentrate on success while being treated to dedicated staff whose sole purpose seemed to be their comfort and needs. Team building was enhanced and our deliverable s to management exceeded expectations. The facility provided all we needed for success. This is the second year for this event and we will definitely consider this facility for future engagements.James D,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent group and meeting to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We are thrilled to hear that you created wonderful memories throughout Seattle and utilized the amenities within our beautiful hotel. I will pass on your kind words to the staff, they will all be bursting with excitement knowing they made a difference. We are always trying to leave our guests with lasting memorable experiences. Please let us know when you plan on returning to Seattle as we would love to you welcome you and/or your group as our guest again!Sarah Junge
My first time at the Hyatt house and amazing little hotel within easy reach of SLU, from check-in to check-out the staff were fantastic across house keeping, breakfast and evening bar staff. On the day of check-out the protests were causing havoc with uber/Lyft and the hotels town car was busy so hotel quickly arranged for another service to come and pick me up so I did not miss my transatlantic flight. I'll definitely stay here again when next back in Seattle. Dear gareth99,Thank you for completing our a TripAdvisor Review regarding your recent stay at our hotel and i am happy to hear we are a home away from home! Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be. I greatly appreciate your kind words and they will be celebrated with the entire team. If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly. We look forward to being of service to you in the near future. We thank you for your business! Best regards, Jonathan
The location is great. It is across the street from the Seattle Center therefore the Space Needle, Pacific Science center, the Armory, EMP, Museum of Pop Culture, Artists Playground, etc. are very easy to get to. The rooms are suites. It seems the ones facing the Space Needle (01-10) are more spacious or the layouts seems more spacious. I had family in a 19 room, which was a corner and it had the same features but a smaller table/island and living space. The suites are well supplied with everything you would need and the front desk is more than happy to give you extra supplies.The staff at this hotel is excellent. They are accommodating and very considerate. They call it a continental breakfast but I think it is significantly better than that. It has several hot food options, which change everyday and there is a always an omelet bar. In your room, there is a note with the rush hours for the free breakfast. It is pretty accurate. They also have a great happy hour and coffee is always available downstairs. For picky kids or late night eats or when the Armory is already closed, there is a 24 hour drive thru McDonalds.The only issue I had with the location was the parking garage. The spaces are tight. and you are assigned a space when you check in. The garage is underneath the hotel (which is convenient) but to drive in and out you have to use a special garage key. However, with the monorail across the street you probably do not need car.
Not pleased. Poor experience. Will definitely stay somewhere else next time. 7 day/6 night stay...zero cleaning despite numerous requests, no fresh towels or linens entire week other than towels/soap/toilet paper we helped ourselves to from nearby cart. overflowing garbage cans were finally put in hallway day 4.Dear RobinsU9085vk,Thank you very much for taking the time our of your day to review our hotel and share your stay with us. I very much appreciate the feedback and I am very sorry to hear about the poor costumer service you experienced. I assure you that your feedback is taken seriously and we will use it to better our hotels operations. I am happy to hear that you enjoyed our great location. Please keep us in mind the next time you are in the Seattle area. We would love to be given another opportunity to ensure you have a great stay. Please feel free to reach out to me personally. We do appreciate your business. Sincerely,Jonathan
This hotel was great. The rooms were very spacious and clean. The shower was a nice walk in shower. It was nice and quiet. The staff was friendly. The continental breakfast was fantastic. The staff was friendly and willing to assist in any way possible. Every time you walked by they looked up and said hello with a smile. I would highly recommend this hotel.Savannah S,It was a pleasure accommodating you recently at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown and we sincerely appreciate the glowing review! I have shared your feedback with the team regarding your experience and will strive to make sure we are exceeding all of our guests expectations. Please let us know when you visit next as we look forward to having you as our guest!Sarah Junge
Just across the road from the Space Needle and the monorail.About 1 hour from the airport using city tansit and monorail.Clean comfortable room.Very nice breakfast included in the price.Walkable to downtown or jump on the monorail. Then a few minutes walk to the waterfront and Pike Market.An ideal tourist hotel.Dear John C,Thank you for taking the time to review the Hyatt house hotel Seattle on Trip Advisor. We appreciate all the feedback we can get. I am happy to hear that you enjoyed our hotel and its amazing location around from the Space Needle and Monorail! We hope the next time you are in Seattle you choose us again! Sincerely, Jonathan
We had booked this hotel for two nights after our cruise in January . Two months before we were to arrive our plane home was moved to an exceptionally early time. We decided we had to stay at an airport hotel in order to make our plane, since we had to be at the airport by 4:30AM. I called to cancel the one night. Imagine my surprise when Hyatt raised the room rate for the remaining night 165. I questioned the reasoning and was told that even though we had until 24 hours before to cancel they treated the remaining night as a new reservation. We found a different hotel a block away and cancelled this entire reservation. Beware!
Hotel Was Exemplary - apart from the food options The food really lets your hotel down - the choices variety were appalling - doughnuts for breakfast Burgers Pizzas for dinner - there needs to be more varietyGene P,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We value the feedback from our guests and are always striving to improve our guests stay. Please let us know when you return as wed love to welcome you back as our guest.Sarah Junge
Me and my boyfriend stayed there 4 nights while we were in town for my brothers wedding. We stayed in a suite with a view of the space needle. We loved it Central location with plenty of attractions!Thank you for taking the time to post this! We are of course delighted to hear that you enjoyed your time with us. It was our pleasure to have you as our guest and hope that it won't be the last time we have the privilege. Cheers!
Awesome location, walking distance to great restaurants including Space Needle restaurant, spacious rooms with kitchen, hard working staff, shuttle to rail to take to the airport. When I come back to Seattle I will stay at Hyatt House again. Hyatt brand speaks for it self. D
While the hotel is clean and in an excellent location, you will NOT get a good night's sleep here if you have neighbors above you who need to fulfill their 10,000 daily steps in the middle of the night. Of the four nights we stayed here all four nights were full of different neighbors above us who for some reason need to walk back and forth around their room ALL NIGHT LONG, banging cabinets, doors, etc. Complaints to the house host were not helpful at all. We never got a decent night sleep here. Also, don't believe the shuttle stuff. We tried every day to get one, first being told just call 10 mins before you need one, then told you must come downstairs in person and wait, and oh by the way it would be a 40 min wait (when the shuttle only goes a 1 mile radius I do not understand). Never was able to get a shuttle the entire time we were there. The staff at the morning buffet were wonderful, friendly, but the hot food was not hot, the selection was small. And lastly, take the stairs. The elevator is S-L-O-W. We often waited more than 5 minutes. I would not stay here again, mostly because of the noise factor.Hello, Julie!Thank you for taking the time to share your experience with us. We are sorry to hear that you did not get a good nights sleep - that's the exact opposite of what we are shooting for! Noise complaints are relatively uncommon for us, and we will investigate a bit to see if anything can be done about the particular room you stayed in. I am sorry too to hear of your experience with the shuttle. I know it seems crazy, but with traffic sometimes a shuttle run for several passengers within a mile can take much longer than expected. It sounds like we could have done a much better job communicating with you though. We appreciate the feedback and will certainly use it as a training opportunity internally. Thank you again and we hope to have the chance to serve you again - with a good nights sleep!
New Year's Eve fireworks on the rooftop patio were fantastic! But so was the room, service, location, free breakfast, and shuttle to downtown locations! Easy access to kid friendly science and pop culture museum, Pike market, sculpture gardens and underground tour. The only place I'd ever stay in Seattle with family!
Me and my boyfriend stayed there 4 nights while we were in town for my brothers wedding. We stayed in a suite with a view of the space needle. We loved it Central location with plenty of attractions!Thank you for taking the time to post this! We are of course delighted to hear that you enjoyed your time with us. It was our pleasure to have you as our guest and hope that it won't be the last time we have the privilege. Cheers!
I visited with my husband and 16 yr old daughter and best friend and her family. We each got suites with a view before an Alaska cruise. The rooms are clean, large and well decorated-exceeded all expectations. The breakfast is good. Not fantastic but a nice way to start the day. The super bar is friendly and reasonable-we did not try the food. The location is excellent-Seattle is such a good walking city (this was our first time)- its walking distance from most places and still in a pretty quiet spot. Our room had a view of the Space Needle. What makes this hotel exceptional is the staff. The people were simply fantastic-truly customer focused and just plain kind. We had booked the rooms nine months in advance at a 40 discount from the current rate . We were meeting other friends (mom and two teens) that had booked air bnb. By 11 pm they still had not been able to reach their host and were threatening sleeping in their car. Because we had a suite that sleeps six, I asked them to stay in our room. I went to the front desk to explain the situation, ask for bedding -credit card in hand. They were wonderful. They saw how desperate we were, chuckled and smiled and asked what kind of bedding we needed and waved away my card (hope I am not getting anyone in trouble). The bedding was there in 10 min. Ive never experienced such warm hospitality and I am truly grateful. Thanks for a memorable and wonderful visit!
Despite booking the room type that you think you are getting online, you may find out that the room looks nothing like what you see in the pictures and what is described. The hotel is newer, in a great location and parking is more affordable than most hotels. If the room type is something that you look for in booking a hotel, then my suggestion is go in with low expectations. Hello!Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel. While we have a number of different room configurations, all of the photographs on our website are taken here at the hotel and are of the specific room types they advertise. It sounds like we made a mistake with your reservation, which is definitely not typical. I am so sorry that was your experience and hope to have a chance to serve you again in the future. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us if you are coming back to Seattle. We would be happy to take the time to double-check that your preferences are being honored, as is our standard operating procedure. Thank you again and safe travels to you, wherever you go!
We stayed in the Hyatt House for one night just before Xmas. Easy to get to via the Link and then one stop on the monorail, we had asked for an early check in, and our room was ready on arrival at noon. The room itself was stunning, immaculately clean (as was the rest of the hotel) and well appointed. Location was sensational (50 yards from the Space Needle and Glass Museum) and a 7 Uber down to Pike St Market. Breakfast was fine and checkout easy we left having had an excellent stay.
Pros: excellent location. Directly across from Seattle ctr. Space needle was directly outside of my window which was a nice view. The room is nice and spacious. Breakfast is good. The stop is nice and efficient. There's truly no reason to rent a car staying at this location. Most things are within walking distance all within about a mile. And the hotel offer shuttle service within 1 mile. Cons: My room was located directly off of the elevator which was allowed in the middle the night when people were getting back again. My son and myself are woke up each night due to the noise. The room was in need of some minor repairs which in my opinion should've been taken care of prior to the room being rented out. Things such as some touch up paint, a broken doorstop on the floor which my son picked up and tried to eat with the screw hanging out of the bottom of it, and a broken hand rail inside the shower on the door which was left hanging. Breakfast on the weekend as far as the omelette station goes is extremely slow because there is only one person making omelettes. We were told it would take 25 minutes and after 40 we still had not received our omelettes, nor did we ever receive our omelettes that day. We rented a car because it was our first time here. If you have to rent a car the parking garage is rather strange and the spots are tight. Your spot is assigned so forewarning, there are some spots such as 19, you guessed it, my spot! which is ridiculous. This spot not only has a huge pile which lands right at your door so you can't get out and if they place ppl in the spots slightly behind you then you can't get out even in a small car because these spots are caddy corner/ next to this spot making it impossible to get out of unless you have a motorcycle......... and for al this hassle you pay 25 per night!!!!! Lastly, I did not like how there are only two elevators with this hotel which are rather small which wouldn't be a problem if it were only the guest using but. The employees try to get on them with the guest with their cleaning carts, dirty linens, food carts, etc. so if you are A guest with luggage, wheelchair, stroller, etc. it is a very tight squeeze on the elevator. And the employees are insistent on getting on with you instead of waiting for the next one. Many times we were cramped in the elevator due to this.
From the minute I arrived it felt like I was staying at a friends, very warm and welcoming. Great location and staff was friendly. Told all my coworkers and recommended the hotel for them to stay in at their next visit to Seattle!Dear Edwardo Devinci,Thank you for completing a TripAdvisor review regarding your recent stay at our hotel. Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be. I am glad to hear that you and your enjoyed the view and felt very warm and welcoming! This is our objective. We greatly appreciate your 5 star review it will be celebrated with the hotel. If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly. We very much appreciate your business and hope to see you again soon! Thank you for the recommend as well! Sincerely,Jon
Reasonably priced hotel with large rooms in Downtown Seattle. Staff in reception were very helpful at all times. Room - Aparthotel style - cooker, dishwasher, fridge, microwave all available. Bed was really comfy and the electric black out blinds were put to good use.Food - Breakfast was buffet style and good. There is an omelette bar but if you hit peak times you can be asked to wait 30 mins so plan around it. The restaurant is more bar food but had a reasonable selection and not too pricy. Good selection of local craft beers and wines and if that is to your taste you will appreciate it.QFC - Turn left exiting the hotel and three blocks away on Mercer there is a large QFC where you can stock up on any possible groceries, toiletries, wines/beers you might need for your stay.Location - Pretty good overall about a 20 min walk and you are in the heart of downtown shopping Macys, Nordstrom, Gap etc etcI would stay here again without hesitation.
This is really a prime location and I loved our view of the space needle from our room. Rooms were very luxurious and comfortable. I ran a marathon on this stay and the hotel accommodated all the runners by providing breakfast earlier. Breakfast was so yummy, and they have happy hour every day with half priced appetizers which are as big as meals. The only downside is the 25 charge for parking per dayMichelle D,Thank you for taking the time to submit such pleasant comments about us at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown. We are so ecstatic to hear you enjoyed our happy hour, morning breakfast spread, and unbeatable location next to the Space Needle. We look forward to hosting you in the future until then, happy travels!Sarah Junge
Great hotel, in a perfect location, right across from the Space Needle and Museum of Pop Culture. Included breakfast is fantastic, lots of variety and super friendly staff. Studio room was spacious (2 queen beds and a sofa bed), kitchen and bathroom were nice sized and modern. There is underground parking, for about 30. It's about a 20-minute walk to Pike Place market.Great hotel, I'd stay there again whenever in Seattle.
You can't get any closer to the Space Needle in terms of accommodation it's right across the street! Fantastic view of the Space Needle from the hotel's rooftop deck, especially at night. Front desk staff were very friendly and eager to please. Free hotel shuttle anywhere within one mile of the hotel was helpful for getting to and from the waterfront and Pike Place market. Hotel decor was too cold and masculine for what I would expect from a Hyatt. Only two elevators made for a long wait to get down to the lobby in the mornings. Breakfast in the lobby bar was pretty good. Only had one delicious made-to-order omelette though because the wait was so long I gave up. No signage when you arrive telling you where to park your car while you check in. But a good experience overall, and with the prime location, I would stay there again.BeachLounger2008,We are thrilled to hear the Hyatt House met your needs and appreciate the positive feedback. Im glad you were able to take advantage of the ready-to-order omelet, complimentary breakfast spread in the morning and rooftop terrace in the evening. Its wonderful to know when guests have a comfortable stay as we are grateful of the comments. We look forward to your next visit in Seattle!Sarah Junge
What a disappointing stay- fell far below expectations, which weren't so high to begin with. The only thing this hotel has going for it is the excellent location. Otherwise, I found the front desk to be mostly unprofessional (with a few exceptions) and a little too casual.The room was comfortable and generally fine, in terms of condition, apart from the surprising lack of a safe! Having to store valuables with the reception felt inconvenient and outdated. The room was also a bit noisy due to a parking garage across the street that sounded a small siren noise every time a vehicle exited. Surely the hotel can negotiate this to be removed or install better noise insulation on that side of the buildingBut my biggest beef was the breakfast, which was simply mediocre at best and unreliable from one day to the next. Two of the three mornings, there was no fresh fruit to be had... and there was generally no healthy food to be found. The overall quality of the food reminded me of a school cafeteria and was very limited in choice.
Great location, stayed here for 1 night. A short walk to the water front but longer back as up hill. Great night life locally. Breakfast in the morning was better then expected, the room was a twin room and was perfect with great views of the tower. Staff very help full.robbo3556,We are sincerely appreciative of your complimentary remarks on your experience at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown. I have shared your feedback with the team as we pride ourselves on the things we do right and how we can continually improve. Safe travels we hope to see you again while visiting the area!Sarah Junge
Housekeeping left my door unlocked, and at the end of my stay the staff charged the wrong credit card. The people were pleasant, but if I had a choice between brusque staff who did their jobs properly and pleasant people who did not, I'd take brusque.Paul M,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. I sincerely apologize about the inconveniences during your stay and will use your review to make the appropriate changes to improve our guest experience. Your feedback is essential to us and we hope to have the opportunity as our guest once again. Sarah Junge
I asked for my parking spot as a guest and they respond they were full and send me across the street to park my car to Komo plaza and pay 60 usd by my own for 2 nights. At least I was expected any courtesy or a refund of 60 usd from the hotel.Too bad.
I really enjoyed my stay at the Hyatt House, the service is excellent and the rooms good. The rooms are spacious but more comparable to a studio apartment than a regular hotel room. The location even though it is next to the Space Needle is a tad bit inconvenient. There are very few decent restaurants in the area but having said that the hotel offers free transportation within a one mile radius of the hotel. Additionally there is a monorail that goes from the Space Needle to downtown.The free breakfast buffet is comparable to most other hotels of this kind but the area was definitely more clean and organized than the norm.Mark J,Thank you for staying with us next to the Space Needle! We love our incredible location and are ecstatic that you felt the same way. As one of the newest members to the Hyatt family, we are more than appreciative of your feedback and am glad to see you enjoyed your stay. We pride ourselves on our guest satisfaction and hope to see you again soon in the near future.Sarah Junge
Never had such bad experience before. Stayed in this hotel for 9 nights, there were so many incidents happened during my stay.First night, I requested double room when I check in, they gave me three times twin room.And I asked for a room with the view, they said I have to pay 6USD extra, which I agreed, then I found it was much more than what I have been told. Second night, I was being locked outside of my room. After changing the key card three times, they found out that it was the lock issue,they asked me to wait in the lobby till midnight, and then arranged me a room next door,which was not even cleaned thoroughly. Yuk, imagine that sleeping at a room with someone else left belongings.Third day, I was being notified that the lock of my room was fixed, so I can move back to my own room, such a relief, I was wondering what I am gonna do if I couldnt get back to my room, since all my stuffs are there. So I took a quick shower before going back to my room. Guess what I have found out when I change back to my own room The door was left unlocked and nobody was there!!! I had to quick check if anything was missing. Just when I decided to relax a bit in my room, someone came in my room without even knocking my door. He left immediately when he saw I was in the room without saying a word. I went to ask what that was for, he told me he just want to confirm if I need room service. I think that makes sense, and I answered yes, I need. but why didnt he knock first I went out for sightseeing during the day, when I get back to the room, it was exact the same as I left, nobody came to clean it. So I called them to ask why they didnt do the housekeeping since they came to my room specifically to ask if I require room service, which I answered yes, in the morning. They did send someone over to do it though after that phone call.Fourth day, since I thought they just did the cleaning the late night before, I left my room with DND sign on the door. Guess what happened My room was cleaned!!! Whats more, I was locked in the elevator for nearly ten minutes that night, and I had to call for help.Fifth day, I found my credit card has been charged by the hotel with a strange amount of money. So I called them to ask why. The person who answered the phone said they will investigate and get back to me. I was waiting and waiting, still no answer, until I get back to the hotel at the night, I had to explain myself again with what happened to another their staff. Yet, still no answer.Sixth day, they charged my credit card again, which makes me so furious, since they just did whatever they want without asking for my permission. Seventh day, after I called four times, finally, they found the reason why my credit card has been charged.Because they didnt preauthrize enough money when I checked in, so they have to do it again and again. I said why it is different amount of money then, they couldnt give me a straight answer. And when I asked why they didnt inform me first Yet, no straight answer.Eighth night, I have been charged again, but I could guess what it was for already.The check out day was the most smooth day during my entire stay. I asked them to print my bill. And I am so glad that I did.To be fair, the location of this hotel is really nice, since it is just next to the Space Needle. The breakfast is too blunt. Strong smell of the decoration for not only the lobby, also the room. But the attitude of their staff is really good. And they are actually quite helpful. So I wasnt going to write my experience until today when I saw the final invoice I was being charged around 60USD for parking fee. Ironically, I dont even have a driving license, and I have never drove a car!!! This is soooooooo ridicules. I have stayed in many hotels in variety locations around the world, never suffered as badly as in this hotel. Worst experience ever and super disappointed.Dear mgx2222,Thank you so much for choosing to stay at Hyatt Place during your recent trip to Seattle. I would like to first and foremost apologize on behalf of the hotel and entire staff for the unsatisfactory experience you encounter during your recent visit. We really appreciate you taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. I could make excuses about the newness of the hotel and the lack of experience of our staff, but that doesnt rectify your inconvenience. Its important for us to hear the feedback from our guests, as we want to improve and make the necessary changes that lead to positive experiences. We are addressing these concerns with the appropriate departments. We always want to be a part of great travel memories. Please let us know when you come back to Seattle as we would love to welcome you back!Sincerely, Sarah Junge
This is a relatively new hotel, conveniently located across from the Space Needle and Seattle Center. The location is perfect, the staff is so cordial and accommodating that my stay was perfect. If you are coming to Seattle, this is the place.Roger H,Thank you for staying with us next to the Space Needle! We love our incredible location and are ecstatic that you felt the same way. As one of the newest members to the Hyatt family, we are more than appreciative of your feedback and am glad to see you enjoyed your stay. We pride ourselves on our guest satisfaction and hope to see you again soon in the near future.Sarah Junge
Despite booking the room type that you think you are getting online, you may find out that the room looks nothing like what you see in the pictures and what is described. The hotel is newer, in a great location and parking is more affordable than most hotels. If the room type is something that you look for in booking a hotel, then my suggestion is go in with low expectations. Hello!Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel. While we have a number of different room configurations, all of the photographs on our website are taken here at the hotel and are of the specific room types they advertise. It sounds like we made a mistake with your reservation, which is definitely not typical. I am so sorry that was your experience and hope to have a chance to serve you again in the future. Please don't hesitate to reach out to us if you are coming back to Seattle. We would be happy to take the time to double-check that your preferences are being honored, as is our standard operating procedure. Thank you again and safe travels to you, wherever you go!
This is one of the nicest hotels we've stayed in. We arrived the day before our cruise, and check-in went very smoothly. We shared a room with our daughter and son-in-law, a very spacious room with two queen beds in a separate room, plus a comfortable to sleep on sofa. It had a little kitchenette with a fridge and microwave. Although we didn't use that feature, it would be handy to have if we'd have been staying longer than overnight. The hotel has great technology, lighting controlled with your room card as soon as you enter the room, a great TV in both rooms, and a very nice kitchen island to sit at and eat our awesome cheesecake we got to bring back for a snack. The front desk obtained great transportation for us to the pier the next morning, at a very nominal cost of 10/pp. This hotel is located within walking distance of places to visit, the Space Needle (right across the street!), the Chihuly Museum and garden, and many places to eat close by. Free breakfast was included in our stay the food was varied, plentiful, and excellent quality. We also booked a room for the following Friday when we arrived back in Seattle from our cruise, and stayed that night to go sightseeing during the day. Same great lodging, although a smaller room since it was just for two, and arranged transport again to the airport. We were too early to check in on that day, so they stored our luggage for us, and then texted us when our rooms were ready. We would definitely stay here again!
Can't beat the location near the Space Needle, museums, Key Arena, Seattle Center and the Monorail Having a microwave, stove top, small frig also helps save money. The buffet breakfast has lots of cold and hot options. Staff are surprisingly diverse and friendly. Parking also available underground for a fee that costs just about the same as anywhere else in that area..Margaret Irene J,We are sincerely appreciative of your complimentary remarks on your experience at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown. I have shared your feedback with the team as we pride ourselves on the things we do right and how we can continually improve. Safe travels we hope to see you again while visiting the area!Sarah Junge
The location is fabulous .... we were on the second floor and monorail noise was a little loud - we had no view but I'm sure some would be amazing. We did enjoy the very filling breakfast each morning as well as the shuttle service to Pike Place, the Aquarium and Target.
Hotel was clean andbexs were comfortable. Hotel is in a great location across the street from the space needle. Staff was very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was superb many different items to choose from and they even has a omelette stationDear johnA2018Gn,Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel on Trip Advisor. We very much appreciate the feedback. I am pleased to see that you felt your stay with us was worthy of Five Stars. This is what we strive for as hoteliers. I will pass on to the staff your nice compliments..i know they will appreciate them. On behalf of the entire staff I thank you again and I hope you visit us again soon! Most Sincerely Jonathan
I really enjoyed staying at the Hyatt House, the room was comfortable, the shower was great. The staff was very attentive and the shuttle easy to take to local spots in the area. A really comfortable place to be when you're away from home.Erika W,We are sincerely appreciative of your complimentary remarks on your experience at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown. I have shared your feedback with the team as we pride ourselves on the things we do right and how we can continually improve. Safe travels we hope to see you again while visiting the area!Sarah Junge
I enjoyed my stay at the Hyatt. Very nice hotel. Staff was very friendly and shuttle a bonus. Breakfast included.. Clean and decor was very nice. All services excellent. I recommend staying here. Close to all attractions.Scott B,Thank you for taking the time to submit such pleasant comments about us at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown. We are so ecstatic to hear you enjoyed your spacious guest room, morning breakfast spread, and unbeatable location next to the Space Needle. We look forward to hosting you in the future until then, happy travels!Sarah Junge
My teenage daughter had a dance across the EMP and this was literally across the street ! The view is amazing and the place was very chill and for a hotel chain, it felt like a local neighborhood place as everyone at the front desk were so friendly and helpful particularly a shout out to the shy and very sweet Matthew. They do have things you can borrow from weight scale to clothes steamer, but only a handful so it's usually checked out. Parking downstairs but they have a 24 hour shuttle that can take you around town.petitejetsetter,It was a pleasure accommodating you recently at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown and we sincerely appreciate the glowing review! I have shared your feedback with the team (highlighting Matthew) regarding your experience and will strive to make sure we are exceeding all of our guests expectations. Please let us know when you visit next as we look forward to having you as our guest!Sarah Junge
This is an awesome hotel! The staff was very nice and extremely helpful. The hotel is modern and beautiful. The location is excellent, right across the street from the Space Needle. The roof top terrace is lovely day or night with an amazing view of the Space Needle. Easy to get to downtown via a 2.25 trip (each way) on the Monorail to Westlake Center. From Westlake Center, it's just a 10 minute walk to Pike Place. The hotel also provides shuttle service within a mile.Cheryl H,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We are thrilled to hear that you created wonderful memories throughout Seattle and utilized the amenities within our beautiful new hotel. I will pass on your kind words to the staff, they will all be bursting with excitement knowing they made a difference. We are always trying to leave our guests with lasting memorable experiences. Please let us know when you plan on returning to Seattle as we would love to you welcome you as our guest again!Sarah Junge
hard to believe that a Hyatt hotel would not have parking for guests - was directed down the street. Ugh. Should be notified on web page of this. Hyatt should consider removing the Hyatt name from this brandRaymond M,Thank you for staying with us at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown. I genuinely apologize for the trouble you experienced with parking at our hotel and appreciate the time you took to write this review. Please know we continue to strive to meet all of our guests needs and expectations. In the future, we hope you will give us another try and find your stay much improved to the last.Sarah Junge
I've stayed at Hyatt house Seattle during the Spring break. My family really enjoy the stay there. I would strongly recommend people with kids to stay in this hotel because of the convenient location. It is right next to the Space needle, EMP museum and the Chihuly Garden Museum. Ride the Ducks of Seattle office is right across the street from the hotel, so, we were able to also join the tour conveniently right after our visit at the playground right next to the EMP. It is a very fun playground for kids. The breakfast is good at the hotel. So, next time you go to Seattle, Hyatt house should be one of your choice.osaka2010,Thank you for staying with us next to the Space Needle! We love our incredible location and are ecstatic that you felt the same way. As one of the newest members to the Hyatt family, we are more than appreciative of your feedback and am glad to see you enjoyed your stay. We pride ourselves on our guest satisfaction and hope to see you again soon in the near future.Sarah Junge
1) When we arrived we were not able to pay for underground parking because they had let non-hotel guests use the parking lot. I find it totally unacceptable. We were redirected to a lot across the street. 2) The coffee in the lobby it was very weak and often unavailable - left empty. 3) The rooms were in good shape however absolutely terrible noise problems. Whether there was poor insulation through the walls or just noisey all around. We were kept up past 2am due to noise through the walls and the next level above, this happened several of the 4 nights we were there 4) A couple of the days we had to call down because our room was still not clean at 4:30pm. The worst was when we were planning to settle in for the night because we had a 6 AM check in for an operation at the hospital the next day and we had to call down to our room cleaned.At over 400 a night we should not have to have dealt with these problems. The staff was polite enough but certainly did not seem to care about the inconveniences that we had during our stay, they Were not rude but they were not apologetic about what was going on.A simple I am very sorry and we will do our best to fix this would have gone a long wayOn the positive side1) comfortable beds however horrible pillows 2) Great location with a shuttle to all the main attractions 3) absolutely excellent breakfast. It is complementary and fabulous 4) kitchenettes in rooms were very nice to have
From the minute I arrived it felt like I was staying at a friends, very warm and welcoming. Great location and staff was friendly. Told all my coworkers and recommended the hotel for them to stay in at their next visit to Seattle!Dear Edwardo Devinci,Thank you for completing a TripAdvisor review regarding your recent stay at our hotel. Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be. I am glad to hear that you and your enjoyed the view and felt very warm and welcoming! This is our objective. We greatly appreciate your 5 star review it will be celebrated with the hotel. If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly. We very much appreciate your business and hope to see you again soon! Thank you for the recommend as well! Sincerely,Jon
Great location(It is next to Space needle and EMP museum. I would recommend to stay the whole day in this area. Walking distance to Pike market or you can use the hotel shuttle to go there.). Very clean room. Great breakfast buffet. I strongly recommend this hotel.Junjun T,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We are thrilled to hear that you created wonderful memories throughout Seattle and utilized the amenities within our beautiful new hotel. I will pass on your kind words to the staff, they will all be bursting with excitement knowing they made a difference. We are always trying to leave our guests with lasting memorable experiences. Please let us know when you plan on returning to Seattle as we would love to you welcome you as our guest again!Sarah Junge
We used our Hyatt points for this stay. It was our first time redeeming points, the staff was very friendly and helpful, check-in was a breeze. We used their free shuttle service to go to pier 55. The shuttle was very easy and convenient to use. The location of this hotel is wonderful if you are doing any activities downtown.Michele S,It was a pleasure to have you as our guest recently at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown and it is exciting to hear that you found the staff to be helpful and inviting. I will share your feedback with all of the team who has been consistently recognized as exceeding customer service standards. We appreciate the positive comments and will look forward to your future visits to Seattle.Sarah Junge
This is one of the best hotels I have stayed at, if not the best. We stayed for 5 nights.The room was beautiful, with a high end modern design. We stayed in a King bed studio on the 8th floor, which was the top. The bathroom had a cool sliding door, and the shower was big and very nice. The comfortable bed was separated from the area with the couch with an awesome wall divider and a swiveling TV, which was very convenient. We didn't really utilize the kitchen because we ate the complimentary hotel breakfast which kept us full until we ate out for an early dinner everyday, but it is a great feature it had a microwave, stove, dishwasher, and a majority of the dishes, utensils, and pans you would need.Speaking of the hotel breakfast, it was great. There were eggs and potatoes everyday, but they changed up the breakfast meat daily and alternated between pancakes and french toast. There were muffins, pastries, fruit, toast, cereal, oatmeal...the list goes on and on. You just have to get out of bed and get down there before it gets crazy, because the lines could be very long, and it got pretty crowded. The wait for an omelette was about half an hour usually, so I only got it once, but I like just regular scrambled eggs anyway, which was served daily. The staff worked hard to keep it stocked, but with an entire hotel full of people all trying to get food in a few hours, it could get frustrating to wait in line and see that what you wanted has run out temporarily when it got to be your turn. But overall, it was really nice with a great variety.Our room was on the side of the building that faced the space needle, which was right across the street. It was a great view of the space needle itself and of the hillsides of the surrounding area. The door to the rooftop patio was right across the hall from our room, which was great and super convenient, and didn't add any noise whatsoever. There were fire pits, ample seating, tables, and a great view on the roof.The location was great, made even better by the hotel shuttle, which will take you up to a mile away from the hotel, and pick you up as well. The shuttle drivers were amazing and kind, and this service was super helpful. For the first couple of days we walked everywhere, but that came with sore, blistered feet, so it was nice to be driven closer to our destinations. The park surrounding the space needle was really nice, and super close. When we didn't want to commit to a full-on adventure, but wanted to get out and about, we would just walk across the street and explore the park and sit by the giant dome fountain, which changes how it sprays the water and was super fun to watch, and if you want to get wet, play in.A downside to the stay was the slow elevators. The first couple of days, it could take 5 minutes or more for the elevator to come, but after a lot of people seemingly checked out after the weekend, it got a lot better, but there was definitely a wait. Being on the top floor, although awesome, may have contributed to this, as when you got on the elevator it went pretty quick, so maybe it was busy with the lower floors before it went up to us.The cherry on top was the staff. Everyone, and I mean everyone, was so nice and helpful. The people who ran the front desk were always polite and helpful with any of our questions whether it was over the phone or at the desk.We had a great time, and would love to come back to this hotel.Dear TravelingRachel1,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your visit on TripAdvisor. We are so happy to hear that you created wonderful memories, enjoyed the views of the iconic Space Needle from your guest room and relaxed on the rooftop terrace right outside your front door. I will pass on your kind words to the staff, I know they will be over the moon with excitement that they truly made a difference. We are always trying to leave our guests with lasting memorable experiences. Please let us know when you plan on retuning to Seattle as we would love to you welcome you as our guest again!Sincerely, Sarah Junge
Large new rooms with kitchenette. Has a rooftop terrace where you can BBQ and gather with friends with a great view. Staff very friendly and helpful. Has a free breakfast. Space Needle and Chihuly Gardens and Tram just across the street. Museums Imax Theatre. Very centrally located.balinout,Thank you for staying with us next to the Space Needle! We love our incredible location and are ecstatic that you felt the same way. As one of the newest members to the Hyatt family, we are more than appreciative of your feedback and am glad to see you enjoyed your stay. We pride ourselves on our guest satisfaction and hope to see you again soon in the near future.Sarah Junge
very nice pleasant stay... really enjoyed the hotel and the staff were friendly.. Room plenty of space and it was quiet outside.. Could not hear monorail.. great... Worth the price.... The breakfast is good as well. Great value ........ Front desk staff all very helpful. I would return to this hotel again for sure.Dear SusandY7842GY,Thank you for completing our a TripAdvisor Review regarding your recent stay at our hotel and i am happy to hear that our location and helpful staff helped make your stay great! Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be. I greatly appreciate your kind words and they will be celebrated with the entire team. If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly. We look forward to being of service to you in the near future. We thank you for your business! Sincerely, Jonathan
Wow, what a great experience! This hotel is located at the base of the Space Needle and is convienient to the best Seattle has to offer. The suite was well appointed, clean and had an excellent views. The area of Belltown offers a variety of restraints an bars. The hotel staff was very friendly and had a plethora of recommendations and suggestions as well as, provided a friendly atmosphere and service.
Steps away from the Space Needle and museums. Shuttle can get you to downtown or walking distance. There is no need to rent a car if you plan to stay within Seattle. Hotel parking is expensive at 25/dayLaura C,Thank you for staying with us next to the Space Needle! We love our incredible location and are ecstatic that you felt the same way. As one of the newest members to the Hyatt family, we are more than appreciative of your feedback and am glad to see you enjoyed your stay. We pride ourselves on our guest satisfaction and hope to see you again soon in the near future.Sarah Junge
Our room looked directly at the space needle. It was centrally located and allowed us to walk all over the city. The staff were very courteous and responsive. The breakfast and courtesy coffee tea was good. 340tbl,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We value the feedback from our guests and are always striving to improve our guests stay. Please let us know when you return as wed love to welcome you back as our guest.Sarah Junge
Very nice hotel. Perfect location for Space Needle, Pike Place, Belltown and Pioneer. Next to the monrail. Room was very nice and relaxing. Modern furnishings. The staff was very polite. Breakfast was excellent, with a full buffet and omelet bar.
I cannot recommend this hotel enough. There are so many hotels to choose from near the space needle and I am so glad I picked this one. It's location can't be beat. (literally across the street from the space needle). Ashaunti checked me in early and the staff went above and beyond to welcome me on my birthday weekend with a card and box of goodies. It was lovely! The complimentary hot breakfast with omelet bar can't be beat to start the day. There is a wide variety of food and beverage for breakfast and always coffee/tea/lemon water in the lobby. It's a newer hotel and is energy efficient. I love the security measure of needing a room key to use the elevator. Everyone greets you with a smile and hello. The room is clean and spacious and the bed is super comfortable. There is free wifi and also a free shuttle to anywhere within 1 mile. If you're going to Seattle for the Space needle, Chihuly, Public Market, etc you must stay at the Hyatt House. It is a wonderful hotel!!
We arrived quite early so weren't surprised that we couldn't check in. We were told the room was clean but hadn't been inspected yet. We took the shuttle to Pike Place Market for a long lunch then put our 85-year-old mother in an uber to go back to the hotel. It still hadn't been inspected so she had to sit in the lobby till it was ready. We were thrilled with our view of EMP, Space Needle and Chihuly Garden. We had a 1-bedroom suite which is just a regular room with a partial wall to separate the sofa bed from the queen beds. We slept 6 fairly comfortably. Twice when we wanted to shuttle back to the hotel we couldn't get anyone at the front desk to pick up the phone. In the afternoon it took over an hour to finally get a shuttle and since it was a different driver he had a different pick-up place. We almost missed it but happened to look around the corner and half a block up then ran to catch it. After dinner when we again couldn't get through to the desk we called central reservations because they always answer the phone. They tried for 20 minutes to get through to our hotel and couldn't. They finally told us to take a taxi or an uber and we would be reimbursed. Sure enough - standard practice. When we got back to the hotel the only person at the front desk told his sad story of being SO tired and groggy because he had worked a graveyard shift the night before and was the only person at the desk for 2 hours. There was the shuttle driver sitting with nothing to do because if no one answers the phone and finds out where he needs to go he can't actually go anywhere. Very frustrating! On the plus side - breakfast was very good. This place is way overpriced though (over 400 for one night) and not the standard one expects from a Hyatt.Dear JenH,Thank you for taking the time to review the Hyatt house Seattle and thank you very much for the feedback. We will use your comments to improve our hotels operations. I am sorry that your room was not ready by the time you returned for your day out. Also to hear your experience with our front desk and shuttle staff is disheartening. The issues you experience will be addressed. Again I apologize that your stay did not go smoothly as it should have. I hope that you will give us another opportunity the next time you are in town and feel free to contact me directly so I can assist with your next stay personally. Sincerely,Jonathan
It's a nice hotel, but could use some work. Staff is clearly overworked and they seem short handed. Only 2-elevators and one was not working one day I was there. Only one goes to the parking garage. One day Breakfast was basically out of food by 8:30am, and it goes until 9:30. 45-min wait for a 1-egg omelet at the omelet bar. Rooms are very clean, showers are weak, but a nice size. Bed was good, towels were good. Nice to have a full kitchen even if I did not use it. TV selection is limited, less than most hotels. Rooms were very quiet, could not hear the street noise too much. Ask in advance if you want a view other than a Tram and Mc.Donalds. The Space Needle is on the other side. Overall if you can get a good rate, it's worth booking. No Room Service at this location.
We stayed here on returning from our Alaska Cruise. I want to initially point out that this is EXPENSIVE, our room was 289++all of the taxes 329.00. The Hyatt is nice but the reason for the price is that you can walk across the street to the Space Needle, Chihoulys' museum of glass, the Science center and other Seattle attractions. You are also within a healthy persons walking distance to Pike Place Market. I will say the room was very nice and ours had a view of the space Needle. There is a nice breakfast complete with an omlette station. One of the nicer brekkes that we have experience in a hotel. During the Day the dining room is also a restaurant which was quite busy with the locals. After a Full day at the needle, Chihouleys, the Science center Ect. we stopped at the restaurant for a burger to consider for my burger blog. I ordered the Hyatt Burger as it appeared to be their signature burger 7.50. We had a little bit of a wait but nothing out of the ordinary. When the burger came it looked delicious and it was!! It wasn't fancy but the taste was phenomenal and I have rated this burger as the THIRD BEST have ever had! Hand Patted Patty seasoned to perfection, Fresh crispy lettuce, Thinly slice onion (tasted like a WAlla Walla), Firm ripe tomato, a secret sauce that I wish I knew how to duplicate (not Ketchup and mayonaise). The simplicity of the burgers construction and the seasoning is the reason for what I call a resounding triumph! This burger IS/WAS so (Expletive Deleted) excellent that both of us wolfed it down, I even enjoyed the lingering taste left behind. It was a SHAME to wash it down with a dark ale, but it even made the Ale taste better. Then we received a bonus surprise. Because we waited too long for the burger (didn't seem like it) the meal was comped. Wow, one of the best burgers in the world and it was FREE. That never happens, but it did this visit. After learning of the comp, I had to share with the waitress and cook just how fine it truly was. I also told them to look for this review on Trip Advisor. I highly recommend that you stop here and have this burger if you are in the Seattle Area. I know I will !!Dear Beerdamage,Thank you for taking the time out of your day to review the Hyatt house Downtown Seattle! We very much appreciate your feedback. I am so glad to hear that you thought our hotels location and Hbar was the best. I can tell from your Trip Advisor name that you must know a thing about beer and so the compliment is very much a welcome one. I will pass onto the Hbar staff and the rest of my team your kind words. Anytime we can make our guests stay a 5 star experience we know we succeeded! We sincerely appreciate the recommendation on our awesome burgers as well. We very much hope to see you again soon not just as our guests at hotel but in our Hbar! Sincerely,Jon
Excellent hotel in downtown across from space-needle, museums, eateries and other services. Couldn't be happier with accommodations and customer service. Room was Comfy, Clean and Quiet. We were part of large group that traveled across the county for a wedding. Rooms are set up with stools at a kitchen island along the sofa arrangement in living area, create a larger sitting area, making rooms comfortable for several people to meet or just for two to lounge comfortably in room between activities. Larger hang out areas available in lobby and roof top make it a great place for a large group to mingle. Staff was super nice, helping with early check-in an holding our luggage for several hours after our check-out. Continental breakfast was a nice variety, hot and fresh. Only thing I would change is to have lounge/restaurant area open for at least light lunch options and stay open through night. Currently after breakfast it is closed and reopens at 4pm.
Located right across the street from the Space Needle it's a great choice to stay in Seattle. Downtown is just a couple of minutes driving or 15 minutes walking.Our room had a small kitchen but the only bad thing is that aparently you need to bring your own pillows if you want to rest properly because the ones they have are terrible.
To describe who is writing this, I was a single traveller with a 3-person party one floor down. My basic expectations are: clean-no trace of previous guests, good bed with bleach-white sheets. I don't really expect to be hosted, or served well, just not rudely. I didn't want to detract from my overall satisfaction with the accommodations, so I gave 5 stars. Here are a couple of downsides: the desk person who checked us in was not fabulous. Our party had split up for check-in, as there is nowhere for any parking besides the basement, and McDonald's across the street, she decided to get tough with my Mother, who had paid for the accommodations, and insist that the would not surrender all room keys until all parties were present. Even though we are all responsible adults. So she had to walk across a downtown street, get me, and return to get a second room key, which was a bit wierd. When checking in, she asked if I needed a room with a view This sounded like an offer, so I asked if it would cost my Mom less. No. The prices are all the same for that room type. Do you need a room with a view At this point I'm a bit bothered and a bit offended, because she has avoided simply asking if she could give me an interior room as a favour to the hotel, which I would have gladly obliged, but it was starting to sound like special request - room with a view like I had requested a crib. She also gave us the usual pre-flight bathrooms down the hall blah-blah, never cracking a smile. She never mentioned that the elevators are super-confusing, with only one going down to the parade, so if you hit down from floor 7, you might get the lobby only car, might not, it's completely random. Even if it seems no one else is using the elevators at all. The stairs will not take you past floor 1 so us skip the wait and run the stairs folks do not have that option. So after check-in, we accidentally boarded the top-to-lobby elevator, trying to get down to the parade, and had a super-confusing time learning all these facts as we went. So ask how the elevators work, please. I took the interior room, which faces windows to the hall and other rooms. in such a room, it would be easy to accidentally see or be seen by other guests. in the afternoon I was watching tv, and could easily see the cleaning lady in the room across, the windows are only perhaps 8 feet apart. So privacy screen down, blackout shades pretty much all the time. Otherwise this property is gorgeous, has a charming rooftop courtyard with BBQ and firepit, the fitness facility is ok, and the breakfast is included and Hyatt standard which I love! You should know that you cannot get access to the parade in any way without a key, my mom lost the key while sorting out the rooms, and we got stuck with a car behind us while she had a panic attack. A phone attached to the card reader links you to the front desk.......eventually. Very eventually.cclelland2016,We are thrilled to hear the Hyatt House met your needs and appreciate the positive feedback. Im glad you were able to take advantage of the rooftop terrace, fitness center and the complimentary breakfast spread in the morning. Its wonderful to know when guests have a comfortable stay as we are grateful of the comments. We look forward to your next visit in Seattle!Sarah Junge
WE stay here every year for the bluejays series and just love everything about this hotel. They are dog friendly!! have a great location, have the biggest most spacious rooms in all of seattle. The roof top patios is a great addition to the space and give you a beautiful spot to enjoy the seattle views. And the Happy hour is well worth the visit even if not staying at the hotel. Looking forward to next year already.
Pillows were perfect....but the room was stark and dull and not cozy, but it was VERY clean! Expensive but close to the Space Needle and museums, and very close to monorail and Ride the Ducks (which was so much fun!) - so you'll save money on transportation.The staff was very helpful.Breakfast buffet was Okay but the same everyday.Check out the rooftop terrace - wonderful views!ArloFamily,We are thrilled to hear the Hyatt House met your needs and appreciate the positive feedback. Im glad you were able to take advantage of our perfect location next to the Seattle Center and the complimentary breakfast spread in the morning. Its wonderful to know when guests have a comfortable stay as we are grateful of the comments. We look forward to your next visit in Seattle!Sarah Junge
Super friendly clean rooms great breakfast . Stayed 5 days staff helped pick restaurants and provided shuttle transportation. Can't say enough Nice things about this hotel. Location is right across from space needle! Bonus.Dear Jessica M,Thank you for sharing your experience at the Hyatt house Seattle! I am glad to hear you enjoyed our welcoming friendly service and great location. It is good to know that even though you did not originally pick our hotel that you would absolutely stay with us next time you are in town..We appreciate your business!Thank you again for choosing Hyatt house. Sincerely,Jon
We stayed at the Hyatt House for five days at the end of June, a scant two weeks after the hotel opened. It is located on Fifth street and fronts Seattle Center.Room: The room was well designed. It is designed for longer stays and thus has some basic utensils, cook top and dishwasher. We didn't do any cooking but it was convenient to have a freezer compartment that actually worked. We availed ourselves of some ice cream from downstairs and kept the remainder in the freezer for the next night. The bed was very comfortable, better than most hotels. The shower was large. We saw some electronic controls on the wall that simply said My. It turned out that they were for the electric blind controls on the windows. It seemed to us that travelers shouldn't have to guess what controls in a room do. They should be labeled. This is a small complaint for a room that otherwise was well designed and quiet. We slept well here.Internet: I tested the up and download speeds and got 33 megs down and almost the same speed for upload. Very good internet function and was easy to logon.Housekeeping: We did not get any housekeeping one night and on another a harried housekeeper who was supposed to get off at 4 PM knocked on our door at 830 PM and asked if we needed service. They seem to be short of housekeepers and it struck us that they are asking the housekeepers to do too much. I suspect that they are not paid enough either. Morning Breakfast: The breakfast was quite good. We often stay at the Hampton Inn down the street and the food here was much better quality. You even get real scrambled eggs here versus egg food. The juices were good and cold. They have an innovative cooling table that all of the juices sit on and it worked well. The design of the eating area could be improved. Sadly, now that this hotel is open it will be unlikely that changes will be made. They store the plates overhead in the middle of the buffet line. It is an awkward place to have them and would be difficult to access for shorter customers. The buffet line area is too narrow. When people are on the omelet side they often bump into the people on the other side. This seems like an odd oversight. You would think architects for Hyatt would have this down by now. Overall though, the food was quite good and included in the price of the room.Hotel design: The main lobby area is quite pleasing to look at and use. There are ample chairs with modern design and were quite comfortable. The check in desk was ok but I often wonder why they make their staff stand all day. Hyatt could take a cue from Hilton hotels in this regard. The snack kiosk next to the check in desk was well stocked and we used it several times. The hotel elevators are inadequate. They only have two elevators. There often were lengthy waits, particularly on the weekend when the hotel was fully booked. This is another flaw that can't be remedied and it is a surprise again that the architect failed so badly on this item. There is only one elevator that goes to the parking garage, the one on the left, again a miss. The garage is oddly designed, probably because the hotel is on a triangularly shaped lot. Even though we had a compact car, the parking spaces are far too narrow making it difficult for parking and getting in and out of your vehicle. You also have to make a 90 degree turn to either enter or exit the garage, This is after you descend the steep entry. There are some large bolts protruding from the card reader mount at the bottom of the garage entrance. Since you have to make a sharp turn on leaving I can see that someone with a larger vehicle may run over one of these and puncture a tire. Fortunately for Seattle, it snows infrequently, but I could see where some blowing snow could drift down into the very steep parking garage entrance. Someone entering could then slide all the way to the bottom where they would hit the roll up door.Staff: The staff were pleasant and helpful. They looked fatigued and understaffed. I suspect this will improve as the bring more employees on board. We saw one manager who was on duty all day and was there at least until 10 PM when we walked through the lobby. He was there again the next morning when I left the hotel at 0800.Miscellaneous: They accept dogs here. There is a 75 charge per stay. This seems steep if you only stay for one night. We had no problems with our golden retriever and it was conveniently close to the Seattle Center for dog bathroom breaks. Pickup bags are available on the street. Summary: We would likely stay here again when we visit Seattle. I suspect the start up problems will be resolved soon. The morning breakfast was quite good but they need to resort things so that access is better. The rooms overall were great, well designed and comfortable. The staff are harried, hopefully they will have an adequate number of employees soon. The hotels in Seattle seem very highly priced. Our room was 254 and I see now that the rate has risen to 400 per night. Enjoy your stay in Seattle, this is a hotel you would be very comfortable staying at!Dear Thomas K,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your visit on TripAdvisor. We are thrilled to hear that you created wonderful memories throughout the city and in our beautiful new hotel. First and foremost I would like to apologize on behalf of the hotel and staff for the inconveniences you encountered during your recent visit. Please know this is extremely important and a large focus for me and my management team. These items are certainly and being addressed with each department as we speak. We are always trying to leave our guests with lasting memorable experiences. Please let us know when you plan on retuning to Seattle as we would love to you welcome you as our guest again!Sincerely, Sarah Junge
We went to Seattle for an event at the Key Center for my sons. The location of the Hyatt House was ideal. Walking distance for all of our activities (including VERY close to the monorail which made easy access to light rail and Pioneer Square activities as well). The staff at the Hyatt House were outstanding. Very friendly and helpful. A couple issues (that should be easily fixable): 1) the keys for the doors (and the elevators) SUCK! I needed to switch mine out twice and from the people struggling to use them in the elevators, I know I wasn't the only one. We were told this is a new system so hopefully they can work out the bugs. It was very frustrating. 2) elevators. Woof. During the busy morning times, it took forever! And it would have been easy to take the stairs but there is NO access from the stairs to the ground floor without setting off a fire alarm. This seems like it would be any easy fix so hopefully they can do it soon because it was bad!Jared80525,Thank you for staying with us next to the Seattle Center! We love our incredible location and are ecstatic that you felt the same way. As one of the newest members to the Hyatt family, we are more than appreciative of your feedback. I sincerely apologize about the inconveniences of the elevators and the door locks during your stay. Please know we are diligently working on correcting these areas to improve our guest experience. Your feedback is essential to us and we hope to have the opportunity as our guest once again. Sarah Junge
Hyatt House Seattle, provided a pack n' play crib and a high chair, perfect for our one and half year old. The location is directly across from the Seattle where there is a playground, the Space Needle, Science Center and a myriad of things for kdis to explore. Bonus was that it is also next door to the Monorail which we took everyday and did not need to take out the rental car once.Adelina P,Thank you for staying with us next to the Space Needle! We love our incredible location and are ecstatic that you felt the same way. As one of the newest members to the Hyatt family, we are more than appreciative of your feedback and am glad to see you enjoyed your stay. We pride ourselves on our guest satisfaction and hope to see you again soon in the near future.Sarah Junge
This is one of the best hotels I have stayed at, if not the best. We stayed for 5 nights.The room was beautiful, with a high end modern design. We stayed in a King bed studio on the 8th floor, which was the top. The bathroom had a cool sliding door, and the shower was big and very nice. The comfortable bed was separated from the area with the couch with an awesome wall divider and a swiveling TV, which was very convenient. We didn't really utilize the kitchen because we ate the complimentary hotel breakfast which kept us full until we ate out for an early dinner everyday, but it is a great feature it had a microwave, stove, dishwasher, and a majority of the dishes, utensils, and pans you would need.Speaking of the hotel breakfast, it was great. There were eggs and potatoes everyday, but they changed up the breakfast meat daily and alternated between pancakes and french toast. There were muffins, pastries, fruit, toast, cereal, oatmeal...the list goes on and on. You just have to get out of bed and get down there before it gets crazy, because the lines could be very long, and it got pretty crowded. The wait for an omelette was about half an hour usually, so I only got it once, but I like just regular scrambled eggs anyway, which was served daily. The staff worked hard to keep it stocked, but with an entire hotel full of people all trying to get food in a few hours, it could get frustrating to wait in line and see that what you wanted has run out temporarily when it got to be your turn. But overall, it was really nice with a great variety.Our room was on the side of the building that faced the space needle, which was right across the street. It was a great view of the space needle itself and of the hillsides of the surrounding area. The door to the rooftop patio was right across the hall from our room, which was great and super convenient, and didn't add any noise whatsoever. There were fire pits, ample seating, tables, and a great view on the roof.The location was great, made even better by the hotel shuttle, which will take you up to a mile away from the hotel, and pick you up as well. The shuttle drivers were amazing and kind, and this service was super helpful. For the first couple of days we walked everywhere, but that came with sore, blistered feet, so it was nice to be driven closer to our destinations. The park surrounding the space needle was really nice, and super close. When we didn't want to commit to a full-on adventure, but wanted to get out and about, we would just walk across the street and explore the park and sit by the giant dome fountain, which changes how it sprays the water and was super fun to watch, and if you want to get wet, play in.A downside to the stay was the slow elevators. The first couple of days, it could take 5 minutes or more for the elevator to come, but after a lot of people seemingly checked out after the weekend, it got a lot better, but there was definitely a wait. Being on the top floor, although awesome, may have contributed to this, as when you got on the elevator it went pretty quick, so maybe it was busy with the lower floors before it went up to us.The cherry on top was the staff. Everyone, and I mean everyone, was so nice and helpful. The people who ran the front desk were always polite and helpful with any of our questions whether it was over the phone or at the desk.We had a great time, and would love to come back to this hotel.Dear TravelingRachel1,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your visit on TripAdvisor. We are so happy to hear that you created wonderful memories, enjoyed the views of the iconic Space Needle from your guest room and relaxed on the rooftop terrace right outside your front door. I will pass on your kind words to the staff, I know they will be over the moon with excitement that they truly made a difference. We are always trying to leave our guests with lasting memorable experiences. Please let us know when you plan on retuning to Seattle as we would love to you welcome you as our guest again!Sincerely, Sarah Junge
I don't usually do reviews, but we were very pleased with this hotel. It is literally right across the street from the Space Needle and a few walking blocks to the monorail to get downtown---could not have asked for a better location. We even walked down to Olympic park. On top of that, our room was perfect---a small kitchen, 2 queen beds, and a comfy pull out sofa---perfect for my family of 4 (2 teenage daughters). The free breakfast in the morning was excellent. They had a big variety and you could even special order an omelet. My husband and I also enjoyed the evening happy hour. Right next to the Space Needle is the Armory with a wide variety of places to eat. This was a perfect, inexpensive option for our family. Would definitely stay there again!!Dear Gail H,Thank you very much for taking to write a review about your stay with us. We appreciate all the feedback we get. I am very happy to hear that you and your family found our hotel great and the hotels location, comfortable rooms and breakfast buffet. Also that your husband enjoyed our awesome happy hour :) I will share with the staff your kind words and we will celebrate them. We know you have many choices of hotels to pick from here in Seattle so we thank you for choosing Hyatt House. It is great to hear you and your family would definitely stay with us again! We do appreciate your business! Sincerely,Jonathan
Staff was very friendly and especially helpful. Included breakfast was better than most hotel breakfasts. Location is right at the foot of the space needle. Public transportation (monorail and buses) were within a block of the hotel. The room had a refrigerator and microwave.
I took my 26 year old daughter for a Birthday mini 5 day vacation to Seattle. From the amazing warm staff , the beautiful suite with refrigerator, microwave, couch lounge area and two queen beds wow so well done! The staff at the front desk were all amazing and gave us great ideas to have a fun vacation even offering us ideas for free museum visits on Thursdays. The breakfast and adorable chefs were so accommodating and wonderful omelettes also great variety of fruit, yogurts cereals and many other delightful treats! Oh also free shuttle around 1 mile radius but able to walk and uber everywhere as well! Top notch managing, customer service and a fun and amazing place to visit! WE are from San Diego and the rain and snow was a welcome change and absolute delight as many things inside but a change for us as well. Do not miss SNOQUALMIE FALLS( rent car from Avis walking distance from hotel) for the day! Also CHIHULY glass gardens so beautiful walking distance from hotel! THank you for an unforgettable trip Camille, Matt, Spring, Scotty, Gregory , Jen and anyone else we left out that works for the hotel! JL
Visiting Seattle with my partner for an overnight stop on our trip down the west coast en route to California. The hotel check in staff were immediately unhelpful. I don't like the complexity of the car park and how badly sign posted it is. They should make provision for some limited parking whilst you check in but instead they leave you parked in front of the gate in limbo whilst someone in the party runs in to sort it. The room itself - a king on the 4th floor with views of the Space Needle - was large and comfortable with a good bed. The bathroom was, perhaps, a little basic - the toilet looked very down market and the shower had very poor pressure. Some nicer quality toiletries would also be a nice touch at 400/night. That said, we both slept well - though both found the air con to be unnecessarily noisy. The microwave display is also so bright that I got up to unplug it so we could sleep. We aren't the types to need pitch black and silence to sleep but it's almost obnoxiously bright and a discernible blue hue is visible even with closed eyes. Not good enough. The automatic blinds are a nice touch, however. Breakfast was awful but checkout smooth. All in all.. Meh.bhunjan,Thank you for taking the time out of your schedule to complete this review regarding your recent stay at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown. Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response by continuing to focus on making each and every guest experience the best it can be. We hope to be of service to you in the future.Sarah Junge
First off- you are *literally* across the street from the Needle! You actually couldnt be closer. Also to the Chuhuly And MoPop museums and the monorail. It was a great place to be based, a 15 minutes walk to Pikes Place. The room has a kitchenette with a full-size fridge/freezer. A two burner electric cooktop, pans and plates and flatware provided. We had a corner room by the monorail but didnt hear anything. Had a little living area with a couch. More than enough room for two people. The breakfast was included and was great! Made to order omelettes, yogurt, French toast, etc, etc. It was great to be able to cook for when you didnt feel like going out- though there is plenty right nearby! Super comfy beds and nice blackout curtains. Highly recommend!Thank you for sharing your experience with us. I am very glad that you chose to make us your home base for your Seattle adventure. Please come back and see us again soon!
I entered the room with an overlook of the gas station next door, which was ok however the homeless guy that hung out and got drunk all weekend was the worst. I not only had to hear him from my room , but when I left the hotel to get something from the store I had to deal with him as well. It is clear the hotel cares for the front end of the building but won't deal with that back. Not worth the stay.Dear johntraveler1980,Thank you for staying with us at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown. I genuinely apologize for the trouble you experienced at our hotel and appreciate the time you took to write this review. Please know we continue to strive to meet all of our guests needs and expectations. Please know the items brought to our attention are being addressed with the Seattle Police Department. In the future, we hope you will give us another try and find your stay much improved to the last.Sarah Junge
The Hyatt House is just steps away from great attractions such as the Space Needle, Chihuly Glass and Garden, and the EMP Museum. The room was spacious and had a refrigerator and microwave. The hotel has a great rooftop lounge area with comfortable seating, firepits, and a beautiful view of the surrounding area. The free breakfast was delicious and included a good variety of food including made to order omelets, fruit, juices, etc. The only downside here is that the parking is a bit expensive and the lot itself is small and spaces are very tight. Other than parking, I highly recommend this hotel.
This was a great location and a short walk to see a concert at Key Arena. The rooms were nice and beds comfy. Spacious shower. The breakfast was very good, buffet with lots of options and made to order omelets. The only negative would be the hotel bar. Service was sub par. The bartender awkward and not attentive. Took 40 mins to get our food and we were the only ones who looked like we were eating. We were never checked on. Looked like a lot better places around the stadium to eat so stay at the hotel and avoid the bar/restaurant.
Service, food and staff are the worse! What more can I say!!!The front desk staff was completely worthless, had no knowledge of any questions I asked! No bar as advertised! Homeless people on the sidewalk of hotel. Felt like I was in the wrong neighborhood for sure. Don't stay there unless you want a dirty room and no service!
very nice pleasant stay... really enjoyed the hotel and the staff were friendly.. Room plenty of space and it was quiet outside.. Could not hear monorail.. great... Worth the price.... The breakfast is good as well. Great value ........ Front desk staff all very helpful. I would return to this hotel again for sure.Dear SusandY7842GY,Thank you for completing our a TripAdvisor Review regarding your recent stay at our hotel and i am happy to hear that our location and helpful staff helped make your stay great! Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be. I greatly appreciate your kind words and they will be celebrated with the entire team. If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly. We look forward to being of service to you in the near future. We thank you for your business! Sincerely, Jonathan
My teenage daughter had a dance across the EMP and this was literally across the street ! The view is amazing and the place was very chill and for a hotel chain, it felt like a local neighborhood place as everyone at the front desk were so friendly and helpful particularly a shout out to the shy and very sweet Matthew. They do have things you can borrow from weight scale to clothes steamer, but only a handful so it's usually checked out. Parking downstairs but they have a 24 hour shuttle that can take you around town.petitejetsetter,It was a pleasure accommodating you recently at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown and we sincerely appreciate the glowing review! I have shared your feedback with the team (highlighting Matthew) regarding your experience and will strive to make sure we are exceeding all of our guests expectations. Please let us know when you visit next as we look forward to having you as our guest!Sarah Junge
Every employer that I met at Hyatt was incredibly helpful and friendly, especially the the chef who made the omlettes in the morning (delicious, by the way), Mahdi, and the front desk people. I got put in here as part of corporate housing for an internship and was not sure what to expect but I couldn't have asked for a better experience.Dear 373jkim,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We are thrilled to hear that you created wonderful memories at our beautiful hotel. I will pass on your kind words to the staff, they will be bursting with excitement to know they made a difference. We are always trying to leave our guests with lasting memorable experiences. Please let us know when you plan on retuning to Seattle as we would love to you welcome you as our guest again!Sincerely, Sarah Junge
We stayed here five nights. Will stay again.The room was nice with a dinning area and small lounge with kitchen ( full size fridge, stove top, dish washer and pots and pans etc ) which helped as we bought so much food from the Pike Place Market. We have two queen beds with a sofa bed. Room was clean and bright, shower has high water pressure, beds were comfortable.The location is perfect to use the monorail. It is just less than 5 mins walk from the monorail station at Seattle centre. The hotel has a downtown shuttle within a one mile radius which include Pike Place Market but it is always very busy and require booking and often long wait.Breakfast was included it was pretty good for complimentary breakfast, with omelet station, fruit juice, pancake, fruits etc.The small things that make it not deserving of a perfect score was 1) the very poor wifi, 2) the breakfast was always busy with long queue and no seats 3) only two lifts for such a full capacity hotel hence long wait 4) staffs rarely ever smile and not very helpful - we asked for a shower cap and have had to call twice and went down to reception in person once before we finally get it and about one hour later. However we understand that it was because the hotel was very busy. The only staff who made us feel welcome and went out of his way to get a taxi for us was Wayne - thank you!
Hotel location is excellent. Free breakfast is good/great and generous. Staff were amazingly friendly and accommodating. Would stay here again in a heartbeat. We had a room facing the Space Needle, which was a great bonus (request it at check in, if you can). Getting the City Pass was a great bonus, as most of the attractions are literally across the street. Monorail station is in Seattle Center and connects to light rail, so you can go to and from the airport in about 30-45 minutes. Very easy.stevencI5388RF,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We are thrilled to hear that you created wonderful memories throughout Seattle and utilized the amenities within our beautiful new hotel. I will pass on your kind words to the staff, they will all be bursting with excitement knowing they made a difference. We are always trying to leave our guests with lasting memorable experiences. Please let us know when you plan on returning to Seattle as we would love to you welcome you as our guest again!Sarah Junge
The hotel is new and the rooms are very nice BUTthe waiting time for the elevator in the morning can be up to 20 minthe Que for breakfast is so long and you cant even get a seatno poolrooftop is closed in winterthe free shuttle bus... you need to wait from 30-45 min for 5 min drive and 15 min walkhouse keeping do very little - room was not cleaned as expected when you call the reception it takes 5-10 min to be answered
This is a long-term stay hotel, so our room came with a kitchenette and small living room with a sofa and coffee table. We only stayed there for three nights, so didn't make use of the extra space, but it was nice to have room to move around. The reception desk was helpful and friendly. Breakfast was great, but skip the omelet bar. The line was too long, and it took forever. There were plenty of other options available (cereal, fruit, pastries, potatoes, eggs, oatmeal...). The complimentary shuttle was great for sightseeing. We took it to Pike Place and downtown saved on taxis and uber. Housekeeping could be more attentive, but since our stay was brief and we're not slobs, it was fine. Can't beat the location - literally across the street from the Space Needle and Chihuly.mistybunny,Thank you for staying with us next to the Space Needle! We love our incredible location and are ecstatic that you felt the same way. As one of the newest members to the Hyatt family, we are more than appreciative of your feedback and am glad to see you enjoyed your stay. We pride ourselves on our guest satisfaction and hope to see you again soon in the near future.Sarah Junge
Great hotel neat and tidy Close to attractions Mono rail at door srep and space needle acroos road G react bfast although a little hectic Could do with more front office Starr as often on phone rather than answering customers at counter highlt recommend though
We stayed at the Hyatt House for five days at the end of June, a scant two weeks after the hotel opened. It is located on Fifth street and fronts Seattle Center.Room: The room was well designed. It is designed for longer stays and thus has some basic utensils, cook top and dishwasher. We didn't do any cooking but it was convenient to have a freezer compartment that actually worked. We availed ourselves of some ice cream from downstairs and kept the remainder in the freezer for the next night. The bed was very comfortable, better than most hotels. The shower was large. We saw some electronic controls on the wall that simply said My. It turned out that they were for the electric blind controls on the windows. It seemed to us that travelers shouldn't have to guess what controls in a room do. They should be labeled. This is a small complaint for a room that otherwise was well designed and quiet. We slept well here.Internet: I tested the up and download speeds and got 33 megs down and almost the same speed for upload. Very good internet function and was easy to logon.Housekeeping: We did not get any housekeeping one night and on another a harried housekeeper who was supposed to get off at 4 PM knocked on our door at 830 PM and asked if we needed service. They seem to be short of housekeepers and it struck us that they are asking the housekeepers to do too much. I suspect that they are not paid enough either. Morning Breakfast: The breakfast was quite good. We often stay at the Hampton Inn down the street and the food here was much better quality. You even get real scrambled eggs here versus egg food. The juices were good and cold. They have an innovative cooling table that all of the juices sit on and it worked well. The design of the eating area could be improved. Sadly, now that this hotel is open it will be unlikely that changes will be made. They store the plates overhead in the middle of the buffet line. It is an awkward place to have them and would be difficult to access for shorter customers. The buffet line area is too narrow. When people are on the omelet side they often bump into the people on the other side. This seems like an odd oversight. You would think architects for Hyatt would have this down by now. Overall though, the food was quite good and included in the price of the room.Hotel design: The main lobby area is quite pleasing to look at and use. There are ample chairs with modern design and were quite comfortable. The check in desk was ok but I often wonder why they make their staff stand all day. Hyatt could take a cue from Hilton hotels in this regard. The snack kiosk next to the check in desk was well stocked and we used it several times. The hotel elevators are inadequate. They only have two elevators. There often were lengthy waits, particularly on the weekend when the hotel was fully booked. This is another flaw that can't be remedied and it is a surprise again that the architect failed so badly on this item. There is only one elevator that goes to the parking garage, the one on the left, again a miss. The garage is oddly designed, probably because the hotel is on a triangularly shaped lot. Even though we had a compact car, the parking spaces are far too narrow making it difficult for parking and getting in and out of your vehicle. You also have to make a 90 degree turn to either enter or exit the garage, This is after you descend the steep entry. There are some large bolts protruding from the card reader mount at the bottom of the garage entrance. Since you have to make a sharp turn on leaving I can see that someone with a larger vehicle may run over one of these and puncture a tire. Fortunately for Seattle, it snows infrequently, but I could see where some blowing snow could drift down into the very steep parking garage entrance. Someone entering could then slide all the way to the bottom where they would hit the roll up door.Staff: The staff were pleasant and helpful. They looked fatigued and understaffed. I suspect this will improve as the bring more employees on board. We saw one manager who was on duty all day and was there at least until 10 PM when we walked through the lobby. He was there again the next morning when I left the hotel at 0800.Miscellaneous: They accept dogs here. There is a 75 charge per stay. This seems steep if you only stay for one night. We had no problems with our golden retriever and it was conveniently close to the Seattle Center for dog bathroom breaks. Pickup bags are available on the street. Summary: We would likely stay here again when we visit Seattle. I suspect the start up problems will be resolved soon. The morning breakfast was quite good but they need to resort things so that access is better. The rooms overall were great, well designed and comfortable. The staff are harried, hopefully they will have an adequate number of employees soon. The hotels in Seattle seem very highly priced. Our room was 254 and I see now that the rate has risen to 400 per night. Enjoy your stay in Seattle, this is a hotel you would be very comfortable staying at!Dear Thomas K,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your visit on TripAdvisor. We are thrilled to hear that you created wonderful memories throughout the city and in our beautiful new hotel. First and foremost I would like to apologize on behalf of the hotel and staff for the inconveniences you encountered during your recent visit. Please know this is extremely important and a large focus for me and my management team. These items are certainly and being addressed with each department as we speak. We are always trying to leave our guests with lasting memorable experiences. Please let us know when you plan on retuning to Seattle as we would love to you welcome you as our guest again!Sincerely, Sarah Junge
Great hotel. Amazing location! Right across from all the top sights museums. Quick walk to the market! The fridge in the room could be bigger but everything else was great. Nice, clean, new hotel. Free Breakfast Buffett was a great bonus!
I have to first say, I have been staying in just about every Hyatt in the U.S. But the staff at the Hyatt house is hands down the Best !!! I came in for business training. And on the 2nd day my car broke down, after the stress with AAA. Mind you, the hotel staff picked me up, even gave me a ride to pick up my car!! Look I have seen far and beyond going out of the way...but they gave me a peace of mind. And even took the price off the parking!! I mean they didn't have to, it was not their problem. But took the time to help a guest out... On top of that, you can't beat a better view to sleep with than a view of the space needle. Just want to say this is a great place a home from home why I keep coming back !!! Great job gals/guys and thank you! Dear KaylaNGerardW,Thank you for completing a TripAdvisor review regarding your recent stay at our hotel. Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be. I am glad to hear that you and your enjoyed our staff and felt like home to you! We greatly appreciate your 5 star review it will be celebrated with the hotel. Sorry about your car issues, but I am glad that we would help with that stress. If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly. We very much appreciate your business and hope to see you again hopefully soon! Sincerely,Jonathan
I've stayed at Hyatt house Seattle during the Spring break. My family really enjoy the stay there. I would strongly recommend people with kids to stay in this hotel because of the convenient location. It is right next to the Space needle, EMP museum and the Chihuly Garden Museum. Ride the Ducks of Seattle office is right across the street from the hotel, so, we were able to also join the tour conveniently right after our visit at the playground right next to the EMP. It is a very fun playground for kids. The breakfast is good at the hotel. So, next time you go to Seattle, Hyatt house should be one of your choice.osaka2010,Thank you for staying with us next to the Space Needle! We love our incredible location and are ecstatic that you felt the same way. As one of the newest members to the Hyatt family, we are more than appreciative of your feedback and am glad to see you enjoyed your stay. We pride ourselves on our guest satisfaction and hope to see you again soon in the near future.Sarah Junge
We spent a few nights in this hotel. It was clean and comfortable. Right across the street from the space needle and chihuly museum, both worth a visit. The monorail can take u toward Pikes place and some shopping. The pacific place mall and more. There was a parking lot charging 25 a night. There is a nice breakfast. There is a van shuttle that will take 1 mile distance from the hotel and very convenient even if you have a car. chana100,We are sincerely appreciative of your complimentary remarks on your experience at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown. I have shared your feedback with the team as we pride ourselves on the things we do right and how we can continually improve. Safe travels we hope to see you again while visiting the area!Sarah Junge
I really enjoyed the room and vibe at the Hyatt House in Seattle. It was a great hotel to chill out and get work done. We were able to work all day during a rainstorm and the room was comfortable and large enough for 2 people to never cross paths while working.My only complaint is that they checked me out early before my guest was ready and they woke him up and interrupted him 9 times between the time I left and he checked out. Upon calling the hotel, the staff was very apologetic and gave him a nice bottle of wine to compensate for the miscommunication.
The Hyatt Hotel in downtown Seattle is perfect in so many ways. First of all, it's location is literally across the street from the Space Needle, Chihuilly Gardens and the Science Museum. The hotel itself is so modern in design and the suites are so large and comfortable, containing a sitting area, a full kitchen, a bedroom and a full bath. Could easily stay here for a long stay. The staff is extremely customer oriented. The complimentary breakfast buffet, included an omelette bar, was delicious. This hotel was perfect!Dear 444diane,Thank you very much for taking the time out of your day to write a review about your stay with us. We appreciate all the feedback we get and use it to better our hotels operations. I am very happy to hear that you found our hotel terrific and the hotels location, design and breakfast options and set up. I will share with the staff your kind words as I know they will appreciate them. We know you have many choices of hotels to pick from here in Seattle so we thank you for choosing Hyatt House. We hope to host you again in the near future. We do appreciate your business! Sincerely,Jon
I have to first say, I have been staying in just about every Hyatt in the U.S. But the staff at the Hyatt house is hands down the Best !!! I came in for business training. And on the 2nd day my car broke down, after the stress with AAA. Mind you, the hotel staff picked me up, even gave me a ride to pick up my car!! Look I have seen far and beyond going out of the way...but they gave me a peace of mind. And even took the price off the parking!! I mean they didn't have to, it was not their problem. But took the time to help a guest out... On top of that, you can't beat a better view to sleep with than a view of the space needle. Just want to say this is a great place a home from home why I keep coming back !!! Great job gals/guys and thank you! Dear KaylaNGerardW,Thank you for completing a TripAdvisor review regarding your recent stay at our hotel. Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be. I am glad to hear that you and your enjoyed our staff and felt like home to you! We greatly appreciate your 5 star review it will be celebrated with the hotel. Sorry about your car issues, but I am glad that we would help with that stress. If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly. We very much appreciate your business and hope to see you again hopefully soon! Sincerely,Jonathan
Great, Great, GREAT HOTEL!!! Excellent location... steps from the Space Needle and MoPoP Museum. Free Shuttle to take you to Seattle Harbor area and Pike Place Market. Near many great restaurants and coffee shops. Good hot breakfast every morning. Staff was super friendly and room was very nice, clean. Lobby Bar with Daily Happy Hour (3 Drafts!) and Gas-heated Rooftop lounge was a nice, unexpected surprise! Not the cheapest hotel in Seattle but very central, close to everything and we saved with the free shuttle and Uber. Whole family gave it an A+!
The hotel was clean and new looking. Great location with hearty breakfast. Coffee served all day for free and shuttle service available for close by excursions. Rooftop views were great. Staff was knowledgeable and helpful. I would stay again. Right across the street from space needle was perfect. Dear heidbZ5966PW, Thank you for taking the time out of your day to write a Trip Advisor review of the Hyatt house Seattle. We are very happy hear we were a great surprise and that you enjoyed our location and roof top. I will pass on to the staff your kind words. We are happy that you would stay with us again. We appreciate your business,Warm Regards,Jonathan
Good breakfast. Responsive front desk. Comfortable rooms, especially the one bedroom. Excellent location. Lots of attractions and restaurants to go to, all within walking distance. Also within walking distance of businessessaves on taxi fare.robertacJ6657GM,We are sincerely appreciative of your complimentary remarks on your experience at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown. I have shared your feedback with the team as we pride ourselves on the things we do right and how we can continually improve. Safe travels we hope to see you again while visiting the area!Sarah Junge
As another reviewer wrote a Pro - Con list, I have a similar list. We had a suite with 2 queen beds and a pullout couch. Travelling were 2 adults, a 15 yr old and a 12 yr old.Pros:1. Very large rooms2. Free wifi service3. Free daily breakfast with very good selections and omelet station4. Slightly larger than bar fridge in the rooms with coffee maker, dishwasher, utensils, plates, pots, microwave.5. Across the street from McDonald's.6. 5 min walk from QFC Market7. Across the street from Space Needle, EMP museum8. Helpful and courteous staff9. Large flat screen TV with good selection of channels.10. Free shuttle to locations within 5 min of driving11. We got a good view of the Seafair Parade as it went by the hotel.12. 6-7 min walk to several casual restaurants Cons:1. Parking is expensive, 30 USD/day (after taxes)2. You only have access to the parking lot from one of two elevators. The elevator has an entrance and a control panel on each side. You need your room key to operate it but only one side of the elevator has a sensor. 3. If you don't want to take the elevator (because there is always a long wait in the morning with people checking out and wanting to eat the free breakfast) you can't take the stairs even if you're on the 2nd floor as it is used only as an emergency exit and goes outside and not to the lobby. Also the exit door is alarmed. 4. Housekeeping didn't come clean our room until after 5 everyday which was annoying when you just want to relax if you've been out for the day.5. They only give you 1 small bottle of shampoo and conditioner unless you request more.Dear oombellaThank you for taking the time out of your schedule to complete this review regarding your recent stay at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown. Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response by continuing to focus on making each and every guest experience the best it can be. We hope to be of service to you in the future.Sarah Junge
Overall, decent hotel to stay in. The kitchen didn't live up to expectations. The shuttle service was not very convenient. But it was close to a lot of attractions. We were able to see the Space Needle from our bedroom, and were within walking distance to many forms of transportation.Dear Danielle C, Thank you for completing a review on TripAdvisor regarding your recent stay at our hotel. Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be. I greatly appreciate your observations on the shuttle service and kitchen. We will work to improve these amenities to better suit our guests needs. I hope that you had a great Honeymoon and we hope to see you in the future!! If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly!Sincerely,Jonathan
While the hotel is clean and in an excellent location, you will NOT get a good night's sleep here if you have neighbors above you who need to fulfill their 10,000 daily steps in the middle of the night. Of the four nights we stayed here all four nights were full of different neighbors above us who for some reason need to walk back and forth around their room ALL NIGHT LONG, banging cabinets, doors, etc. Complaints to the house host were not helpful at all. We never got a decent night sleep here. Also, don't believe the shuttle stuff. We tried every day to get one, first being told just call 10 mins before you need one, then told you must come downstairs in person and wait, and oh by the way it would be a 40 min wait (when the shuttle only goes a 1 mile radius I do not understand). Never was able to get a shuttle the entire time we were there. The staff at the morning buffet were wonderful, friendly, but the hot food was not hot, the selection was small. And lastly, take the stairs. The elevator is S-L-O-W. We often waited more than 5 minutes. I would not stay here again, mostly because of the noise factor.Hello, Julie!Thank you for taking the time to share your experience with us. We are sorry to hear that you did not get a good nights sleep - that's the exact opposite of what we are shooting for! Noise complaints are relatively uncommon for us, and we will investigate a bit to see if anything can be done about the particular room you stayed in. I am sorry too to hear of your experience with the shuttle. I know it seems crazy, but with traffic sometimes a shuttle run for several passengers within a mile can take much longer than expected. It sounds like we could have done a much better job communicating with you though. We appreciate the feedback and will certainly use it as a training opportunity internally. Thank you again and we hope to have the chance to serve you again - with a good nights sleep!
Spent three nights at Hyatt house Seattle with family, hotel was perfect and staff were amazing. Modern decor, spacious rooms and perfect location. Walking distance to many sights, amenities and shopping. Will definitely be back!
Hotel Was Exemplary - apart from the food options The food really lets your hotel down - the choices variety were appalling - doughnuts for breakfast Burgers Pizzas for dinner - there needs to be more varietyGene P,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We value the feedback from our guests and are always striving to improve our guests stay. Please let us know when you return as wed love to welcome you back as our guest.Sarah Junge
We stayed at the Hyatt House because it was convenient to the EMP, as we were taking a vocal workshop. The room had greasy fingerprints all over the microwave, chairs around the bar were askew, and the shower was dirty with large spots of soap scum all over it. We called the front desk and they asked if they could clean it the next day! We said, no, we are checking out then and want to take a shower in the morning. They said they would send someone up. I pulled back the covers on the bed to make sure the sheets had been changed and there was a plastic wrapper and a dirty wash rag. Needless to say, we went downstairs and said, please put us in another room. The next room was not very clean either, but better than the first one.kimbrleedo,Feedback from our guests is very important to us and we appreciate the detailed concerns. We strive to exceed all of our guests expectations and know we still have some work to do. Please know this is extremely important to me and I'm working with my Executive Housekeeper to correct any issues. Please let us know if there is anything we further assist with - we look forward to another opportunity to serve you in the future.Sarah Junge
We stayed here Thursday, March 24, 2016, in a King View Room and would definitely stay again (and I look forward to the opportunity to do so). First, the location is great. We were there for a concert at Key Arena so it was wonderful getting out of a show at midnight knowing we only had to walk about a block back to our hotel.Our room was on the fifth floor (509) with a view of the Space Needle EMP. The kitchen had a center bar with two chairs a small sink dishwasher stovetop microwave and mini-fridge/freezer. In addition, it was stocked with all the basics (including pots, pans cutlery strainer grater dish soap paper towels and towel). There were also containers for recycling.The sectional in the separated living area was quite comfy, and the TV could be turned for viewing either there or from the bed area. Our bed was comfortable with ample pillows and a spare with another blanket in the closet (as well as an ironing board). The shower was large with a large shower head. In addition, there were ample outlets, places to set luggage etc., and a few non-standard wall hangings. We just stayed overnight, but I can see it being a perfect spot for longer stays.One thing we both commented on more than once was how quiet it was - whatever soundproofing efforts Hyatt made, they really paid off. If we didn't know we were in a busy hotel on a busy city street, we would've never guessed by the lack of external sounds. The only noise we heard was whatever we made ourselves. Throw in the light blocking shades they had it makes for a great night's sleep.There is self-parking there for 25/night (close to 30 after tax is added), but I thought that reasonable for a full afternoon to late morning parking across from the Seattle Center (mine started at 2:00 p.m. when I checked in as I was able to get an early check in and ended about 11 a.m. when we left - although check out is a nice comfortable noon).We didn't get chance to try the bar although it looked comfortable and the menu looked good so I'd like to the next time. The free breakfast set up is in the same area, but we also didn't take advantage of that. Here's a few minuses (and I consider them very minor and they definitely wouldn't keep us from staying again as the pluses way outweigh the nitpicking below):We noticed a fitness room as we walked to dinner, although we didn't have chance to use it. It did have glass windows out onto 5th Ave, however, which would be a bit too public for my style.There are only two elevators, and they can be a bit slow. When we went to check out, we checked both elevators on the 5th floor, but neither had garage access (of course, maybe we missed it in one, but we both commented it was weird and had waited for the 2nd one when we discovered the first didn't have it - only to be surprised the second didn't either - again, maybe we're idiots :). Anyway, we had to take one elevator to the lobby, get off, wait for the second, then get that one to the garage.Also, our keys worked everywhere, just not in the elevator the first few times (another woman riding with us had the same issue - we got lucky when others got it so we could get to our floor once they activated it). Anyway, I stopped to ask the front desk, and the trick is to hold it not swipe it. After that we didn't have any problems.That's one of the minuses, though, I thought the front desk staff, although very friendly and professional, could've given just a bit more thorough information at check in (like check in/out times how to use the card in the elevator how to manage the luggage carts where amenities were, etc.). The loading zone out front was full when I went by the first time, so I had to circle the block a couple times (which can be tricky in that area - especially since you're not supposed to take a right at Fifth Denny which would make it truly annoying if you didn't decide you didn't see that no-right sign - just sayin'). The luggage carts were there in the entry on 5th Ave but none were in the parking area. I thought about unloading having them hold my cart/luggage till I was parked, but I didn't see a ramp down to the loading zone on 5th (maybe there is one but I just didn't catch it). So, I just made two trips carrying stuff rather than one to go up get the cart, bring it down, take it up bring it back down. It would be nice if there was a better setup than that. My other hotel bug-a-boos, and this isn't just here but other places I've recently been, there's only one caffeinated coffee package in the room (and two de-caffeinated). I know I could go down to the breakfast area for coffee, but we slept late. Thank goodness my spouse doesn't drink coffee. The other bug-a-boo is low-flow shower heads. I know, I know, it's the good thing to do, but it's so disappointing to have a salad plate sized shower head only to find it lacks shower power. The bottom line is that hotels in downtown Seattle aren't cheap, and we found this Hyatt to be a great value for the money spent. Overall, we had a great time that night and in no small way the Hyatt contributed to our enjoyable evening. We will definitely stay again.KimBB418,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We are thrilled to hear that you created wonderful memories throughout Seattle and utilized the amenities within our beautiful new hotel. I will pass on your kind words to the staff, they will all be bursting with excitement knowing they made a difference. We are always trying to leave our guests with lasting memorable experiences. Please let us know when you plan on returning to Seattle as we would love to you welcome you as our guest again!Sarah Junge
The hotel is only 1 1/2 years old. Modern rooms with kitchen and living room. The one we had looked at the space needle which was across the road. The staff were excellent. A free breakfast buffet with a large selection. Only thing that were negative was there was no pool and you could hear the people upstairs. However when we complained about the noise the staff did something about it. Would go back for sure.
Right next to Seattle Center and the rooms were great. The gym was small. Enough for small weight and cadio. But no heavy weights. Elevators were slow since there were only two. Great breakfast for free.
This hotel was wonderful. The staff was excellent and even though we had a car, we never used it due to the location in the downtown area and the shuttle that took us to the other places we wanted to go. We would definitely stay here again and recommend it to our friends.Robert S,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We value the feedback from our guests and are always striving to improve our guests stay. Please let us know when you return as wed love to welcome you back as our guest.Sarah Junge
The location next to the Space needle, the vibrant colors in the interior, the complimentary breakfast, a full equipped kitchenette and above all the courteous staff- what could one ask for more. Brilliant in all aspects.Raj Shankar G,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We value the feedback from our guests and are always striving to improve our guests stay. Please let us know when you return as wed love to welcome you back as our guest.Sarah Junge
Great place to stay! Staff is always asking you if they can help you every time you cross the lobby, asking where you went today,etc. less than 100 yards from the space needle and Chihuly garden and Glass and 200 yards from the Monorail, what more could you ask for! Only a few years old, rooms are very nice. They have a great free breakfast, better than a restaurant!Dear mccleskd,Thank you for completing a TripAdvisor review regarding your recent stay at our hotel. I am very happy to hear you describe hotel as the Best place to stay and that you enjoyed the location next to Space Needle also that the staff was helpful! We greatly appreciate your 5 star review it will be celebrated with the hotel. If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly. We very much appreciate your business and hope to see you again soon! Sincerely,Jon
I asked for my parking spot as a guest and they respond they were full and send me across the street to park my car to Komo plaza and pay 60 usd by my own for 2 nights. At least I was expected any courtesy or a refund of 60 usd from the hotel.Too bad.
It's a nice hotel, but could use some work. Staff is clearly overworked and they seem short handed. Only 2-elevators and one was not working one day I was there. Only one goes to the parking garage. One day Breakfast was basically out of food by 8:30am, and it goes until 9:30. 45-min wait for a 1-egg omelet at the omelet bar. Rooms are very clean, showers are weak, but a nice size. Bed was good, towels were good. Nice to have a full kitchen even if I did not use it. TV selection is limited, less than most hotels. Rooms were very quiet, could not hear the street noise too much. Ask in advance if you want a view other than a Tram and Mc.Donalds. The Space Needle is on the other side. Overall if you can get a good rate, it's worth booking. No Room Service at this location.
Our check in and check it service was awesome--staff very friendly and personable. Room was impeccable, great location. Utilized the free shuttle. Overall a wonderful time and look forward to returning as well as recommending to others headed to Seattle.Dear glenr376,Thank you for completing a TripAdvisor review regarding your recent stay at our hotel. Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be. I am glad to hear that you and your enjoyed our impeccable rooms and great location! We greatly appreciate your 5 star review it will be celebrated with the hotel. If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly. We very much appreciate your business and hope to see you again soon! Thank you for Recommeding us to others as well! Sincerely,Jon
Awesome location, walking distance to great restaurants including Space Needle restaurant, spacious rooms with kitchen, hard working staff, shuttle to rail to take to the airport. When I come back to Seattle I will stay at Hyatt House again. Hyatt brand speaks for it self. D
What a great place to bring in the New Year! The staff was very helpful and friendly at explaining all the amenities, parking, attractions in the area. The manager even sent detailed email explaining the parking situation since it was New Year's Eve and they are located right across the street from the Space Needle. The staff was so wonderful paying careful attention to all their guests. We are already planning our next stay.
When we told the front desk about the lack of hot water they said they'd known and were working on it. We didn't have much hot water in our two days. No cell reception in center rooms. No natural light - if we opened our shades we were looking directly into our neighbors' bedroom. It's really too bad as the staff is friendly and the rooms are spacious. You can't beat the location. They offer complimentary shuttle service within a mile, which is helpful, and a cooked breakfast but the eggs are disgusting.
The best place I've stayed while travelling abroad. The staff are friendly and approachable. The room was amazing! They have a great continental breakfast that's so much more than just a few muffins. And the location is ideal. You're out of the downtown core but the monorail is right there. The Space Needle is right across the street and lots of good restaurants just around the corner. We got in really early and they checked our bags so we could explore while they got our room ready and we did the same thing leaving as we had a late train departure and they were happy to keep our bags while we spent the afternoon out and about. I have nothing but good things to say about Hyatt House.
I visited with my husband and 16 yr old daughter and best friend and her family. We each got suites with a view before an Alaska cruise. The rooms are clean, large and well decorated-exceeded all expectations. The breakfast is good. Not fantastic but a nice way to start the day. The super bar is friendly and reasonable-we did not try the food. The location is excellent-Seattle is such a good walking city (this was our first time)- its walking distance from most places and still in a pretty quiet spot. Our room had a view of the Space Needle. What makes this hotel exceptional is the staff. The people were simply fantastic-truly customer focused and just plain kind. We had booked the rooms nine months in advance at a 40 discount from the current rate . We were meeting other friends (mom and two teens) that had booked air bnb. By 11 pm they still had not been able to reach their host and were threatening sleeping in their car. Because we had a suite that sleeps six, I asked them to stay in our room. I went to the front desk to explain the situation, ask for bedding -credit card in hand. They were wonderful. They saw how desperate we were, chuckled and smiled and asked what kind of bedding we needed and waved away my card (hope I am not getting anyone in trouble). The bedding was there in 10 min. Ive never experienced such warm hospitality and I am truly grateful. Thanks for a memorable and wonderful visit!
Located right across the street from the Space Needle it's a great choice to stay in Seattle. Downtown is just a couple of minutes driving or 15 minutes walking.Our room had a small kitchen but the only bad thing is that aparently you need to bring your own pillows if you want to rest properly because the ones they have are terrible.
Great location to stay pre-cruise if you want to visit Seattle. It is directly across the street from the Space Needle, Science Museum, EMP, and an easy walk to Pikes Market, as well as parks along the water for running or walking (to get some exercise we actually walked to Pier 91 which was our cruise terminal). We had a spacious 1 Bedroom Unit (with bedroom door that closes versus the smaller suite that just has a dividing wall and is a bit cramped) w/pullout couch, 2 queens, large well lit bathroom, full kitchen with stove, full size fridge, and microwave. The large unit also has a full living room and a kitchen table that doubles as a desk with plenty of outlets. The beds were comfortable and the suite had 3 TVs (bedroom, living room, kitchen). The small suite (which we did not have but my sister did) has a much smaller kitchen with mini fridge in the kitchen table and only 1 TV that swivels between the bedroom and living room. The beds were comfortable. Good security in that you need your room key to access any of the floors with rooms. A breakfast buffet is included with a pretty good selection. My favorite part was the Omelette station. As soon as you enter the breakfast area, fill out the order sheet indicating what you want on your omelette, and the cook will make it up exactly as ordered. I had this two days in a row and they were delicious. The omelettes are a bit small, but really the perfect size. They also had a great selection of name brand cereal and fresh fruit (among other items). The hotel also arranged car service for us (it is with Ace Transportation...which is not the same as the one online). It was 70 plus tip. The service call you when the plane lands and tell you to call them when you get your luggage. We then waited about 15 minutes for the driver to pick us up. I'm not sure what the taxi's are like, but that option may be easier without the wait. We arranged for the car service in advance since we had 5 people and 5 suitcases...and it was nice having a large clean SUV. The hotel also arranged for us to have Ace shuttle us to Pier 91 for 8 per person. We thought this would be the same type of service but it wasn't. This was an actual shuttle van that we shared with another family. When we checked out at 12:00 we were expecting it to be there waiting for us (due to our prior arrangement) but the front desk had to call and check on it. We probably waited about 15 minutes for them to show up...but the pier is close (2-3 miles) so not a big deal. Due to all the intersections it took about 15-20 minutes to get there. The Hyatt also has a free shuttle within a mile (to and from) of the hotel. They will come when you request it - be sure to tip if you use that service.Other nice items: all staff were very friendly, Walgreens is close-by for snacks and sodas and any forgotten items, monorail is close by, coin operated washer / dryer, free wifi, neighborhood has lots of small restaurants around.Minor items that would be nice if they had (but they don't): More hooks in the bathroom to hang towels in so that you can more easily reuse them, a makeup mirror, a safe for locking up laptops, ipads, etc. (if you need a safe you have to go to the front desk).Dear Brenda S,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We are thrilled to hear that you created wonderful memories and made the most of our amenities in our beautiful hotel and city. I will pass on your kind words to the staff, they will be so happy to know they made a difference. We are always trying to leave our guests with lasting memorable experiences. Please let us know when you plan on retuning to Seattle as we would love to you welcome you as our guest again!Sincerely, Sarah Junge
Yes, I would stay here again. The property is squeaky clean, the staff is friendly, the breakfast buffet rocks and we found the hotel to be close to some of the best attractions in Seattle. We even walked to one of the best speak easy bars in Seattle (Bathtub Gin)!
This hotel was great to come home to at the end of each day of my vacation. Great location, Great breakfast, Fantastic customer service, wonderful room with good views (Room 711) and a wonderfully efficient complimentary shuttle service. Totally worth the money and a great multi-day stay. The room was also very quiet.cemetriah2016,We are thrilled to hear the Hyatt House met your needs and appreciate the positive feedback. Im glad you were able to take advantage of our complimentary shuttle and the incredible location next to the space needle. Its wonderful to know when guests have a comfortable stay as we are grateful of the comments. We look forward to your next visit in Seattle!Sarah Junge
What a disappointing stay- fell far below expectations, which weren't so high to begin with. The only thing this hotel has going for it is the excellent location. Otherwise, I found the front desk to be mostly unprofessional (with a few exceptions) and a little too casual.The room was comfortable and generally fine, in terms of condition, apart from the surprising lack of a safe! Having to store valuables with the reception felt inconvenient and outdated. The room was also a bit noisy due to a parking garage across the street that sounded a small siren noise every time a vehicle exited. Surely the hotel can negotiate this to be removed or install better noise insulation on that side of the buildingBut my biggest beef was the breakfast, which was simply mediocre at best and unreliable from one day to the next. Two of the three mornings, there was no fresh fruit to be had... and there was generally no healthy food to be found. The overall quality of the food reminded me of a school cafeteria and was very limited in choice.
I used to live very close by in the area and never really noticed this hotel but stayed there recently for a wedding. It's a fantastic hotel, clean, within walking distance of some cool stuff and street parking ended up being very convenient.
This is the idea location, across the street from the space needle. Large, very clean rooms with large bathroom. Amazing breakfast buffet and bar. Lots of other eating options nearby although you will have to find them on your own. Free hotel shuttle will take you downtown.
It is close to the major attraction Seattle has to offer. If you enjoy walking the public market and the first Starbucks is close enough for a walk as well. The hotel is green and it very much reflects that the institution is responsible in terms of doing its part to protect our environment. My family and I enjoyed our stay and hope that we had more days in Seattle than we did..
Room 428.10Taxes and Parking 99.04We are Hyatt members, so we earn points, etc., when staying here or any Hyatt related property. We booked online, which was easy and received reminders about our stay.The hotel is across the street from the Space Needle and grounds. We went to a concert at Key Area, which is about 4 blocks walking. Lots to do just outside the hotel door.Parking can be tricky, especially if you have more than 1 car per room, which is the allotment in the garage. It is a safe and secure garage.Breakfast was good buffet style. Drinks, Happy Hour, snacks were good 4 Chicken Quasedea slices, 3 Pork Sliders were good with 2 Lemon Drops and 2 Espresso Martini's 70.The room was comfortable with a great view of the Space Needle and grounds. Big TV, slightly smallish bathroom if two people are trying to get ready at the same time and a big comfortable bed.No valet (park in front to register and get your parking pass to the garage) and no help to your room with the bags (get the cart in the lobby). People were however, friendly, helpful and quick to answer questions or be of assistance in some manner.Dear akittynamedtabitha,Thank you very much for reviewing our hotel! I am so happy to hear that you had fun in Seattle and enjoyed our location! Our room prices do fluctuate from day to day and are often much lower than the price you paid. We actually currently have a promotion going that give 10 off if you book directly with Hyatt. I hope that you and your family enjoyed the concert. Your stay with us is exactly when we try to accomplish. We very much appreciate your business and we hope we get a chance to host you again soon. Warm Regards,Jonathan
This hotel made our journey in Seattle extremely pleasant. The staff was extremely nice and helpful, the breakfast was amazing, the rooms extremely comfortable, had the best sleep in a long time. The location is perfect as the hotel is located in a beautiful setting near the Space Needle and public transportation. You can also walk everywhere to the main attractions if you wish. It was great fun!Dear Marchisioe,Thank you for completing a TripAdvisor review regarding your recent stay at our hotel. Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be. I am glad to hear that you found our location to be great and our hotel to be a great value! I greatly appreciate your 5 star review it will be celebrated with the hotel. If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly. We appreciate your business! Sincerely,Jonathan
Overall, decent hotel to stay in. The kitchen didn't live up to expectations. The shuttle service was not very convenient. But it was close to a lot of attractions. We were able to see the Space Needle from our bedroom, and were within walking distance to many forms of transportation.Dear Danielle C, Thank you for completing a review on TripAdvisor regarding your recent stay at our hotel. Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be. I greatly appreciate your observations on the shuttle service and kitchen. We will work to improve these amenities to better suit our guests needs. I hope that you had a great Honeymoon and we hope to see you in the future!! If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly!Sincerely,Jonathan
This hotel is right across the street from the space needle and right near the monoreal. Very convenient. Close to restaurants and bars that u can walk to. Rooms are nice. Clean. Took a while to get into our room. Almost 430., but they held our luggage. Bar was good at happy hour for prices, otherwise drinks were expensive. The cost of the room was extremely high and not worth it in my opinion but i guess u pay for summer and cruise season and the space needle area.Bar did not have the night food they advertised. Could not get any munchies.Breakfast was nice and had a nice selection.
Truly enjoyed our overnight stay. We really enjoyed the breakfast buffet, lots of variety and exceptionally good. Our room was clean and spacious. We stayed in a King room with a sofa. It's so nice to have a place to sit relax. Another nice touch is the wine opener provided by the hotel.
This is a hotel where you can't improve much. The location is great directly at the space needle. You're in downtown in a few minutes if you take the monorail.The rooms are modern and clean and have some nice gimmicks like electrical blind controls. The free wifi supports up to 5 devices and is quite fast. King beds are comfy.The Hotel seems to be very new and I hope it stays the way it is.Dear Carsten F,It was a pleasure accommodating you recently at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown and we sincerely appreciate the glowing review! I have shared your feedback with the team regarding your experience and will strive to make sure we are exceeding all of our guests expectations. Please let us know when you visit next as we look forward to having you as our guest!Sarah Junge
This was our family's first trip to Seattle. We couldn't have chosen a better location. We were in the shade of the space needle. The hotel was clean and the rooms were spacious and the breakfast buffet was fantastic. The front desk is small but they are very courteous and welcoming. I recommend this hotel for all.Yvonne T,We are sincerely appreciative of your complimentary remarks on your experience at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown. I have shared your feedback with the team as we pride ourselves on the things we do right and how we can continually improve. Safe travels we hope to see you again while visiting the area!Sarah Junge
Great location to many attractions. Staff super friendly even when arriving late. With kids, mcd's across the road for quick meal. Complimentary breakfast incredible as fresh omelet, scrambled eggs, bacon, pancakes to name a few. Busy but great value as got you ready for the day. We had family of 4 with kids 10 6. Got double queen room with sofa bed no complaints. Kitchen if needed lots of space. Highly recommend.
Great location near everything we wanted to do with clean rooms and great service! The breakfast and omlet bar was delicious. They also offer free rides to and from the hotel within one mile. I will stay again! Dear 814isaiahc,Thank you for completing a TripAdvisor review regarding your recent stay at our hotel. Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be. I am very happy to hear that you enjoyed the great location, service and delicious omelet! We greatly appreciate your 5 star review it will be celebrated with the hotel. If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly. We very much appreciate your business and hope to see you again soon! Warm Regards,Jonathan
Literally across the street from 5 main attractions, including the Space Needle. Monorail and food court across the street too. Perfect location if you don't have a car. Hotel also offers shuttle to piers and Pike Place. Breakfast included was fabulous and included custom made omelets. Rooms were clean, big, and comfortable with full kitchen. Lounge and roof top provided great places to hang out.
The hotel is nice and the rooms are really nice as well. Staff wasn't as friendly as you'd expect. The elevators weren't working at the time of our stay which was a huge inconvenience. It would be a great hotel of they made some changes.Dear 131gabrielu,Thank you very much for taking the time to review our hotel on Trip Advisor. We appreciate all the feedback we get as it helps us improve our hotels operations. I am sorry that the elevators were down while you were staying with us, I understand that that would be a huge inconvenience. I hope the next time you do visit Seattle you give us another chance as we would love to be given the opportunity to try again. I assure you our elevators will up working fine and you will have a great experience with us!Best Regards,Jonathan
Good breakfast. Responsive front desk. Comfortable rooms, especially the one bedroom. Excellent location. Lots of attractions and restaurants to go to, all within walking distance. Also within walking distance of businessessaves on taxi fare.robertacJ6657GM,We are sincerely appreciative of your complimentary remarks on your experience at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown. I have shared your feedback with the team as we pride ourselves on the things we do right and how we can continually improve. Safe travels we hope to see you again while visiting the area!Sarah Junge
Very nice hotel in a very good area. Space Needle is right across the street. Not to many restaurants around, but the hotel has a shuttle that can take you to one on a 1 mile radius. Breakfast was OK and the staff was nice. I will be back here for my future trips to Seattle.Nicusor C,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We value the feedback from our guests and are always striving to improve our guests stay. Please let us know when you return as wed love to welcome you back as our guest.Sarah Junge
My first time at the Hyatt house and amazing little hotel within easy reach of SLU, from check-in to check-out the staff were fantastic across house keeping, breakfast and evening bar staff. On the day of check-out the protests were causing havoc with uber/Lyft and the hotels town car was busy so hotel quickly arranged for another service to come and pick me up so I did not miss my transatlantic flight. I'll definitely stay here again when next back in Seattle. Dear gareth99,Thank you for completing our a TripAdvisor Review regarding your recent stay at our hotel and i am happy to hear we are a home away from home! Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be. I greatly appreciate your kind words and they will be celebrated with the entire team. If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly. We look forward to being of service to you in the near future. We thank you for your business! Best regards, Jonathan
The hotel was kept very clean. Staff was very helpful, I was able to leave my luggage in their storage even after I checked out to do some more sightseeing before my flight. The buffet breakfast was great, they had something slightly different each day with plenty of choices. The only downside is it's a little pricey.Thanks so much for the great review, Carliss! It was our pleasure to have you here and hope we can have the privilege again sometime. Safe adventures to you, wherever you may travel!
If you're not driving, this hotel is fine. Great location, etc. If you've brought your own car, it's a total disaster. The slots re too small for even a compact car. The angles of the spaces in the parking lot seem to make it impossible for anyone to park within the lines. It's total S**t show. BTW -- be casual. The room design does not accommodate hangers for suits or jackets.jrSoCal,Thank you for staying with us at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown and for taking the time to leave feedback. I apologize about the issues with your stay and have made note of the areas for improvement with our team. We value you as a guest and would love to welcome the opportunity to stay with us again.Sarah Junge
This is one of the nicest hotels we've stayed in. We arrived the day before our cruise, and check-in went very smoothly. We shared a room with our daughter and son-in-law, a very spacious room with two queen beds in a separate room, plus a comfortable to sleep on sofa. It had a little kitchenette with a fridge and microwave. Although we didn't use that feature, it would be handy to have if we'd have been staying longer than overnight. The hotel has great technology, lighting controlled with your room card as soon as you enter the room, a great TV in both rooms, and a very nice kitchen island to sit at and eat our awesome cheesecake we got to bring back for a snack. The front desk obtained great transportation for us to the pier the next morning, at a very nominal cost of 10/pp. This hotel is located within walking distance of places to visit, the Space Needle (right across the street!), the Chihuly Museum and garden, and many places to eat close by. Free breakfast was included in our stay the food was varied, plentiful, and excellent quality. We also booked a room for the following Friday when we arrived back in Seattle from our cruise, and stayed that night to go sightseeing during the day. Same great lodging, although a smaller room since it was just for two, and arranged transport again to the airport. We were too early to check in on that day, so they stored our luggage for us, and then texted us when our rooms were ready. We would definitely stay here again!
We stayed here only one night, but I have no complaints. Great location. Hotel was clean, breakfast was amazing, and staff was very friendly. Nice views of the city. Would definitely recommend this hotel.Dear Guest, Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel! I am very happy to hear the you had a great stay and thought the hotel staff was very friendly and hotel clean. Any time we get a 5 star review we celebrate it here at the hotel. This is what we strive for.We hope to see you next time you are in Seattle and thank you for the recommendation! Sincerely,Jonathan
We really liked everything about the hotel. The rooms were ver clean, layout was well thought out. We really appreciated the big bathroom and shower. The kitchenette also came in handy as we have a young boy. Breakfast was also very good. Staff was welcoming, awake, and attentive. On top of all this the hotel also provided shuttle service! We will definitely choose this hotel next time we need to stay over night in downtown Seattle.Dear Joakimw758,Thank you for completing a TripAdvisor review regarding your recent stay at our hotel. Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be. I am glad to hear that you and your enjoyed all the options we offer for each room and our complementry shuttle and our complimentry breakfast! We greatly appreciate your 5 star review it will be celebrated and passed along to the hotels staff. If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly. We very much appreciate your business (we know you have options)and hope to see you again soon! Sincerely,Jonathan
Very convenient to all the things you will want to see and do in downtown seattle. We loved our suite when we stayed for a week to visit family and attend a wedding.Great accommodations with a full kitchenet, sitting room and modern bath a luxurious walk in shower and vanity. Excellent bedding. Convenient to the monorail and across the street from the space needle
Wonderful stay, very clean hotel with wonderful staff and the best location and view in Seattle. Convenient to downtown, the monorail station is right in front of the hotel. Great breakfast included as well an added bonus!
You can't get any closer to the Space Needle in terms of accommodation it's right across the street! Fantastic view of the Space Needle from the hotel's rooftop deck, especially at night. Front desk staff were very friendly and eager to please. Free hotel shuttle anywhere within one mile of the hotel was helpful for getting to and from the waterfront and Pike Place market. Hotel decor was too cold and masculine for what I would expect from a Hyatt. Only two elevators made for a long wait to get down to the lobby in the mornings. Breakfast in the lobby bar was pretty good. Only had one delicious made-to-order omelette though because the wait was so long I gave up. No signage when you arrive telling you where to park your car while you check in. But a good experience overall, and with the prime location, I would stay there again.BeachLounger2008,We are thrilled to hear the Hyatt House met your needs and appreciate the positive feedback. Im glad you were able to take advantage of the ready-to-order omelet, complimentary breakfast spread in the morning and rooftop terrace in the evening. Its wonderful to know when guests have a comfortable stay as we are grateful of the comments. We look forward to your next visit in Seattle!Sarah Junge
Just across the road from the Space Needle and the monorail.About 1 hour from the airport using city tansit and monorail.Clean comfortable room.Very nice breakfast included in the price.Walkable to downtown or jump on the monorail. Then a few minutes walk to the waterfront and Pike Market.An ideal tourist hotel.Dear John C,Thank you for taking the time to review the Hyatt house hotel Seattle on Trip Advisor. We appreciate all the feedback we can get. I am happy to hear that you enjoyed our hotel and its amazing location around from the Space Needle and Monorail! We hope the next time you are in Seattle you choose us again! Sincerely, Jonathan
Great hotel neat and tidy Close to attractions Mono rail at door srep and space needle acroos road G react bfast although a little hectic Could do with more front office Starr as often on phone rather than answering customers at counter highlt recommend though
Things that were great about my stay here: -Friendly helpful staff. Even tracked down a kitchen tool I needed and delivered to my door. - Anytime shuttle from hotel to Public Market/ Pike's place. Free, fast, courteous, and supports local business -Super clean, new, and sparkly rooms -Microwave and mini frig. in room along with sofa.Monique S,We are thrilled to hear the Hyatt House met your needs and appreciate the positive feedback. Im glad you were able to take advantage of the kitchen facilities in the room and the complimentary shuttle. Its wonderful to know when guests have a comfortable stay as we are grateful of the comments. We look forward to your next visit in Seattle!Sarah Junge
My husband and I stayed at Hyatt House Seattle over a 4 day get away. We were very pleased with the caliber of service provided to us upon checking in by Ms. Romu, who was courteous and affable. She set the standard for high expectations which did not disappoint. The friendly and caring attitude of the staff was prevalent throughout our entire stay at Hyatt House Seattle. Brandon, Caylynn and Spring, House Host, were very approachable and ensured transportation was always secured for us in a timely manner, as well as answering our myriad questions. B.J., provided shuttle service to and from restaurants and other sites( within one mile of hotel) with a positive, outgoing disposition. He was so friendly and likable. Ms., Betulia and Rajan, dietary staff, always greeted us with a smile and a good morning. Ms. Betulia took the extra minute to explain the different breakfast offerings on our 1st morning at the hotel. Much appreciated. Rajan cooked the best omelets. On our last day, Esther, housekeeping, knocked on our door to ask if we needed any additional towels, soap, shampoo or lotions. Thank you Esther for your thoughtfulness. Hyatt Hotel Seattle is a true gem. Family friendly, business friendly and just a wonderful place away from home. The rooms are tastefully furnished,the beds and pillows are super comfortable, the rooms are spacious.I take the time to mention the exceptional staff because these people are frontline employees who can make or break a hotel. If we encounter rude staff during a hotel stay, you can be sure we will never return to the hotel property. There are too many accommodation choices available to us. Other positive highlights of Hyatt House Seattle are its proximity to the SpaceNeedle Chuhily Gardens, EMP museum, Bill Gates Center among others. Also very close to the monorail if one chooses to ride into downtown. Let me not forget to mention that hotel guests can avail themselves of the wonderful shuttle service offered by Hyatt House Seattle. So convenient to have this transportation service. Last but not least, THE HOT COFFE AND TEA available throughout the day!!! So delightful! After a long day of sight seeing and or shopping, it is a welcomed treat and respite. To sit and enjoy a nice hot cup of tea or coffee is so refreshing. This hotel has only two elevators, but honestly, we never waited more than 1-3 minutes for an elevator. No inconvenience at all!Stay at Hyatt House Seattle. You won't be disappointed. They aim to please.Thank you Hyatt House Seattle and wonderful staff. Will definitely stay here again.Dear Cahier12,Thank you for completing a review on TripAdvisor and for bestowing 5 Stars on us based on your recent stay at our hotel. Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be. I greatly appreciate your kind words and they will be celebrated with the entire team. This is what we strive to accomplish for our guests. If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly. We look forward to being of service to you in the near future and are glad to hear you will be back again!! Most Sincerely,Jon
Really helpful, fun and friendly front office staff. My room was perfect - lovely view of the needle and Seattle Centre. Studio option was a brilliant choice. Lots of space, very comfy bed, good amenities. Close to QFC to grab goodies. Hotel shuttle will take you places within a one mile radius. Wifi connection strong and free. Buffet breakfast adequate although not fancy, but pastries were delicious! Access to snacks (to buy) and a bar in the evening. Would stay here again. Ride the Ducks is very close and a must do!!! Heaps of fun )TracyDan102013,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We are thrilled to hear that you created wonderful memories throughout Seattle and utilized the amenities within our beautiful new hotel. I will pass on your kind words to the staff, they will all be bursting with excitement knowing they made a difference. We are always trying to leave our guests with lasting memorable experiences. Please let us know when you plan on returning to Seattle as we would love to you welcome you as our guest again!Sarah Junge
Very modern and inviting hotel. Literally in the shadows of the Space Needle and other museums. Rooms very well decorated and appointed. Rooftop viewing area really nice with seating areas around fire pits and heaters.JSE90,Thank you for taking the time to submit such pleasant comments about us at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown. We are so ecstatic to hear you enjoyed our rooftop terrace, and unbeatable location next to the Seattle Center. We look forward to hosting you in the future until then, happy travels!Sarah Junge
Staff was friendly, hotel was clean, breakfast was great. We were able to check in early since our room was ready and our bags were held after checkout which enabled us to site see some more. I highly recommend Hyatt.Dear Michaeld04051WC,Thank you for your 5 star review and thank you for the kind words. This is what our goal is here at the Hyatt house Seattle. I am very glad that you would highly recommend us and we hope you visit us again soon. Please feel to reach out to me personally if I can help your next visit be as great as your last! Thank you for your business!Most Sincerely, Jonathan
A standard not fancy hotel that provides a little privacy and extra space at a good rate if you want an affordable suite. Decent pretty big breakfast buffet (could someone figure out that 15 of us don't digest dairy and really like having something like soy or almond milk). little pool only good for kids. Nice big lobby and lounge areas.Jesse L,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We value the feedback from our guests and are always striving to improve our guests stay. Please let us know when you return as wed love to welcome you back as our guest.Sarah Junge
Had a pleasant stay with a great view. Conveniently walking distance to Space Needle, MoPOP, Chihuly Garden and Glass, Pacific Science Center and theres so much eateries around! They have good breakfast selection, and an omelette bar. Restaurant staff were very friendly and helpful. Coffee is available all the time. They also have a little convenience store.
Great hotel. Amazing location! Right across from all the top sights museums. Quick walk to the market! The fridge in the room could be bigger but everything else was great. Nice, clean, new hotel. Free Breakfast Buffett was a great bonus!
Service, food and staff are the worse! What more can I say!!!The front desk staff was completely worthless, had no knowledge of any questions I asked! No bar as advertised! Homeless people on the sidewalk of hotel. Felt like I was in the wrong neighborhood for sure. Don't stay there unless you want a dirty room and no service!
Had a pleasant stay with a great view. Conveniently walking distance to Space Needle, MoPOP, Chihuly Garden and Glass, Pacific Science Center and theres so much eateries around! They have good breakfast selection, and an omelette bar. Restaurant staff were very friendly and helpful. Coffee is available all the time. They also have a little convenience store.
This is a nice hotel. It's clean, comfortable and has friendly and helpful staff. It's a great location next to the monorail and Space Needle as well as walking distance to other attractions. Full breakfast, with cooked to order omelets was an added touch and benefit to our stay.
Pillows were perfect....but the room was stark and dull and not cozy, but it was VERY clean! Expensive but close to the Space Needle and museums, and very close to monorail and Ride the Ducks (which was so much fun!) - so you'll save money on transportation.The staff was very helpful.Breakfast buffet was Okay but the same everyday.Check out the rooftop terrace - wonderful views!ArloFamily,We are thrilled to hear the Hyatt House met your needs and appreciate the positive feedback. Im glad you were able to take advantage of our perfect location next to the Seattle Center and the complimentary breakfast spread in the morning. Its wonderful to know when guests have a comfortable stay as we are grateful of the comments. We look forward to your next visit in Seattle!Sarah Junge
The hotel staff was so friendly and professional. The rooms we're spacious and clean. The beds were even comfortable to sleep on. The breakfast was well above your average hotel free breakfast. I was extremely happy with our stay. The cost was much above what we normally pay for a hotel room but with the customer service and location I couldn't complain about it. There is a free shuttle service that will take you basically to the front steps of pikes market which was great for us and you're literally across the street from the space needle. If I get the chance to stay in Seattle again this is the hotel I will stay in. Dear Julie O,I want to thank you very much for taking the time to write a review of our hotel and your stay here at the Hyatt house Seattle. We very much appreciate all the feedback we get. I am very happy to hear that you felt our hotel and your stay was worthy of 5 stars. I will pass on to my crew the kind words about their service. I hope the next time you are in the Seattle area that you choose us again. We know you have a lot of choices but none as close to the Space Needle and MoPOP :)Sincerely,Jonathan
We had a great bed, a well equipped kitchen, sitting room with television that you could pivot to the bedroom. The shower was a great one for sure. The breakfast was very good with a chef who made omelets to order. The hotel is close to the Space Needle and park. Parking was reasonable for a downtown hotel. The staff were very helpful.Hope you enjoy your stay as much as we did.Mike H,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We are thrilled to hear that you created wonderful memories throughout Seattle and utilized the amenities within our beautiful new hotel. We are always trying to leave our guests with lasting memorable experiences. Please let us know when you plan on returning to Seattle as we would love to you welcome you as our guest again!Sarah Junge
This is a relatively new hotel, conveniently located across from the Space Needle and Seattle Center. The location is perfect, the staff is so cordial and accommodating that my stay was perfect. If you are coming to Seattle, this is the place.Roger H,Thank you for staying with us next to the Space Needle! We love our incredible location and are ecstatic that you felt the same way. As one of the newest members to the Hyatt family, we are more than appreciative of your feedback and am glad to see you enjoyed your stay. We pride ourselves on our guest satisfaction and hope to see you again soon in the near future.Sarah Junge
Well we arrived in our taxi to be greeted by a very spacious clean looking modern hotel. The reception staff dealt with our needs efficiently and in a friendly manor and our rooms were large fresh and well presented. Although the bar staff did and efficient job with drinks when placing food orders it took an absolute age to be served. We actually thought they had forgotten us They state onsite parking in their description but there is an extra charge for this when you arrive :-(. Still the Space Needle is right outside and its close to many other attractions so would definitely recommend a stay.
I stayed here for a vacation, hoping to enjoy the location, but we received so much more. The room was so good. Comfortable and clean, we really enjoyed relaxing on the sofa at the end of each day. Beds were comfortable, linens were soft, and the kitchen was supplied with glassware and plates to enjoy dinner with our shoes off. Amina at the front desk always greeted us with a smile and was helpful in answering all our questions. The shuttle made getting around town very easy, though when you are across the street from Seattle Center, you really don't need to use it much! The view from our room was the Space Needle, and I loved it. Breakfast was surprisingly large and varied from day to day kudos to the breakfast staff for keeping the buffet area well stocked and clean. I hope to return, as I very much enjoyed my stay. Try this when you go to Seattle!Dear WandaP,Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel on Trip Advisor! I am very glad to hear that you had a great stay and that you enjoyed our location across the street from the Space Needle! I will pass onto the staff that you enjoyed our free breakfast buffet and thought their service was deserves kudos! I hope the next time you are in town you choose us again! Sincerely,Jonathan
Hotel had a great location (by Space Needle) for family vacation to Seattle. Room had two queen beds plus a pull out sofa, so our family of 4 could spread out a bit. Good breakfast buffet included with room. Room cleaning was poor as only one of the two beds was made and we received no clean towels or new shampoo.
Staff was friendly, hotel was clean, breakfast was great. We were able to check in early since our room was ready and our bags were held after checkout which enabled us to site see some more. I highly recommend Hyatt.Dear Michaeld04051WC,Thank you for your 5 star review and thank you for the kind words. This is what our goal is here at the Hyatt house Seattle. I am very glad that you would highly recommend us and we hope you visit us again soon. Please feel to reach out to me personally if I can help your next visit be as great as your last! Thank you for your business!Most Sincerely, Jonathan
We love this newish hotel because of its proximity to the children's museum and everything else Seattle center has to offer. The shuttle service is very handy to getting around as well (up to 2 mile distances).Asia S,We are sincerely appreciative of your complimentary remarks on your experience at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown. I have shared your feedback with the team as we pride ourselves on the things we do right and how we can continually improve. Safe travels we hope to see you again while visiting the area!Sarah Junge
Great location to stay pre-cruise if you want to visit Seattle. It is directly across the street from the Space Needle, Science Museum, EMP, and an easy walk to Pikes Market, as well as parks along the water for running or walking (to get some exercise we actually walked to Pier 91 which was our cruise terminal). We had a spacious 1 Bedroom Unit (with bedroom door that closes versus the smaller suite that just has a dividing wall and is a bit cramped) w/pullout couch, 2 queens, large well lit bathroom, full kitchen with stove, full size fridge, and microwave. The large unit also has a full living room and a kitchen table that doubles as a desk with plenty of outlets. The beds were comfortable and the suite had 3 TVs (bedroom, living room, kitchen). The small suite (which we did not have but my sister did) has a much smaller kitchen with mini fridge in the kitchen table and only 1 TV that swivels between the bedroom and living room. The beds were comfortable. Good security in that you need your room key to access any of the floors with rooms. A breakfast buffet is included with a pretty good selection. My favorite part was the Omelette station. As soon as you enter the breakfast area, fill out the order sheet indicating what you want on your omelette, and the cook will make it up exactly as ordered. I had this two days in a row and they were delicious. The omelettes are a bit small, but really the perfect size. They also had a great selection of name brand cereal and fresh fruit (among other items). The hotel also arranged car service for us (it is with Ace Transportation...which is not the same as the one online). It was 70 plus tip. The service call you when the plane lands and tell you to call them when you get your luggage. We then waited about 15 minutes for the driver to pick us up. I'm not sure what the taxi's are like, but that option may be easier without the wait. We arranged for the car service in advance since we had 5 people and 5 suitcases...and it was nice having a large clean SUV. The hotel also arranged for us to have Ace shuttle us to Pier 91 for 8 per person. We thought this would be the same type of service but it wasn't. This was an actual shuttle van that we shared with another family. When we checked out at 12:00 we were expecting it to be there waiting for us (due to our prior arrangement) but the front desk had to call and check on it. We probably waited about 15 minutes for them to show up...but the pier is close (2-3 miles) so not a big deal. Due to all the intersections it took about 15-20 minutes to get there. The Hyatt also has a free shuttle within a mile (to and from) of the hotel. They will come when you request it - be sure to tip if you use that service.Other nice items: all staff were very friendly, Walgreens is close-by for snacks and sodas and any forgotten items, monorail is close by, coin operated washer / dryer, free wifi, neighborhood has lots of small restaurants around.Minor items that would be nice if they had (but they don't): More hooks in the bathroom to hang towels in so that you can more easily reuse them, a makeup mirror, a safe for locking up laptops, ipads, etc. (if you need a safe you have to go to the front desk).Dear Brenda S,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We are thrilled to hear that you created wonderful memories and made the most of our amenities in our beautiful hotel and city. I will pass on your kind words to the staff, they will be so happy to know they made a difference. We are always trying to leave our guests with lasting memorable experiences. Please let us know when you plan on retuning to Seattle as we would love to you welcome you as our guest again!Sincerely, Sarah Junge
Our check in and check it service was awesome--staff very friendly and personable. Room was impeccable, great location. Utilized the free shuttle. Overall a wonderful time and look forward to returning as well as recommending to others headed to Seattle.Dear glenr376,Thank you for completing a TripAdvisor review regarding your recent stay at our hotel. Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be. I am glad to hear that you and your enjoyed our impeccable rooms and great location! We greatly appreciate your 5 star review it will be celebrated with the hotel. If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly. We very much appreciate your business and hope to see you again soon! Thank you for Recommeding us to others as well! Sincerely,Jon
We stayed in the Hyatt House for one night just before Xmas. Easy to get to via the Link and then one stop on the monorail, we had asked for an early check in, and our room was ready on arrival at noon. The room itself was stunning, immaculately clean (as was the rest of the hotel) and well appointed. Location was sensational (50 yards from the Space Needle and Glass Museum) and a 7 Uber down to Pike St Market. Breakfast was fine and checkout easy we left having had an excellent stay.
I'm sure many people bill Hyatt House downtown as a hip, penthouse style apt, where you can go out and see what makes Seattle great, and it is. From my window on the 8th floor, you can overlook the Space Needle, museums below, giant artwork molds and the bustle of a city come alive with fun!For me though, it was all about winding down from a 13-week stint from my company, and meeting a friend, to start an adventure down the coast. I relished that I could bring up delicious sandwiches from the downstairs eatery, or go up on the rooftop and just hang out. I loved the view of the bay from my loft style suite, while reading a book. I liked curling up in their oh so comfy bed, with their plush pillows that were perfectly for resting and rejuvenating a weary soul.Mostly, I loved the fact that I could just be. And I think that is the point of Hyatt House. You make it what you want it. And its oh so easy to do that...Dear SBTimeTraveler,Thank you very much for taking the time to write a review of our hotel and your stay here at the Hyatt house Seattle. We very much appreciate all the feedback we get. I am very happy to hear that you felt our hotels rooms were hip and what you were looking for, I am glad that you enjoyed the view of the Space Needle.These are the kind of reviews that we strive for. I hope the next time you are in the Seattle area that you choose us again. We know you have a lot of choices. Sincerely,Jon
across street from space needle so nice and clean and nice helpful people, easy to find and easy pick up transportation to pier, next to rail also we requested view and was great, nice hot breakfast alot to choose from,enjoyed ot soooo much glad we picked itLouis S,It was a pleasure to have you as our guest recently at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown and it is exciting to hear that you found the staff to be helpful and inviting. I will share your feedback with all of the team who has been consistently recognized as exceeding customer service standards. We appreciate the positive comments and will look forward to your future visits to Seattle.Sarah Junge
Staff was very friendly and especially helpful. Included breakfast was better than most hotel breakfasts. Location is right at the foot of the space needle. Public transportation (monorail and buses) were within a block of the hotel. The room had a refrigerator and microwave.
We had a great bed, a well equipped kitchen, sitting room with television that you could pivot to the bedroom. The shower was a great one for sure. The breakfast was very good with a chef who made omelets to order. The hotel is close to the Space Needle and park. Parking was reasonable for a downtown hotel. The staff were very helpful.Hope you enjoy your stay as much as we did.Mike H,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We are thrilled to hear that you created wonderful memories throughout Seattle and utilized the amenities within our beautiful new hotel. We are always trying to leave our guests with lasting memorable experiences. Please let us know when you plan on returning to Seattle as we would love to you welcome you as our guest again!Sarah Junge
The location is great. It is across the street from the Seattle Center therefore the Space Needle, Pacific Science center, the Armory, EMP, Museum of Pop Culture, Artists Playground, etc. are very easy to get to. The rooms are suites. It seems the ones facing the Space Needle (01-10) are more spacious or the layouts seems more spacious. I had family in a 19 room, which was a corner and it had the same features but a smaller table/island and living space. The suites are well supplied with everything you would need and the front desk is more than happy to give you extra supplies.The staff at this hotel is excellent. They are accommodating and very considerate. They call it a continental breakfast but I think it is significantly better than that. It has several hot food options, which change everyday and there is a always an omelet bar. In your room, there is a note with the rush hours for the free breakfast. It is pretty accurate. They also have a great happy hour and coffee is always available downstairs. For picky kids or late night eats or when the Armory is already closed, there is a 24 hour drive thru McDonalds.The only issue I had with the location was the parking garage. The spaces are tight. and you are assigned a space when you check in. The garage is underneath the hotel (which is convenient) but to drive in and out you have to use a special garage key. However, with the monorail across the street you probably do not need car.
I would not recommend this hotel, the staff were not helpful, we had issues with our bills and the front desk said they could not adjust. The power went out in the room and maintenance could not fix it, got ready in the dark with no power.
Directly across Space needle, Chihuly and EMP. Loved the secured parking, worth the extra cost. Would stay here again! Everything was quick to access. The room itself was comfortable with a mini kitchen, and sitting area. Having the TV rotate to either side of room was helpful. Every staff member from front desk, maids, maintenancell were friendly and helpful. I felt safe and our stay was extremely comfortable. There is a McDonald's across the street for those needing a quick bite, not a fan but it was nice to know it was there.Only thing that could have oneImproved our stay was more time!
Hyatt house is right across the street from the Space Needle. If you are out walking you can always find you way back, The breakfast is very good and includes lots of selections for everyone. Clean rooms and friendly staff members.
Hotel staff and service were great. Perfect place to stay for families. Rooms were especially roomy, clean, and well appointed. A relaxing place to stay. We were able to walk to all the tourist sites downtown. For us, it was important that we get our steps counted on our trackers we were able to walk to Chinatown and Pike's Place Market with ease.
Hotel had a great location (by Space Needle) for family vacation to Seattle. Room had two queen beds plus a pull out sofa, so our family of 4 could spread out a bit. Good breakfast buffet included with room. Room cleaning was poor as only one of the two beds was made and we received no clean towels or new shampoo.
Room ok ( we had queen suite) bathroom very small. Restaurant poor. Staff friendly and tried to please.Hitel well suited for my needs as near the conference centre. Hotel shuttle bus fabulous ,drives 1 mile radius around the hotel, so very convenient and easy to get to shops and restaurants.Dear EvelynK,Thank you for taking time out of your to complete a TripAdvisor review regarding your recent stay at our hotel. Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be. I am glad to hear that you found our location to be great and our staff to be friendly! I greatly appreciate your 4 star review. If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly. We appreciate your business! Sincerely,Jonathan
I was very happy with this hotel. The location can't be beat. It is modern and very clean. I liked that there is a separate sitting area and a small kitchen. The free breakfast and free wifi was really good as well. Staff was very nice and knowledgeable. My only gripe is the parking was 25 plus tax a night and the parking spaces are ridiculously small and tight. Also they need to train their housekeeping staff on down free bedding. I asked for foam pillows since I was allergic to down and they just brought me more down pillows. I would definitely stay here again.Thank you for completing a TripAdvisor Revoew regarding your recent stay at our hotel. Please know that your feedback is extremely valuable to us and we will utilize your response to make every guest experience the best it can be. I greatly appreciate your kind words and they will be celebrated with the entire team. If I can be of any assistance to you, please contact me directly. We look forward to being of service to you in the near future. Best regards, Jonathan
across street from space needle so nice and clean and nice helpful people, easy to find and easy pick up transportation to pier, next to rail also we requested view and was great, nice hot breakfast alot to choose from,enjoyed ot soooo much glad we picked itLouis S,It was a pleasure to have you as our guest recently at the Hyatt House Seattle Downtown and it is exciting to hear that you found the staff to be helpful and inviting. I will share your feedback with all of the team who has been consistently recognized as exceeding customer service standards. We appreciate the positive comments and will look forward to your future visits to Seattle.Sarah Junge
Not pleased. Poor experience. Will definitely stay somewhere else next time. 7 day/6 night stay...zero cleaning despite numerous requests, no fresh towels or linens entire week other than towels/soap/toilet paper we helped ourselves to from nearby cart. overflowing garbage cans were finally put in hallway day 4.Dear RobinsU9085vk,Thank you very much for taking the time our of your day to review our hotel and share your stay with us. I very much appreciate the feedback and I am very sorry to hear about the poor costumer service you experienced. I assure you that your feedback is taken seriously and we will use it to better our hotels operations. I am happy to hear that you enjoyed our great location. Please keep us in mind the next time you are in the Seattle area. We would love to be given another opportunity to ensure you have a great stay. Please feel free to reach out to me personally. We do appreciate your business. Sincerely,Jonathan
Well we arrived in our taxi to be greeted by a very spacious clean looking modern hotel. The reception staff dealt with our needs efficiently and in a friendly manor and our rooms were large fresh and well presented. Although the bar staff did and efficient job with drinks when placing food orders it took an absolute age to be served. We actually thought they had forgotten us They state onsite parking in their description but there is an extra charge for this when you arrive :-(. Still the Space Needle is right outside and its close to many other attractions so would definitely recommend a stay.
The Hyatt House (not to be confused with the nearby Hyatt Place) is a new hotel right by the Space Needle and monorail. My room faced the monorail track, but surprisingly I really didn't hear it at all so I was impressed with the soundproofing. It wasn't perfect though as the room also faced a TV station garage whose warning chime every time it was opened did get through and could get annoying. The room set up I had was like a one bedroom apartment with a kitchenette that was stocked with cooking utensils, pots, pans, plates, silverware, etc and a separate bedroom with a door. Bathroom had a large shower with the good water pressure (no tub). The free breakfast buffet was great with eggs, potatoes, a meat (sausage, bacon, or ham), and a variable dish (pancake, biscuit and sausage gravy). There were also fruit, yogurt, cereal, and toast options plus the omelette station (you might have to wait a while though depending on time). Fitness room had a few treadmills, ellipticals, bicycles, dumbbells, a sort of universal, and towels. Maybe a spray bottle and paper towels or wet wipes to wipe down handles and bench might have been nice. Overall, I really liked the hotel and best of all it was reasonably priced -- less expensive than meeting-sponsored hotels near the convention center (about a mile away).Masahiro K,Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt House during your recent trip to Seattle and for taking the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor. We value the feedback from our guests and are always striving to improve our guests stay. Please let us know when you return as wed love to welcome you back as our guest.Sarah Junge
Super clean - close to the space niddle 2 min. Walking - 2 minutes from museums one block from a seventh eleven - 2 minutes from mono rail station that goes to a mall and downtown Seattle in 5 minute ride - :)Pablo V,Thank you for staying with us next to the Space Needle! We love our incredible location and are ecstatic that you felt the same way. As one of the newest members to the Hyatt family, we are more than appreciative of your feedback and am glad to see you enjoyed your stay. We pride ourselves on our guest satisfaction and hope to see you again soon in the near future.Sarah Junge
Super clean - close to the space niddle 2 min. Walking - 2 minutes from museums one block from a seventh eleven - 2 minutes from mono rail station that goes to a mall and downtown Seattle in 5 minute ride - :)Pablo V,Thank you for staying with us next to the Space Needle! We love our incredible location and are ecstatic that you felt the same way. As one of the newest members to the Hyatt family, we are more than appreciative of your feedback and am glad to see you enjoyed your stay. We pride ourselves on our guest satisfaction and hope to see you again soon in the near future.Sarah Junge
Hotel staff and service were great. Perfect place to stay for families. Rooms were especially roomy, clean, and well appointed. A relaxing place to stay. We were able to walk to all the tourist sites downtown. For us, it was important that we get our steps counted on our trackers we were able to walk to Chinatown and Pike's Place Market with ease.
We enjoyed our stay at the Hampton Inn in Bremerton. The room was clean, comfortable and quiet. the service staff were very friendly and the breakfast was first rate. This is the third time I have stayed there and I would stay there again.
As usual Hampton Inn service was exceptional. The staff was friendly and helpful. Free parking under the hotel is VERY tight but is convenient to the hotel rooms. The hotel is very close to the marina, good food and the ferry. Five stars!!!I am so glad you enjoyed your stay with us. We look forward to your next visit, take care. Sincerely, Jared Bolan Guest Services Manager Hampton Inn Suites Bremerton
I LOVE it when my company puts me up in a Home2 facility. It is beautifully maintained, the staff is helpful and friendly and the room is nicely appointed. I like the idea of a little kitchen. I get so tired of eating in restaurants!!
This hotel is walking distance to the ferry terminal to get to Seattle and it is right beside the conference center. Rooms were clean and very comfortable beds. Breakfast in the morning was nice. This is a very convenient hotel.
Hampton Inns are always very nice. Convenient parking is limited at this hotel. Nice amenities at the hotel. Close to waterfront park and nice eating establishments. Close to shipyard for government business travelers.
Hotel was your standard Hampton Inn. It was clean, quiet and the staff was friendly. Room had a terrific view of the harbor. There are some good restaurants near by, plus a Subway and a Starbucks right next door.Thank you for staying with us. It was our pleasure having you with us. We hope to see you again in the future! Take care! Tina G. Guest Service Manager Hampton Inn Suites Bremerton, WA 98337
Booked through Kayak, double room, handicap accessible. Called before booking and spoke to front desk staff - they confirmed they had a wheelchair accessible double room. Upon arrival, they couldn't find our reservation - even with the booking number. Front desk clerk was visibly impaired, laughing inappropriately and giving two different names. Handicapped room was downstairs, no elevator! Clerk found... More
The rooms here are quite modern, like they've been recently updated. The beds were comfortable too. It's unfortunate that we only spent a few hours in our room as we got in really late and had to leave really early. The hospitality was great as well. They let us check in early and gave us directions to where we were... More
Stayed here on business for a couple days. Room was clean and fairly spacious but nothing special. Free breakfast was quite good and the location was within walking distance of my office. The biggest knock on this place is the noise level from the street. There is little to any noise proofing, so you are going to hear cars until around midnight. They do provide a white noise generator and I had that thing going every night. It was a pleasure hosting you during your trip, and I'm glad you enjoyed your stay. Since we're located in a metropolitan area, some of our rooms may experience noise from the street below. That said, it's great you were able to make use of the white noise machine. The team and I are looking forward to your return! -Frank F., General Manager
This is a perfect location for business, located next to freeway makes access easy for traveling around Seattle area. It can be a bit noisy also because it's located next to freeway. The suite is spacious and comfortable. The staff is friendly and the bar/restaurant area is convenient. You can't beat the free breakfast and every floor has snacks located near the elevators if you want something quick. I would definitely stay there again.Glad you got to take advantage of everything here, Lisa! From the rooms to the snacks and breakfast, you deserve the best from our team, and we'd all love to see you back here next time you're in town! Best, Frank F., General Manager
This is the second time our group of 4 stays here while on business in Seattle. The location is not too bad, just a 15-20 minute walk from the business center. The rooms are clean and comfortable. The service is great - helped us out a couple of times with checking luggage in and out and getting us a cab. The hot breakfast in the morning is a great convenience prior to heading to business. The price per room per night is great if you don't mind walking a bit.thefoodlover1001,Thank you so much for taking the time to share your thoughts on your most recent stay at SpringHill Suites Seattle Downtown. We are thrilled to hear that our staff and amenities continue to exceed the expectations of you and your group. You mentioned the convenience of our location, just six blocks from the retail core. I also want to make sure that you are aware of our complimentary shuttle service which can be especially convenient if the weather isn't cooperating. Our shuttle provides hourly service to and from Westlake Center, Convention Center and the Space Needle and can be reserved through our front desk.Thanks again for sharing your positive experience, we look forward to your next visit!Best Regards,Aaron
I must say that I've never stayed in a SpringHill Suites before and I must say it was a pleasant experience! Everything from the staff to the rooms were clean and refreshing. The staff was more than helpful when it came to different things to do in the area. The only downside that I didn't like is that it's not necessarily in the heart of downtown Seattle. We did have to do a bit of walking, but the hotel more than made up for that. Would definitely stay here again.
This is a nice hotel in close proximity to downtown, Safeco field, etc. Our room was spacious and had nice amenities--coffeemaker with coffee/condiments, iron and board, blowdryer, refrigerator, etc. Check in and out were both smooth. We requested a crib--someone brought it, set it up, and put sheets on it...WOW. Though it is a residence type hotel, the service is great, decor is nice, and they even have great room service.
Well it was walking distance to everything we needed, plus it has a nice restaurant inside and the menu for it is in the elevator. The room we had came with a refrigerator microwave, table and chairs. We were able to walk to Whole Foods and buy a wholesome frozen dinner and eat it in our room. Also there is a great Organic restaurant walking distance from the motel.It was a pleasure hosting you during your trip to Seattle, Eva. I'm glad our restaurant and location added value to your stay. We're looking forward to your return! - Frank F., General Manager
We stayed 2 nights in this hotel, the hotel is clean and the rooms are comfortable, check in very fast. The location is very good, easy walk to go any where. Breakfast is good enough and we were happy to stay in this hotel and would certainly back if we visit Seattle again.Thanks for the kind words -- I'm so glad you enjoyed your stay! Hope you make it back for another visit to Seattle soon. Keep in touch! Best, Frank F., General Manager
I stayed at this hotel for 3 days. I needed a taxi twice and both times I gave the front desk staff ample notice about needing a taxi but they could not get a taxi to arrive on time or arrive at all. In one instance when the taxi did not show up I almost missed a ferry on which I was scheduled and I would have had to wait a day for the next ferry.One of the hotel managers said they had 'problems' getting taxi's to come to the hotel. Unfortunately, the hotel did not share that with me until it was too late. Otherwise I would have handled my transportation needs myself and not rely on the hotel.My suggestion is not to rely on the hotel for transportation, make your own arrangements.Hello James D.! Please accept my apology for the spotty taxi service. We do, at times, struggle to get cabs to our hotel during peak times. We should have done a better job in communicating with you and offered other options. I really do appreciate your feedback and hope to see you again.
Larger suites complete with microwave, fridge and wet bar. Comfortable beds and great staff. Free use of 24 hour fitness across the street. Could have been cleaner but by no means dirty.
Not the best location as it is not walking distance or the kind of walk that you want to take to most sites in Seattle. However, they do have hourly van service to downtown and Uber makes this a great location when you compare prices to downtown hotels.The suites were great for our family group. Excellent breakfast.If you need to get your work-out fix and are a member of 24 Hour Fitness, there is a location across the street.I appreciate the feedback, Eugene -- thanks for letting me know what you think here. I hope you'll keep in touch -- we'd be more than happy to have you for another stay sometime soon. Best, Frank F., General Manager
First off, this hotel is about 1 mile from the space needle and Pikes Market. Reading other reviews, I laugh at comments about it's location since you should probably look at a hotel's address in relation to where you are going before you book Free breakfast and Wifi were excellent. Kids watched Netflix nightly which I can't say is possible in every hotel. Pool is dated and heavily chlorinated with cheap stuff that makes your eyes burn. Goggles are a must for the kids. When we booked this hotel, it shows up as a category 7 for rewards which his hilarious (equivalent to Maui) so I used my corporate rate which saved us about 100/night over closer hotels. We had planned on using Uber, but found out that the FREE hotel shuttle would drop/pickup at the Space Needle and Westlake Mall. From Westlake, it's a few more blocks to Pikes Market, but like most Americans I need the exercise :) If you are on vacation and unless you need a car to go outside of downtown/waterfront Seattle, I would advise on ditching it at one of the nearby locations and save the 26/day valet.Free breakfast and Wi-Fi always make for the start of a great stay, especially when youre visiting a city, Mike. Thats why we make sure you can begin each day full and connected. Were also all about providing that free shuttle to take you to those popular Seattle spots. Keep us in mind next time youre in the city!Safe travels,Frank F., General Manager
We stayed for seven nights total, broken up by trips out to Mt Rainier and the peninsula, and we were happy to return to Springhill Suites. This hotel looks like a city block with no curb appeal but don't be dissuaded--all the charms start with the valets and continue inside! The sleek lobby with fireplace is spacious and provides several areas for conversation and an adjacent lobby bar is a busy spot to watch a game on TV or get a bite to eat. The front desk staff was friendly and very helpful especially when we wanted to mail packages home. The efficient valets were on the ball every minute to store/retrieve your car (22.00/night), flag a cab, or arrange a shuttle to the downtown areas. Luggage carts are available at the point of entry. The engineer of the hotel offered to fix our luggage handle which was broken by the airline and it was done in minutes, cheerfully! The rooms are very spacious, the desk is roomy and has a good work light and even the desk chair was comfortable on rolling castors. Earth tones of grey and soft green walls were subdued and restful. Comfortable bed, above average linens and lots of great pillows. Sitting area had two floor lamps and was very ample with a nice firm sofa and two chairs. Everything was clean and updated, spotless sink area and toilet/bath room. Despite its location near the interstate our room was quiet. The daily breakfasts in the dining room were a full-service hot buffet for an additional nominal fee, efficient, welcoming staff, and no waiting. The Springhill Suites staff seems genuinely happy to serve patrons and we are appreciative for their helpfulness and suggestions, making this hotel feel like a home away from home.Reviews like this absolutely make my day -- there's nothing better than to hear we could be a bright spot and a comfort while someone was on the road. Thank you so much for taking the time to reach out like this! Let us know when you're headed back our way -- we'd love a chance to say hello. Safe travels. All the best, Frank F., General Manager
Hotel was average, the rooms are large as a suite should be, King bed and separate area with sofa bed, desk and bench that included a fridge, microwave and sink. Rooms clean but bath room a bit small for size of room but Ok. Hotel is almost on the I5 interstate so there was a road hum/noise all night and the AC reminded me of being on the plane. Some would not like the noise, The breakfast room was woefully inadequate to hold guests compounded by the fact that guests would not clean up after them. Hotel out of the center of city but did run a shuttle to the down town and space needle on the hour. Does have a guest laundry.Good Day Rowan T,Thank you for the review. We are glad you enjoyed your stay.Regards,
Awesome hotel to stay. Easy to get to downtown and ubers are everywhere. Food at the hotel is good along with a complimentary breakfast. Downtown uber is about 6.00. Super easy. If you drink at the bar at the hotel Gabe is the man!!!!!So happy to see you loved every minute here, Daniel! You deserve a great stay with us every time, and I hope you'll make it in again soon. Safe travels, Frank F., General Manager
Stayed her two nights before Alaskan cruise. Rooms were really spacious comfortable. Found staff pretty robotic, not too welcoming. Breakfast was very substantial but area very crowded especially on second morning people all over looking for tables. Area not big enough for number of guest. Liked that they had a Coffee/Tea Station just in front of elevators that was always fully stocked. Returned from a long day in the heat after 3pm to find room not made up yet so we had to wait around which was a bit annoying. Staff at front desk did not care or think it was an issue when we brought it to their notice. Shuttle service was goodEve, it was a pleasure having you stay with us prior to your Alaska cruise. I truly wish our service would have left a more favorable impression. Our guests have come to know us for our friendly approach, and we're looking forward to making that apparent next time. -Frank F., General Manager
Typical Springhill Suites - nothing special. Friendly enough service. Clean comfortable room. Pool a bit small but good enough. Certainly would stay here again but nothing specially memorable. Try to get a high floor. Quieter.
My usual Courtyard locations in Seattle were very expensive for this trip, so I decided to stay at this Springhill. It is on the outskirts of downtown, but still convenient for my business. Front office staff was very welcoming and helpful - see my review for Blueacre Seafood. The room was large and comfortable, but facing the street can be noisy. The free breakfast was satisfying, with multiple options. All-in-all, a very satisfying experience.
We stayed for only 1 night, but found the hotel easy to access, had a comfortable room, helpful staff and a nice, hot breakfast. The hotel is located right next to I-5 so be aware that there could be a noise issue if you are sensitive to that issue. There is a 24-Hour fitness located across the street that you can access for a fitness center which would be great if you were staying for several nights. The breakfast was hot and the staff was attentive and making sure that all dishes were filled promptly. The room was comfortable - basic, but spacious for our night. We walked to a nearby restaurant for dinner and passed several others on the way. Like many downtown locations, I was comfortable walking in a group, but wouldn't walk alone. Close to several outdoor type stores.
Couldn't really fault this place - big rooms, great internet , helpful staff - very easy flat 10 minute walk to downtown. For the price it was very reasonable and i couldn't really fault anything. Would stay here again for sure. Breakfast was basic (plastic cutlery and crockery ) but great as included in the price.
I am a consultant who is away from home nearly every Monday through Thursday. The accomodations at the SpringHill Suites have been very satisfactory and the staff has been excellent! It is nice for folks that know you are away from home to greet you in a very friendly manner, go out of their way to make you feel at home and truly care about your comfort. As I move on to the next project, I will truly miss the SpringHill, especially their staff!
Stayed here for one night in between travelling days. Comfortable well designed rooms although no difference between the executive and ordinary suites (we had one of each) except the free water on the 10th floor. Restaurant is excellent especially the clam chowder and steak.It's great hearing you enjoyed the rooms and our restaurant. I appreciate the feedback. Keep us in mind the next time you're in the area -- I know we can show you an even better stay then. Safe travels, Frank F., General Manager
This was a great hotel. Staff are helpful as long as you're not a complete snob (ie from Victoria, want to be pamperred like you're at a W hotel, etc). Rooms were clean, well decoraded, and the mini-fridge was great to have. Buffet was good even though it, um, was not, Atkins Friendly (I'm a nutritionist, don't get me started on that diet ) Housekeeping staff were friendly and attentive, and best of all, it's close to Qwest and Safeco Stadium. You'd be a fool to take a Cab from this hotel to the stadiums, simply jump on a Pierce Transit bus. Unless you're easily spooked by, *gasp* the homeless and racial minorities, it's a great way to actually see SEA and to get from place to place. Have fun!
Room: 9th floor, executive suite (). large, clean, had a sink, mini fridge and a microwave, a small living area.Amenities: pool and a hot tub, open till 12 PM. Free breakfast downstairs, but they also set out some pastries, fruit, cereal and coffee on my floor by the elevator. I'm not sure if that appies to all floors or just the top few.Free tea/ coffee downstairs 24 hLocation: an easy 10 min walk to the WSCC.Gym: small, but there's a 24-h Fitness right across the street, and they offer a special daily rate to hotel guests. Canadian GoodLife members - we get free access to ALL 24 Hour Fitness locations in the US, it's a mutual partnership these gyms have. Just show your keytag and sign the guest log.Thank you very much for writing us, Maria -- I'm glad you enjoyed your stay. It's great to hear everything from our amenities to our breakfast set up to our location added value to your trip. We're looking forward to your return! - Frank F., General Manager
We stayed at this property for one night pre-cruise. I selected this property as I am Marriott Platinum, and it did not seem too far to walk to some of the attractions for our day in the city - and for less than another Marriott closer to the cruise pier. I'm not certain it was 100 the best decision.Yes, it is about a mile walk to the market - not too bad. We are walkers, so that is and was not an issue. In hindsight, it was raining significantly the entire day we were in the city. We were prepared for it so definitely not a challenge. What I realized, though, is the next morning after we had breakfast, it was really nice out and we wanted to go back to the market. We had to plan for that as it was about a 30 minute RT walk. Again - great exercise, but really would have been nice to enjoy the market for longer first thing in the morning and to walk along the water... The other thing to note is - that this property is located RIGHT NEXT TO the highway. So you will see and hear the rush hour traffic. The windows in the room did well with blocking out a lot of the noise and we were not kept awake by the traffic noise.We arrived around 10:00am, and our room was not ready. Wasn't fully expecting it to - you just never know. I was told it would be a few hours for my reserved room to be ready and it was at that time that I asked if there were any rooms available for a complimentary upgrade as I am platinum. We were told no - they were not available either. We waited about an hour for our room, but we had already left for our sightseeing after dropping our luggage. Honestly, I don't think that the room we received was a true upgrade but for one night it doesn't really matter.The lobby is inviting, textiles seem updated and the bar and restaurant are all right there. The restaurant does offer happy hour specials on select beverages and appetizers. Once we did return to check into our room, it was simply ok. It was NOT the as listed on the Marriott website Category 7 experience that we were expecting. It felt more like we were in a Days Inn. The kitchen gave us what we needed - a small refrigerator but the plates and utensils were paper and plastic I wasn't expecting that. And when we went to use one of the utensil combo packs, one of them was opened with the fork removed. Tossed that and we just used a fork and spoon from the unopened pack. The bed was comfortable and we slept just fine. Closet was super small didn't bother to put much in it - it would have been a hassle. Bathroom shower was really great with fabulous water pressure and we did not experience any fluctuation in the temperature. I did ask for a blanket to be in my room upon arrival via the Marriott app, and I didn't realize until crawling into bed that it was not delivered. So I got onto the app again, and after a few attempts was able to connect with someone - simply because I couldn't reach anyone on the phone. They did show up after about 45 minutes... But instead of a blanket, they brought an entire bed set - comforter, sheets and pillows. I was too tired to care at that point and just took it all. I used the 2nd comforter just to get to sleep, and tossed it off when I got overly hot. But I thought it was strange that the hotel didn't have any blankets Kind of them to deliver me something though!Breakfast was very busy. It is definitely a large buffet and will get you by. Scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, waffles, fruits, oatmeal. Food was fresh and replenished regularly. It definitely worked for our needs. Because we were out in the rain all day and wanted to get back to the hotel to rest for a bit, we did decide to not go out for dinner and take advantage of the hotel restaurant. We sat in the bar area right next to the warm fireplace - fabulous! I had the chicken entree my husband the burger. Food was good portions were large, and our bartender / waiter was kind and helpful.The Uber ride from this hotel to the cruise pier was about 25. Overall, I'm not sure if the varying cost difference to stay at this property vs. a full-service Marriott was entirely worth it. This hotel does need some updating for sure! Totally not a category 7. For the additional money for the Uber ride, and not having access to the concierge lounge for breakfast as well as evening happy hour - having to pay for dinner and the taxi ride would have leveled out the additional cost to stay at the full-service property. Overall, the staff was kind and gracious, the hotel was clean and accommodating, just dated and out of the way a bit. Would I stay here again Probably not but it did meet our needs for the one night stay.I appreciate you taking the time to write a thoughtful review -- it was a pleasure hosting you prior to your cruise. I'm glad we could provide a comfortable place for you to rest while you explored the city during your short stay. That said, it's a shame your room didn't meet your expectations. We're always happy to provide extra plates and cutlery should you require them. As for the bed set, I'm sorry about the confusion. You should have been brought and blanket, and I apologize that wasn't the case. All in all, thank you very much for leaving a review. The team and I hope to welcome you back again one day. -Frank F., General Manager
It doesn't necessarily have the luxurious feel of the Hyatt or Four Seasons, but it is much more practical for a business traveler. The suite-style room is much more spacious than the standard room in a luxury hotel. It had what was essentially a living room (couch, desk, coffee table, mini kitchenette) in addition to the bedroom. Made doing some late-night work more comfortable than slouched in bed.I'm not an extremely light sleeper but street noise will sometimes wake me and even though my room was closest to the highway, I slept like a baby. Comfortable bed and room temperature.I highly value a good shower, and the showerhead at the SpringHill Suites was only so-so (hence the 4 star rating, otherwise it would be a solid 5). It was a bit older, not quite symmetrical water spray / pressure, not terrible but not great.But overall great stay for a business trip.
This is a really great place to stay when visiting Seattle. Not only are the front desk staff friendly, welcoming, and helpful, they are personally delightful. The full breakfast provided is absolutely delicious with many, many freshly made items to choose from, and the area is kept spotless. When staying on floors 10 and above, morning and evening snacks and lots of cold bottled water are available in the hallways.I'm thrilled you had such an amazing stay with us, Sue. We're always here to make it a perfect one, and I'm looking forward to seeing you back here next time you're in town! Until then, Frank F., General Manager
I'm a Marriott Platinum Elite member. I stay at Marriott hotels 100+ nights each year. I gave this hotel a try in May of 2016. It's a nice, modern hotel in a good location, with all the amenities typically found at a Springhill Suites.However.....the Air Conditioning unit couldn't cool the room. I ran it all night and it never succeeded in getting the room temp below 70 degrees.Hotels MUST allow their guests to keep the room at the temperature they desire. This means installing AC units that are powerful enough to cool the rooms to the desired temp.This Marriott failed in that regard, and thus I cannot recommend, nor do I plan to return.This is so disappointing to see, and I'm so sorry that your room wasn't up to par. My team and I would have been more than happy to fix it in the moment, but I appreciate the feedback nonetheless. I hope you can give us another shot to show you the stay you deserve. Best, Frank F., General Manager
This is a typical Marriott SpringHill Suite property -- meaning that it is modern, clean, comfortable, well appointed, served by a friendly, efficient staff -- and affordable. Can't comment on the breakfast because we missed it (came down too late and when they say that breakfast ends at 9 a.m., they mean it. The food is whisked away, so don't be late! The hotel bar is comfortable has a TV screen that may not be huge, but it is big enough that you and a few friends can gather there to watch the playoff games. It may not be right in the heart of downtown Seattle, but it is within walking distance to the top attractions (Pike's Place, Space Needle, the big department stores, etc. -- and most of that is downhill from the hotel.) Plus, the hotel offers a shuttle that runs to and from the downtown area. Bottom line -- we would stay there again.Sounds perfect -- glad you got to enjoy just about everything here and around us! Hope to see you again for breakfast next time you're in the area. Keep in touch! Best, Frank F., General Manager
Great Breakfast!!!! Close to everything (3-4 Blocks to free bus zone), Room was adequate. Hot tub felt good after a day of walking. Make sure to ask about the shuttle and where it goes... We didn't find out until departure
From the moment of check-in to check-out, this was a great hotel. My friend picked me up at the airport and then we went to the hotel. Very easy access off the I-5. Check-in was a breeze and the booking was all as requested.We had a King suite and my friend said the sofa bed was comfortable to get a good night's sleep. We had to call the front desk as the sofa did not have any bedding on it - they were in a cupboard and someone came immediately to help us. My bed was comfortable.The cupboard s somewhat smallish but plenty of coat hangers.The bathroom was a good size and functional and it was nice to have a basin/sink in a separate area outside the bathroom. Amenities included separate shampoo and conditioner, as well as soap and body wash. The towels were a good size, but a couple of them had a musty smell - fortunately there were extra towels.But the breakfast - what a wonderful surprise - hot buffet breakfast each morning included with the rate, and coffee constantly available in the lobby.And Wall Street Journal available each morning.We walked everywhere. Yes, there is a shuttle but we did not need to catch it. Walked to Pike Market, Pioneer Place, Space Neede and Lake. Great easy walking. Yes that are some are sow folks who are own on their luck - but this is a downtown city area. Watch yourself. Had someone who was follwing us but this was in the Pioneer Place area.Went on a great tour, Bill Spiedel's Underground tour - highly recommend for the history, and a number of great galleries for North West art.Had booked an early morning wake up call ad a car to take me to the airport. The call did not happen but fortunately I had set my alarm as well, but the car was there which was the mre important issue. Great car service the hotel uses and they take credit cards.I also had room service and recommend the salmon burger - the salmon was great, and the asparagus soup was very tasty. Room service was very prompt and order was as requested.Be aware there s quite a hefty room tax (presumably paid to the city), so it turns a 160 room into over 200 - not the hotel's fault, but be aware as I was surprised by the additional taxes being so high.Overall, a wonderful stay and would stay here again if I came to Seattle.Greetings AussieNarelle! Thank you for your feeback. We are happy that you were happy with your stay with us. Aussie, Aussie, Aussie! (I hope you are actually Australian!) Cheers!
I loved my stay at the Springhill Suites in Seattle. I was in town from Fort Mohave, Arizona, visiting a friend. We stayed here, because it was basically in the middle of everything we were doing in 2 days. The staff was super friendly, the room was perfect, breakfast in the morning was great, and the shuttle service to the Space Needle was a nice plus. We got checked in by 11 am, which was great, because we had a day full of activities planned, and it was nice to get our stuff put away so we could enjoy ourselves. The price was very reasonable as well. I totally recommend staying here!!
The hotel was located just a few blocks from the Paramount Theater Convention Center and walkable to the downtown shopping area.Our room was large with a separate sitting area, desk, fridge and microwave. The hotel offers a very generous breakfast each morning that is included in the room price.It sits next to the freeway but we asked in advance for a room on the other side of the hotel.The staff was very friendly and accommodating.I'm thrilled you had a wonderful stay. There's nothing better than starting each day with a delicoius breakfast, so it's great you could take advantage of it. On top of that, I always love hearing the staff was friendly and accommodating. Thanks!Best,Frank F., General Manager
The hotel staff was so helpful in making arrangements to meet our every need. Shuttle service is available every hour until 9 pm to most downtown sites such as Space Needle and Pikes Place Market. Room was very clean and breakfast buffet was fantastic. The onsite restaurant has wonderful food. We ate dinner there during our stay each day. I felt safe at this location. You will need to have the hotel arrange a ride to the pier if you are cruising. it was only 8.00 each for that ride. All other rides our group took was free with the hotel shuttle. Beds were comfy. Thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Would definitely recommend to others.I enjoyed reading about your great stay, Dana. It's always nice knowing when you enjoy everything from the shuttle to the restaurant. We really appreciate your recommendation!Safe travels,Frank F., General Manager
Stayed here for a few nights over NYE. On the basis of some of the other reviews I thought it would take ages to walk to the main part of Seattle's shopping district + Pike Place Market, but realistically at a swift pace it will take you maybe 15 minutes... perhaps the other reviewers aren't so keen on walking. You can get to the Space Needle in less than 30 on foot.The room was clean and comfortable. The noise from the highway wasn't too bad but we were in a room back from that side of the building.The free broadband access was great. The complementary breakfast was also good but I found the plastic plates and cutlery to be a bit cheap not to mention wasteful.I second other reviewers' suggestion to book through Seattle Super Saver to get the best deal, I saved a mint compared to Expedia.
Everything that one comes to expect from a qualty Springhill Suites stay. Room was a good size, breakfast had a lot of choices (fruit, cereal, oatmeal, bread, coffee, juices, etc.) and the staff was helpful. Nothing really made it stand out but 4 stars is nothing to sneeze atThanks for all the feedback here -- I appreciate hearing what you think! I'm happy to see that you enjoyed your stay, and I hope you'll stay again next time you're in town! Best, Frank F., General Manager
What a wonderful surprise, when we stayed at this property. Accommodations were spacious and comfortable. Complimentary breakfast was well beyond the usual offerings. Front desk staff was friendly and eager to help, offering wonderful suggestions. The complimentary shuttle to the Seattle Center allowed us to see the sights, without struggling for parking spaces.Paul, so glad your room and our breakfast and service impressed you. We're looking forward to your next visit to Seattle! -Frank F., General Manager
I recently stayed at the Spring Hill Suites for three nights while in Seattle for business. While I some times find corporate chains to be lacking in hospitality and supportive staff, I found the staff at Spring Hill to be very friendly and accommodating. The rooms were spacious, comfortable and clean. Room service was prompt and the food was well prepared. I was pleasantly surprised by the grab go breakfast buffet they stocked on every floor this allowed me to grab a quick and tasty bite to eat as I was out the door for business meetings. The hotel was conveniently located to downtown - it seemed to be just close enough to walk, but far enough away as to not charge premium prices. The rooms were also very quiet!It's wonderful how much you enjoyed your stay with us, Elizabeth! It's always our goal to provide quality service and a comfortable room to all of our guests, so I'm delighted that you saw that here. We love the breakfast options as well -- glad that was a nice surprise. That said, your star rating suggests that we have some room to improve. Please feel free to reach out directly to us if there's something that we could be doing better.All the best,Frank F., General Manager
The hotel's title includes downtown. It is about 30 minutes walk to Pier 66, from where boats go to Canada, about 10 minutes to Space Needle and about 20 minutes to Pike Market. So, very good location in that sence. However, the surrounding area is a business type location, so it does not look very attractive at night. I did not walk outside past 7pm, day time and mornings were fine though.The hotel has shuttle that takes you to Space Needel, West Lake shopping mall (4 block from there to Pike Market) and to conference center. All driving times are 5 minutes, if not less.Comfortable rooms, very very spacious. Small bathrooms though, but the sink and mirror were outside of the bathroom, so it was ok. Big screen TV. excellent AC unit, easy to use (unlike in many hotels) and really really QUITE! I have never stayed in a hotel with such a quite AC unit. My room did face the freeway, you do hear the noise but it is somewhat muffled so it did not bother me at all.I am not sure if anyone stayed in adjecent rooms, but i heard nothing at all during the entire stay (4 nights)good breakfast included in room rate, the variety stays the same, but I would not complain since there was not additional charge. There is also coffee/tea service in the lobby all day.The hotel has a bar that serves food, it was good and the pricing was nice.Bathroom amenities are of good quality.The indoor pool is really small, i would compare it with the pool for kids accompanied by adult. The water seemed somewhat chilly to me during the stay, although it was heated to 81 degrees according to thermometer.Complimentary business center, did not use internet in room, so cant write about connection speed etc...front desk is friendly, knowledgebale, very helpful so are shuttle drivers. The hotel has umbrellas, so you can get one from bell stand if you forgot yours.parking is expensive, right next door is an open parking for a free less then hotel however based on the non-attractiveness of the surronding area I would park with the hotel, just to be safe, even if its going to be just a few more extra
We stayed for about a week. Beds were plush and very comfortable. Ours had a king sofa bed. A nice counter sized fridge is included, and the room had an extra sink. Suites are a large room with a short (4 ft) divider. There were lots of AC outlets including on lamps on the desk and 2 near the bed . Internet speed was excellent, averaging 5Mb/sec. Pricing is lower if you stay 5 days.The hotel has a small pool and exercise room. 24hr fitness, with lots of machines and weights is across the street and free to guests. Staff is happy, friendly and helpful.Breakfast was surprisingly good. Eggs were real, with cereal, fresh fruit, oatmeal, yogurt and pastries. Coffee and Tea (Bigelow bags) are served 24/7. Best of all, the hot water didn't taste like coffee! Dinner was just OK. There are better choices in the area.Location: Off I-5, but takes 10-15 min (in rush hr) due to one-way streets/traffic. Immediate exit onto I-5. It is a 12 min walk from the Airport train. It is not downtown, but it's close (15-20 min). The Space needle and museum complex is about a 15 min walk. The neighborhood to the northwest is full of newly constructed apartments, plus many cafes and upscale restaurants. There is a whole foods (7 min walk) with a huge deli/bakery/salad bar if you want something cheap easy, but no nearby convenience store. (Don't miss Market House on Howell for corned beef!) Walk east across I-5 (up Denny Olive)) and you'll find funkier neighborhoods and parks, plus cheaper (and excellent) eateries. There are many homeless people and panhandlers in the area west of the hotel. The Pikes Market/waterfront is 15-20 min on foot. A giant REI is a block away and worth visiting. It's also the non-hotel food in the evening.Thank you so much for taking the time to write such a detailed review -- these kinds of tips are always helpful for our newer guests. It sounds like you were able to see a lot of the city while you were in town. Hope you'll consider us for your next trip to Seattle!All the best,Frank F., General Manager
Stayed here for two weeks on a business trip.Rooms were good, comfortable. The bathrooms showed some signs of being a little run down. They have a kichenette which is a microwave, sink, and a mini fridge. Breakfast was pretty good, hot and cold options. Staff was friendly and very accommodating and helpful! Friendly and accommodating -- thanks for the kind words. Glad you enjoyed your stay and our breakfast options. I hope youll keep us in mind the next time you travel to the area. Take care,Frank F., General Manager
okay, let's first establish that in the downtown Seattle area, prices are very high, and they charge and 'arm and a leg' for onsite parking...that is simply the way it is. and traffic in the immediate area is very congested.but this hotel is very nice, the rooms are spacious, clean and newly renovated, and the staff is friendly. what is more, the free breakfast is the best I have come across at any Spring Hill Suites anywhere in the country...the breakfast is better than the majority of Marriott concierge's lounges. we have previously stayed at the Courtyard on Lake Union...the Spring Hill Suites is a much better value, and a nicer overall property.We're happy you enjoyed the rooms and friendly service, Bill! You can always count on us for comfortable accommodations and tasty breakfast. We hope to welcome you back in the future. Thanks, Frank F., General Manager
Taking other posters' advice, we called ahead to request a room NOT on the interstate side of the hotel, and they gladly complied. We arrived late on a Friday night .. room was clean, quiet, and nice. Our room had a king size bed, jack and jill bathroom, pullout sofa, and sink, mini-fridge and microwave.Breakfast in the morning was great -- Saturday morning was a little busy, there were not enough tables for the quantity of people at breakfast so we had to take our breakfast back to the room to eat it -- lots to choose from: waffles, bagels, cereal, eggs, sausage, bacon, fruit, cottage cheese, coffee, tea, juice, milk.. Location was right off I-5, great for drivers -- my husband and I did alot of walking to see the sights and we decided it was almost too far to walk downtown or to the waterfront. We did it twice -- took about 25 minutes. Starbucks across the street (of course!!) , Subway across the street as well .. REI is less than 2 blocks away, a nice place to see closeby! Hotel bar closed at 11pm on Saturday night, seemed odd.
I got a very good deal online for this hotel and was really happy. The suite was massive, very clean and well set out and although i was in one of the rooms near the highway, i hardly heard it at all. On some reviews i had read that it was a little out of the way, but i found the walk into the main downtown area quick and easy, about 15 minutes and it is very close to the greyhound and the public transport to the airport. Breakfast was simple but effective, but it is rare to get it at all with deals so i was very happy with this too. Staff were helpful and friendly and i would stay here again if i got the same rate of 150 for sure.
Staff were not sympathetic after our train trip had turned to custard and we hadn't showered for 60 hours, we arrived about 11am to be told us no way can you get into your room early, 3pm is check in time okay fine we went away and came back a 3pmOur last evening at SpringHill we (all the 15 NZer's) decided to have dinner at Hotel, but were told can't do it, should have booked, the Manager got us into dinner a short walk away.Then we got back to New Zealand 2 weeks later the account was charged to our credit card when it was already paid for by our travel agent (who just happened to be travelling with us) Had the staff listened to instuctions this would not have happened. Come on Marriott pay your staff good money and we will all be happyDear kbeg2015,Thank you for your comments. Please accept my apologies for the dissatisfaction you experienced. Please contact me personally regarding your stay at 206 403 2271. I am sure I can help.Regards,
Very nice hotel. Clean, well appointed room. Great shuttle service. We stayed 2 nights before a cruise and were very happy here. My only complaint is that there was not enough seating for breakfast. But breakfast was good and there were plenty of food options. Would gladly stay here again.
I had a really hard time finding this hotel and there is little parking. If you park at the hotel you have to pay for valet parking. the rooms are nice and well laid out there's plenty of electric outlets for electronics. I did find a dark hair on one of the pillows and I'm a blonde, but the bed was comfortable.I'm happy to hear you enjoyed your stay, and were impressed with your room. It sounds like parking inconvenienced you a little, and I'm sorry about that. We're always happy to help you find parking when you visit us, so please feel free to give us a call next time. Thank you for this great review. I hope we'll have another chance to welcome you back to our place the next time you're visiting Seattle.All the best, Frank F., General Manager
This hotel is in a great location to walk to sites in Seattle. The room was small for a suite but was clean and comfortable. The layout of the room was kind of awkward and you could not lay in bed and watch the TV. The breakfast buffet was complementary and was wonderful. We were disappointed that the one and only night we stayed there the pool area was closed. I chose this hotel because it was downtown and had a pool. We were offered a shuttle to another hotel to use the pool there but that seemed silly.
This is a real nice Spring Hill Suites. The front counter staff is very well trained I left some suite cases here for a week as I was traveling around Washington when asked the front counter staff if I could do this Absolutely I said they are kind of large not a problem. The next morning when I went to leave them I explained to the lady the gentleman said I could leave them and shes like of course no one said let me get the manager let me see etc. etc. just an empowered staff to satisfy guests. I also had problem with the HVAC system upon check in they sent maintenance up within 10min could not correct the problem he apologized for the inconvenience and that I needed to go back down to the front desk to switch rooms, again front counter staff apologizing and the gentleman looked hard for the closest room on the same floor and finds one two doors down.As for other things the bar is good, great prices for hotel bar and do not remember ever seeing one in a Spring Hill Suites, breakfast is a little above average for this grade of hotel. Rooms for Spring Hill are on par and about what you would expect. Location is good depending where youre walking if you dont mind walking an extra 4-5 blocks from where immediate downtown hotels are to places like Pikes Place it is fine it is also a lot closer to what I think they call the area capitol hill again you need to be ok with walking since you walk up a big hill about three blocks and youre in a great area with many restaurants and bars and no tourists.You also get free use of 24hr. fitness across the street and internet. I did not have a car but think they charge for parking so just beware to calculate that in your budget. Would stay again when in Seattle.
Bring your walking shoes: 20 minutes to Pikes Place and 10 to the Mall. Great breakfast, pool, 24 hour workout facilities. Staff very helpful and professional. Recommend for business or leisure. One of the few places that offers 2 beds and a pullout for families.
I've been a fan of SpringHill Suites since staying at one off the strip in Las Vegas. We choose this one in Seattle because we've had good success with previous SpringHill locations. The hotel is about a mile away from both the Space Needle and Pike Market. We walked once from the Needle back to the hotel and it wasn't too bad of a walk (one mild hill.) The other times we took the free hotel shuttle which will drop you off and pick you up at these two landmark attractions. The neighborhood around the hotel isn't the best, but I've seen worse. We felt relatively comfortable/safe walking around the area and ate at the Pho restaurant one block west of the hotel. There is a Starbucks across the street to the South of the hotel but it may only be open on weekdays as it is attached to an office building. Compared to the hotels nearest the city's landmarks and downtown, the price of SpringHill Suites was less. The buffet breakfast (hot and cold items) was good, though it can get crowded. Luckily, the bar area provides additional seating at peak times and they will open the conference area for seating (if nothing is scheduled.) My only gripe is the cost of valet parking. It comes with the territory (in-city accomodations) and was quite a bit cheaper than hotels right at the city center but I still don't like to pay for parking. Very close to I5 with very good access to I5 South on ramp.This is a really great description of our services, David -- thanks so much for taking the time to share this with those looking into our hotel. I'm happy that you were able to make good use of our shuttles to see the city, although I wish the price of our valet parking hadn't been a disappointment. As you mentioned, valet parking is an inevitable part of city life, but hopefully our other services more than made up for it. Speaking of which, good note about our breakfast -- we can get a little busy, and it's a helpful note for fellow travelers. Hope to see you on your next trip to Seattle! All the best,Frank F., General Manager
We stayed one night and used the shuttle to get around! The front desk was helpful and nice! We needed a cell phone charger and they let us use one. We had breakfast it was free and good! I would stay there again. Room was clean and a good space for two of us. Bed was very good! I think the do not use fire sprinkler heads as a hanger holder was funny but I am guessing someone has done it!
Stayed here for 2 nights prior to going on a cruise. Based on the reviews, I knew that the hotel itself was pretty good, but I wasn't sure to expect in terms of its location.First off, the room itself is great. It was clean and spacious, which is good considering we were three adults in the room. There is a bit of noise to be heard from the highway at night, and while i'm not used to the sounds of passing cars when I sleep, I had no problem sleeping with this. I felt the water pressure in the showerhead is softer than what i'm used to, but again, it's not a big deal.The lobby is going through a bit of renovations, but is still a nice area. The buffet breakfast is great. Lots of different things to choose from and they even provide little bags or to-go packaging if you want to take any foods upstairs with you.All the staff we encountered were very warm and friendly, and we were always greeted whenever we saw someone.As for location, the hotel is not exactly in the heart of downtown, but it's easily accessible. It is a 20min straight-line walk to Pike Place Market (with a gentle up and down slope), and shorter if you're just hitting the shops. Of course, the hotel offers a free shuttle that leaves every hour to a few stops within the city and you make arrangements beforehand. So my big worry about the hotel's location was really not a big deal at all.I would have no problems choosing to stay here again in the future.
We lucked out with a groupon which included a bottle of wine each night and 25 dollars a day to spend at their restaurant. It was so inexpensive. The staff are very warm and friendly. Rooms are ok. I would give it higher rating if they could update the mattress. We enjoyed ourselves.
This property is nice and clean in an off the beaten path area of Seattle. If you're trying to book a room with a corporate rate, beware. I've been staying here just about every week for the last 9 months, and they still blackout corporate rates every chance they get. They refuse to honor customer loyalty, and make booking rooms here consistently impossible. They like to charge you more for the executive level, which is a load of garbage because they're just rooms at the top of the hotel with free cereal and water bottles. I'll be glad when I don't have to stay at this property anymore, just because of how difficult they make the booking process. I've had to stay outside the city and drive over 1 hour each way because they refuse to honor corporate rates at random times. The staff isn't great. it's almost like they have this attitude that they're a top of the line luxury hotel in Seattle, which isn't the case. Definitely wouldn't recommend this property to business travelers. If you're a family and can throw down some serious cash for an unimpressive hotel in a crappy part of town then go for it.Dear bpcole,I am so sorry that you were dissatisfied with your stay. Please contact us directly at the hotel. We can further discuss your experience. You may call us at 206 254 0500. Ask for the Manager on duty and we will be happy to try to make it right.Regards,
Both valet and check-in were staffed with friendly. Free continental breakfast. Room was decent and clean, furniture left more to be desired. Beds didn't seam up to that of Marriott's usual standard, a bit on the stiff side couch/hide-a-bed had many visible snags and bath linens were somewhat stained.
Hats off to the breakfast staff at Springhill Suites. I believe her name is Kendall, but what a smile she has that warms your heart. She made conversations with us every morning. The entire staff is very attentative to when items run out and they replenished them immediately. Also, the variety of breakfast offerings saved us money each morning and there was something for everybody - self made waffles, whole wheat bread, fresh fruit, and the coffee is to die for. Overall, a very pleasant stay. Inexpensive location if you are on a budget and have kids.
IntroductionAs I looked out over Interstate 5 from my hotel room during rush hour, I felt somewhat justified in heeding the advice of more than a few Seattleites, who warned of the citys congested roadways, and voted in favor of its public transit alternatives. Allow me to draw the curtains, however, because this isnt about the sights and sounds of Seattle (lovely though it was), but of the Springhill Suites, Marriotts 3-star offering located at 1800 Yale Avenue.ItineraryThe original plan was to take the link light rail from SeaTac airport all the way to Westlake Station, where I could then walk to my hotel of choice, the Westin. Since I had 50,000 Marriott Rewards points to spend, and would rather graduate to a 4-star hotel later in the week, I slightly altered the itinerary. After arriving and walking to the Westin, I found a taxi out front that whisked us (my girlfriend and I) nine blocks or so to the Springhill Suites. I believe the total cost of that trip was 7, including a tip. This was a somewhat nerve racking experience, as I wasnt sure how we would get to the hotel up until that point. More on that later.Lobby and Front DeskUpon entering the lobby, there were a few things to note. First and foremost the friendly staff, who provided room keys and a voucher for a complimentary item from their snack bar (or 200 Marriott Rewards points), all while addressing me with a proper title and a smile. I know its their job, but Im a sucker for hearing my last name preceded by Mr.. The complimentary snack may have been a result of my status with Marriott (due to the points or my Marriott Rewards credit card). On the way to the elevators I glanced over at the bar/restaurant (appropriately titled Bistro on Yale Bar) and examined a lively scene of music and people that seemed to reflect the younger culture of Seattle. What I mean is that a large portion of the people I encountered throughout the city were either younger or around my age (Im 27 at the time of this review). Room Location and ViewThe view was nice, and about what I would expect from a 3-star hotel. It was located on the 8th floor, and Im not sure if this was to satisfy some preferred floor requisite in accordance with my entry level membership status. If so, it seemed strange that I was located next to the elevator and on the side without the coveted view of the space needle (like Id seen advertised). I wonder if Gold or Platinum status is necessary to net these luxuries without question, or a simple request to the front desk accompanied by 20. My view looked down on the 1811 Eastlake Avenue housing project, but also included the REI building, another building that displayed the time and temperature (very helpful when dressing), and the freeway. The first of these was the most interesting, where I viewed two men casually smoking marijuana on the back patio (kind of a site when youre from one of the 46 contiguous states that have not legalized it).Room AmenitiesThe room itself appeared well kept and clean on entry. The peripheral furniture included a couch that turned into a fold-out, and a chair both were on the lower end of comfortable, but I wasnt expecting Hancock and Moore. As advertised, the room also included a mini refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker, and sink all the basics for an extended stay. They even threw in a few packets of tea and coffee (including decaf). Across from the kitchenette, and probably my favorite part of the whole room, was the office area. The desk was roomy enough to accommodate my laptop, power adapter, a few snacks, and the host of other things that had accumulated in my pockets throughout the day. The power socket on the lamp was also a simple yet appreciated feature. The best part, and the reason Ive wallowed on the office area this long, was the chair. I found myself able to sit for at least forty-five minutes comfortably. I wish I could say the same for the bed, which was a little too firm for my taste. After 8.5 hours of searching for the perfect position, the first morning was a little hazy. This restlessness wasnt limited to sleep, but also occurred while keeping my head at an 11:00 position to watch the televisionoddly situated in the space between the living area and bedroom. I see why they had to put it there, as the wall that led into the bedroom slanted inward into the bathroom area, but it still makes you wonder why the room was built this way. Speaking of, the toilet and shower were in a room across from the mirror and sink. A little peculiar, but both areas were clean. The hotel was also kind enough to purchase swiveling televisions (plasma, 32-inch) to partially accommodate for the strange viewing angles. As I collapsed on to the fold out (yes, the fold out) after my first full day of touring, I questioned whether the floors consistency would be preferable to the charismatic springs in my back. Surprisingly, I slept better on this coiled chassis than the real bed. I can only assume it was due to the quality of the comforter (dense and fluffy), my exhaustion from the night before, and the vast amount of walking that took place earlier in the day. Local AreaYou know the saying about real estate, and so does Marriott. Though 1800 Yale Avenue isnt in the heart of the city, the area in which its built has a distinct urban vibe that still offers plenty of comfort. I like convenience while traveling, so seeing a Subway across the street was a welcome assurance after a half-day spent walking around Microsofts campus. I did frequent this establishment more than once, but lest anyone accuse me of not absorbing the local food culture, I assure there was an undeniable flavor about the stores setup that merited multiple visits. The main eating area was quite large, to the point you could probably fit three to four regular-sized Subways in the space. There was also a hallway connecting this area to another equally-sized one (minus the ordering counter). Seating options varied from booths to round-tables (think Starbucks) and stool-tables. Also impressive was the lit fireplace near the round table I selected, which actually kept me warm. Come to find out, this space had been renovated by the owner to accommodate a local online retailer who would be occupying a number of floors above it in the future (you know them as Amazon). There was also a 24-Hour Fitness next door to Subway (and still across the street from the hotel). Nothing special there, except the complimentary guest access in addition to Springhill Suites own, smaller fitness room. This included the weight room and cardio areas, as well as the locker rooms and associated amenities. If weights or cardio arent your thing, the pool, sauna or steam room may still be worth checking out. The ShuttleBesides a room, what else did the Springhill Suites have to offer Did someone say free shuttle! But to whereand when I learned the answer to these two questions the hard way as I stood outside of Nordstroms after arriving at Westlake Center, overwhelmed by the incredible fall weather (central Texas gave up on the concept years ago). As much as I wanted to see Marriotts safe insignia whirl around the corner and transport me free of charge, the hotel representative I spoke with informed that the bus only ran until 9:00 PM. We had arrived at Westlake around 9:45, so we strolled among the yellowed leaves to the Westin for a taxi. **fast forward to the day of checkout** I glanced down from my window at the back alley, where I spotted the shuttle bus with its hood open. The driver was pouring fluid into one of the tanks, but I couldnt make out which fluid or tank. I consulted the front desk thirty minutes later to redeem a free shuttle ride back to Westlake Center, but was informed the bus was undergoing an oil change. I looked out the back window again to discover the hood had been closed and the driver had vanished. They called me a cab instead, and offered to refund the fare. I guess what Im trying to say is, I have no idea what the shuttle is like! All I can say is it exists, and it travels to Westlake Center and Seattle Center (according to the front desk patron). Food and DrinkOne of the sweeter alternative rock bands said, Some people drink Pepsi, some people drink Coke. In this hotel the assumption is the former, and you will find their vending machines on most floors (I checked while looking for a working ice machine), as well as at the front snack bar. This drove my girlfriend nuts since she avidly consumes Diet Coke, and contributed to the aforementioned Subway visits. Im not sure if the the bar or breakfast area had alternatives, because I never went or had orange juice, respectively. Speaking of juice, the continental breakfast included eggs, bacon, sausage, biscuits, cereal, fruit, and an assortment of pastries. It was all pretty standard, and while Im not versed in the culinary arts, I would rate the Hampton Inn or Embassy Suites a notch higher in quality. Still, free breakfast works for me! Business CenterLets delve into whats often thought of as the lobbys forgotten extension. This is the place that excites me most, partly because of my selected profession (IT), and partly because of my general curiosity about how its handled. Before I get too entrenched, Id like to note that the wireless network in my room was open and unencrypted. A few questions entered my mind about thislike what would stop anyone in the area from leeching off the networkor anyone with a little technical sense from stirring up mischief (and by mischief I mean remotely browsing through your stuff) The possibilities are truly endless, and I would be remiss if I didnt urge you to get your digital house in order before connecting to this network (or any others like it).We can start with a basic question, something along the lines of What does the business center offer Well, there are two desktop computers and a printer, so you could check-in for your flight or print your boarding pass. Maybe you need to print out tickets for a local attraction or event. In some cases, you might even need to make an emergency purchase (pizza delivery if Subway is closed). That last situation brings up another questionthe one about feeling safe enough to enter your credit card number. While I did perform an extensive preliminary analysis to determine if vulnerabilities existed, the thing that probably concerns you most is the safety of your information. It should be stated that information is never 100 private, and with enough ingenuity and time anyone can probably get to it (obvious lecture concluded). Lucky for us, most people looking for a free lunch just dont want to work that hard. For those few criminal masterminds, however, dont make it easy!To give a brief overview, I was able to turn on cached internet files, history, auto-fill, and form data in Internet Explorer and Firefox. While there was a program for detecting spyware (Spybot), there was no antivirus program present. I was also able to successfully boot from a live USB, which can potentially undermine many of the security measures put in place by Windows 7 (their OS of choice). On the plus side the firewall was on, the user account was not an administrator by default, and a program called Deep Freeze was installedwhich presumably removes all cached files between sessions. While some of these measures are good, it only takes one gaping hole to gain complete control of a machine. If there were a bottom line, it would be that personal or financial usage of these machines could make it easy.Fitness CenterNot too far down the hall exists the hotels own fitness center and swimming pool. I cant say much for the pool or hot tub since I didnt use them, but the fitness center contained two decent LifeFitness treadmills, one bike, one elliptical machine, and some free dumbbell weights. If the hustle and bustle (and meatheads) of the gym are too much for you, this modest area could be the perfect retreat to satisfy your cardiovascular or weight lifting needs. I would also like to note that right outside the fitness center is the nicest mens bathroom in the whole hotel. I said mens bathroom! I wont go into detail, but at this rate I imagine the womens restroom is actually a spa.Cleaning ServiceBefore leaving the Springhill Suites to downtown Seattles friendly, urban borders, lets talk about one last thing. While coming and going throughout our stay the staff were extremely pleasant, from the front desk clerks to the breakfast chefs. Even the maid was polite and cheery, something I found amazing. One strange thing, however, was that for the entire two-night stay no one cleaned our room. Im aware that some hotels offer a green option, where you choose not to have someone come in and clean in exchange for something like rewards points. To my knowledge this is not one of those hotels. We did hang a Do Not Disturb sign on the door, but removed it when we left each morning. It wasnt a huge deal (as were relatively clean people), but I imagine this could be an issue for say, a family of four with kids.ConclusionOverall I enjoyed my stay at the Springhill Suites, and would probably return if looking for a decent, 3-star hotel in one of Seattles interesting pockets. In case Subway and business centers dont pique your interest (I cant imagine), below are a few bullet points to consider: Pros:Friendly, professional staffNice view from eighth floor (out of ten)Room clean on entryExtended stay appliancesComfortable office chairDecent locationSubway across the streetFull complimentary access to 24-Hour Fitness ( also across the street)Free shuttleComplimentary continental breakfastFree Internet/printerQuieter, on-site fitness centerCons:Limited shuttle hoursVery firm bedOdd placement of televisionThin fold out bed with springy mattressPepsi-only propertyOpen, unencrypted wifiBusiness center machines potential for ID/financial theftRoom never cleaned throughout stayDear Ryan C,Thank you for staying with us and taking the time to complete a review of our property. We appreciate your business as well as your comprehensive feedback. We are glad you had a positive experience and we look forward to serving as your hosts again in the future.Sincerely,
I am a frequent business traveler to Seattle and decided to stay downtown. Convenient location, nice, clean room with two separate spaces and free breakfast. Very pleased with this hotel and will stay again when I'm here on business.
Great location to visit Seattle. Tour buses come to hotel as well as Shuttle Express and the hotel Has a shuttle of their own and will gladly take you to 3 drop off points. By the end of your stay you will navigate the city via walking. Hotel staff is attentive and helpful. The breakfast crew does a wonderful job and very friendly. Hot coffee and tea always available. Rooms are spacious just need a furniture update for living room and mattresses. They even have washer and dryer available to use with free soap just buy dryer sheets.
We spent a few nights in Seattle before heading up to Vancouver. This hotel is in a great location right off of I-5 and very close to downtown Seattle and all attractions (i.e. fish market, Space Needle, etc.). We walked pretty much everywhere. The hotel has very good valet parking. The service was very attentive and the room was very clean and spacious.Thanks for staying with us -- it's great to see you got to experience everything around us. I hope the rest of your road trip went well, and we'd love to have you stay with us again sometime soon. Safe travels, Frank F., General Manager
I was so pleased with this hotel! In an age where many hotels won't even give you a mini-fridge, Spring Hill suites gives you a whole Kitchenette including sink. The lobby is very modern and comfy, the staff is friendly and helpful, and the breakfast is one of the best free dining experiences I have had. 4 hot items in addition to standard cold breakfast fare, they even have Nutella. Sometimes when you travel, it's about the small things and a pile of bacon just hit that spot.It's awesome all of our amenities put us above and beyond other places you've stayed, Liz! I'm happy to hear even our small details, like Nutella at breakfast, impressed you. Looking forward to hosting you again when you're in Seattle!Until then,Frank F., General Manager
Location: I was there on business and my meetings were very close to this hotel. The location is great if your office is nearby. Downtown was close, location wise, this place was great for me.Room: I stayed in the executive suite and I believe the website said this room can accommodate 5 people. I really doubt that, with a queen size bed, one long couch and little room to place extra mattresses, I would really doubt that this is capable of fitting in 5 people. The rate was exorbitant as well, I understand it was close to the US open and cruise season but was definitely very costly for such a suite. Definitely scored low on the value for money bit. I may have come in at a busy time. Lost one star on account of this.The room itself was nice enough. the view was okay. Office buildings on one side and the highway on the other. Comfortable bed and clean linen.Noise levels: I did not find it particularly noisy even though my room was next to the roads. Service: Service was decent as well. One of the days, however, I returned to my room with my door left open, blocked by the door stopper. That was unsettling, especially given that they don't have a safe in the room as well. Breakfast was included and it was average. Scrambled eggs, hash browns, pan cakes . The usual stuff really. Nothing to write home about. The breakfast area can get crowded in the mornings. They ask you to sit at the individual seats near the bar during breakfast which is fine if you are alone but with family, you may not get the tables you want.They place some tasty treats in the floor lobby in the mornings and evenings. That is a nice touch and at times better than the actual breakfast. Apparently, they do it only on the exec room floors though.The room service and reception are responsive and helpful. Other pros: They have a subway bang opposite. They also give you access to a 24hour fitness gym that is opposite as well. Would I come here again Very much so, primarily because I am likely to visit Seattle on business and it is extremely close to my offices.Would I come here with my family I doubt it. Doesn't quite make that cut.Dear GowriShankarTS,Thanks for the comprehensive review of our hotel. We are so glad you would stay with us again. We look forward to serving as your host when business brings you back.Sincerely,
Ok, so I was hoping for more. They offer a car service which took 45 minutes to get us even though they track flights. Once we checked in , our toilet in the room had blood stuck to the ring. Now after complaining, we got moved and credited points.. so that was a plus. It was about a 10-15 Uber/Lyft ride to the main areas. STaff was nice, bartender was awesome, and the upgrade was helpful. I would not stay there again based on proximity.Miranda, I appreciate you writing us. We work very hard to make sure our guests get to and from our hotel in a quick and safe manner. Though, at times, traffic can impede our abilities. I'm glad we were able to move you into a more comfortable room. We're happy to offer guests the convenience of a shuttle to central attractions. If you happen to stay with us in the future, the team will certainly help you take advantage of that. -Frank F., General Manager
After reading reviews I felt this would be a good location for us for our adventures in Seattle. Here is what we found:Our room was small, dark and on the Freeway side of the Hotel. We felt it would be ok because we weren't planning on spending a lot of time in our room but after not sleeping for 2 nights because of the noise I wished we had requested a different room.The area is VERY seedy, even in the day time. Just next door is an area where people gathered to do drugs and just hang out. We were very nervous walk around the area at night. We witnessed people shooting up in broad day light. We seemed to be in their territory.We attempted the shuttle to the ball game, it was leaving 2 hours pre game so we opted to call a taxi that didn't come. Luckily we were able to flag a cab a block away and just made it in time for the beginning of the game.Staff was accomodating, valet was great, breakfast was ok, better than most hotels with free breakfast.familyofthreexyy,Thank you for choosing Springhill Suites Seattle Downtown and for sharing your comments regarding your recent stay. We do understand that some guests are light sleepers and we are always happy to accomodate requests for alternate rooms to meet the needs of all guests. The activity near an adjacent area you described is concerning and I invite you to contact me directly to discuss in more detail. We appreciate your kind remarks abour our friendly staff, valet parking and terrific complimentary breakfast buffet. Thanks again for sharing your thoughts, we hope to see you on a return visit to Seattle.Regards,Aaron
My wife and I decided to take a vacation to Seattle. Apparently, the entire population of North America had the same idea. The closest I could get to downtown was this SpringHill Suites. I wish we'd just chosen another city or another time.The suite was small, as with all such hotels of this sort, but was clean. As other reviewers have pointed out, there was some noise. The breakfast was excellent. The bed was hard as a rock and the pillows were abominable--even the replacements we asked them to give us. Free internet access was nice. Our main problem--it was a half- to three-quarter mile walk to any really decent restaurant. And the walk led through a questionable neighborhood. I was negatively impressed by the location, and would not stay here again.Oh, yes. We had a car (parked at 20 per night), but parking in downtown Seattle is a proble,, and quite expensive.
Located strategically next to the I-5 you can get to anywhere from here. That being said, you can hear the I-5 all night long! I loved the breakfast stations located next to the elevators on each floor. Their complimentary breakfast buffet on the main floor was also above average. Very sleek and modern with friendly staff.The street noise isn't typical of most of the rooms, so it's disappointing to learn it was noticable for you. We want your room to be a relaxing escape from the hum and buzz of the city. About the rest of your stay, I'm excited you loved the breakfast stations. It's all about the little things that make trips stand out. Keep us in mind for your next stay in Seattle.Until then,Frank F., General Manager
The room was plain and small, but it did have 2 double beds and a sleeper sofa. Valet parking was 16/night with in-and-out privileges. The walls were thin and we could hear the guests next door late at night. I was on the odd-numbered rooms which do not appear to face the freeway, so I did not hear traffic noise.The complimentary continental breakfast had bacon, sausage, scrambled eggs, oatmeal, breads, yogurt, fresh fruit, cereals, etc. Not bad for complimentary continental breakfast.Overall, it was an okay stay. Maybe spending 5 days in similarly priced hotels in Vancouver and Victoria Canada raised my expectations and the Springhill Suites did not compare favorably to those in Canada.
I stayed for a combination business/vacation trip with my parents. The location was convenient to the highway, but a long (if doable) walk to the main Seattle attractions. The lobby was nice. Breakfast was good, and the breakfast staff was nice. The room itself was pretty mediocre. I noticed mold in the bathroom, and the carpets were old. The room could have used more storage/drawers for clothing and personal items. Front desk staff was pretty bad. They didn't seem particularly willing help me when asked. My parents stayed a few days later and had terrible customer service from a front desk employee, so that has further detracted from my opinion of the hotel. I would not stay here again.I'm very sorry to hear about your disappointment with our service, Christina. That's not the experience we strive to provide our guests, so I'll be looking into what went wrong during your stay so it doesn't happen again.Regards,Frank F., General Manager
The good news: the front desk folks couldn't have been nicer and the lobby is lovely. The free buffet breakfast was well above average. Fresh, hot, and plentiful, with pleasant serving staff who moved quickly to keep the tables and serving area clean. It was an easy 10-minute walk to the Convention Center, which was very convenient. Now the bad news. The bedsheets were scratchy! I can't remember the last time I stayed at a Marriott property with scratchy sheets (I almost always stay at Marriotts). Worse, my room sounded like it was in the middle of the Interstate - the truck and car noises started at 3 or 3:30 a.m. and woke me reliably. Other than that, the room was arranged well, with a good, well organized work area.megrey,Thank you for taking the time to share your thoughts about your recent stay in our hotel. We appreciate the kind words about our complimentary breakfast, convenient location and exceptional staff. Thank you also for the feedback regarding the bed sheets in your room. Our hotel is actually very close to completing an upgrade to higher thread count bed linens. Once complete, all rooms will offer the same quality linens that you enjoy at full service Marriott Hotels and Resorts. We understand that with our downtown location, street noise can be a factor and we sincerely hope to welcome you back on a future visit for a more restful night's sleep. Please request a quiet room and our staff will go out of their way to place you in a room that will contribute to an excellent night's rest.Thank you again for choosing SpringHill Suites and for sharing your experience.
Stayed here Jan. 25-28 for work. The room was very spacious and well appointed. The separate living area with sink, microwave and refrigerator is great. I have family in Seattle who came to visit me and the four of us were able to spread out and relax. The bathroom arrangement is good with the sink and vanity separate. There was some freeway noise, but for me it was more like white noise didn't bother my sleep at all. I did not have to use my ear plugs. The bed and linens were very comfortable and although the hand towels and face cloths were a little thin the bath towels were nice. The breakfast is ample and the all day coffee/tea bar is a lifesaver! The business center is also well appointed and the in-room wi-fi was reliable. The location worked great for me. I needed to be at the Convention Center and it was a 10 minute walk. Finally, the staff was very friendly and helpful. I forgot contact lens solution and the front desk did their best to find an 24 hr drugstore and ended up directing me to a nearby convenience store which was short walk from the hotel. I would definitely stay here again.tntpdx,Thank you so much for sharing these kind remarks about your recent stay in our hotel. We are thrilled that you had such a positive experience and look forward to your return!Warm Regards,Aaron
The SpringHill Suites Seattle is a nice clean hotel. The staff was very helpful and efficient. The rooms look exactly like the pictures. The location was ok. I would suggest looking at a map before heading out around town. There is a free shuttle provided by the hotel to the two major attractions in town (pike's place market and the space needle), but instead of waiting we just walked. Not many restaurants near the hotel, but many a short 15 minute walk away. We stayed at the hotel for one night before departing on a cruise. It was perfect for that short of a trip. I would definitely recommend the SpringHill Suites to anyone looking for a slightly larger hotel room at a reasonable rate.So glad you could check us out while you were in Seattle! I hope you enjoyed your cruise. It sounds like you got to do a little sightseeing before you left, and I'm happy the market and the Space Needle made your list. Good note about the shuttle, by the way -- it's always available if you need it, but walking is a great way to see the city, too. Until next time,Frank F., General Manager
This was my first stay at this Seattle SpingHill Suites and it was amazing from the moment I arrived. The staff was friendly and eager to help me find my way around the city and get to and from the Seattle Convention Center for my convention including their free hourly shuttle to various sites. The morning breakfast buffet offered plenty of popular hot food choices and there is also plenty of sitting areas for just sitting back and relaxing with your morning cup of Java or tea. Having the self service laundry on-site was a real time and money saver! The hotel even provides dryer laundry sheets for you if requested. The restaurant and bar were worth staying on property for, well at least for some of your nights. Obviously you want to explore as much of Seattle dining and wining as you can while in the city. I highly recommend this hotel for business or pleasure, with or without families. I definitely recommend and will return to this hotel. Hope you enjoy it as much as I did.
Hotels in Seattle are very pricey. We chose this based on lower price, and a little further away from attractions. We actually ended up walking everywhere, being within one mile of any attraction we wanted to see. The room was comfortable and large. Adequate wifi. Bathroom a bit dated but clean. Breakfast has many options, with great coffee, but was very crowded. Being close to a freeway, which you do hear, the hotel provides a white noise machine in the room, which we used and helped sleep somewhat.I'm very grateful for your review and support. It's great everything from our prices to our amenities and breakfast work for you. The team is looking forward to welcoming you back! -Frank F., General Manager
I normally stay at the Residence Inn right on Lake Union but they were sold out of government rate rooms this past trip so I hopped over to SpringHill Suites since it wasn't far from where I normally stay. I might actually like this hotel a little better. The rooms aren't quite as nice and there is no free happy hour snack time but it's a lot easier to get around to stuff downtown. There are a ton of restaurants within walking distance (over by Amazon). I'd prefer to self park instead of valet park though. The rooms are nice enough and they have a mini-fridge and microwave.Carolyn, I'm thrilled that you enjoyed your stay with us! I know there are a lot of choices around this area, so it's great for me to read that we impressed you. We'd love to have you back for your next trip to Seattle -- let us know when you're coming back!Safe travels, Frank F., General Manager
I do quite a bit of travelling and this has to be one of the best value one can get for Seattle. Perfect for families or extended business travel. An excellent staff that aims to please, a downtown location, extra large rooms, and the better than average breakfast....you can't go wrong.Staff. Each and everyone sent their best with a greeting: all the valets, each and every front desk clerk, 2 house persons, and the breakfast staff. Service is top notch and this means management is doing a great job.Large Rooms. The suite had an extra large living room with a sofa that can seat four. A small kitchenette was equipped with a frig and a microwave oven. The bathroom set up was convenient as the sink is outside the bath for functionality. The queen bed was firm and I had the best sleep of the entire week. It is downtown so you have the usual downtown noise but I did not find it bothersome.Downtown location. Convenient freeway access. It is literally a turn and a stop light away from the on ramp to I-5. Across the street was a Subway restaurant and 24 Hour Fitness. Across the corner was a good size Starbucks. Within 5 to 10 minute walk are your downtown selection of cafes, thai food, pizza places and more.Breakfast. I think this property offered just little bit more than the competition when it came to selection. You have 2 types of scrambled eggs, 3 types of meat (Canadian bacon, sausage, and ham), a wider selection of pastries, a few types of breads, oatmeal and cereal, multi juice dispenser, jams/jellies. I was also able to build a cold sandwich with ham and 2 different kinds of cheese. You can also make your peanut butter or nutella sandwich. The staff also bused and cleaned the table after each patron.Fitness facility. There was a pool but I didn't see anyone using it. I saw the staff maintained it daily. The gym was smallish but adequate. It had 2 treadmills, one elliptical, good selection of weights, a weight bench, towels, exercise mat, and a water fountain.Other amenities. Bath amenities were Paul Mitchell. WiFi was strong in the room, lobby and restaurant. You had 2 desktops for internet or printing boarding passes. I appreciated the lobby offerings of coffee, tea, and infused water dispenser.Cons. Some nuances: it is a bit dated but still well maintained. The WiFi seemed to drop off while I was at the Gym. I did not see an exercise ball. I can see where some folks may have issues with the noise being close to the freeway and downtown. I didn't have this issue but perhaps one can ask for earplugs. I was in Astoria, Oregon where the seals nearby bothered some guests and the hotel offered earplugs.I think this Springhill Suite by Marriott is definitely the best value one can score in downtown Seattle. I would highly recommend and definitely will return given a chance.Thank you for taking the time to let us know about your visit! We're thrilled you enjoyed everything form the large suites to all of our many amenities. You can always count on us for friendly and attentive service -- our mission is to do whatever we can to ensure you have a comfortable stay. We appreciate you recommending us, and we hope to welcome you back the next time you're in Seattle.Take care, Frank F., General Manager
Hotel is ok, rooms are nice and big. They have a full fridge, dishwasher, two flat screen tvs and two elements for cooking. Also, plates, pots, pans, ect. It's quiet. Free breakfast. Had an issue with the parking, below is part of my email to Marriott. I initially bid on a one night stay, after successfully winning the bid I was prompted to extend my stay. I was happy to do so after reviewing the location of the hotel, the free breakfast and most importantly the free parking. Because of the two separate reservations, I had to re-check in again for the second night, no big deal. When checking in for the second night I was asked if we had a car with us, which we did. We were informed of the 23 dollar parking fee. I mentioned to the front desk clerk, that it might be on file that I have an email from my successful bid that clearly states the parking was free. (We had the same issue the first night of check in, but I just showed my email and the free parking was granted) The front desk manager Jill took note of the situation and jumped in. Saying very loudly, No, NO, NO! You Priceline People do NOT get free parking, never! It was a little embarrassing to us, that we were being referred to, actually we were being yelled at for using Priceline for our reservation. We mentioned the free parking was one of our main reasons for extending our stay for two nights. Again we were reminded that us Priceline People do not ever get free parking . I asked if I should run up and get my phone (which had the email indicating free parking) to which Jill replied at a much louder voice than was required (since I was right in front of her) yeah, but it wont do you any good, Priceline People never ever get free parking. And then something to the effect of Id like to see this email. As I walked away to get my phone and my wife waited nearby, Jill continued to rant about the situation right in front of my wife as if she wasnt standing there. This was getting very embarrassing for the both of us as there were lots of customers around because the morning breakfast was just wrapping up. I returned with my iPhone, showed the email, free parking was granted, although not without a few extra snarky comments from Jill. No apology, no thanks for being patient, no sorry for the confusion, nothing. Also, worth noting that we were put into a room without a balcony, not sure if that was further punishment for using Priceline. It clearly indicates online that all rooms have a private balcony. If your hotel wants to treat Priceline guest different than other guests, you should probably not make your hotel available to be booked through Priceline.Dear sir,I am very sorry that your experience at the Residence Inn Seattle Lake Union was not to your expectations. I have contacted Priceline to ensure that our information is correct for future travelers. Though it doesn't appear that you were treated this way, I'd like to assure you that guests who book through Priceline can expect the same level of guest service that we pride ourselves on providing to all of our guests. I would like to have the opportunity to speak with you directly about your experience and anything I can do to make it right for you. You can contact me at (206) 624-6000.Thank you for taking the time to provide your feedback so that we can continue to improve in the future.Carl AntonGeneral ManagerResidence Inn by Marriott - Seattle Lake Union
Good rate/price for Lake Union - Seattle. Right now, it is hard to reach this hotel due to the street construction. But, we finally made it. Got into our room early which was nice. The rooms are a little dated,,,but were clean. Front desk folks were very good and treated us nice. Gave us a room overlooking the lake. Funny thing,,,I wanted to comment on the bed being too soft,,so on the day we departed, I noticed a new mattress ready to be installed in our room sitting outside the door!!! Breakfast was adequate to good. I do not know, but hotels with free breakfast just don't cook good scrambled eggs!! :( Good coffee though, after all, this is Seattle!!Overall,,this Marriott hotel needs some renovation,,,but pretty good place to stay,,,I would stay again.
Views from the studios include the lake, wooden boat center and museum, marinas, and Westlake hillside. Nice in daylight, sparkling at night. Quiet on 7th floor. Love the peace of the lobby waterfall. Nice pool.Disappointing this hotel does not participate in the Residence Mix evening receptions during the week. Ordered salads from the available menu and were disappointed, not as described, not good.Reception staff was very helpful and accommodating to our needs.Dog friendly with good grass areas behind the hotel and bags provided.Second stay for us, would stay again.Thank you for sharing your feedback and I apologize for the issue with the salads you ordered were not what you were expecting. I will look into this and make sure it was an isolated problem. Please contact me directly and I will see if we can do something about the restaurant charge. Cheers!
Great location for quick access to downtown transportation. Close to the Space Needle, PSC, Chihuly Glass Museum. Good breakfast! Nice to have a suite with children. Also nice to have 2 rooms to spread out.Dear BSjhwolfe, Thank you so much for staying with us. I am glad that the larger room and convenient location worked well for you and your family. We hope to see you again the next time you visit Seattle! Sincerely, Ryan N General Manager
Even though there was construction going on around the hotel, it was not a problem if you are not driving. Took the trolley that runs in front of the hotel, and got off at westlake center at the monorail station. Took the monorail to the space needle. EASY. Then came back to the monorail station and walked to the market.Had a 2 bed 2 bath room. Very nice. Best breakfast buffet. This was our third hotel in a week. Started in Sacramento, to Lemoore then on to Seattle. Would stay again.
the rooms were clean and comfortable and we were lucky to have view of the water. The rooms had everything we needed, wifi was the best anywhere we have stayed around the world and the staff were very helpful .i thought it was a European thing having dogs in hotels and resturants....really didn't like sharing my meal with everyone's pets.Thank you for the great review. I love to hear that our internet is the best in the world! I am sorry that you were surprised by the pets in the lobby. Residence Inns are all Pet Friendly hotels and we do a special deep clean in those rooms that have hosted animals.
First -- a little background. We decided this summer to do a 10-day driving vacation, starting in Seattle, then Vancouver, Banff, Glacier National Park, Yellowstone, Grand Tetons, Jackson Hole, and ending in Salt Lake City. As the date for our flight to Seattle drew closer and closer, my work deadlines were keeping me from making reservations. Finally -- with about a week to go -- I turned to tripadvisor.com, read the top hotel reviews for our key stops, then made my reservations. As those of you with more than four in your family (we have five: my wife and me, plus two teenagers and a nine year old) know, it can be a real challenge finding suitable accommodations that don't leave someone sleeping on a sofa or on the floor. Almost without exception, our hotels were real winners, with a couple real gems, and just one clunker. And no one had to sleep on the floor.As it turned out, the Residence Inn Seattle/Lake Union was a very nice place to start our vacation. The location was good -- close to Interstate 5, but close to downtown Seattle as well. It was easy to grab a cab downtown (didn't want to hassle finding a place to park our rental car). We had a spacious and clean 2-bedroom suite on a high floor. Nice and quiet -- just the way I like it. Only negatives were that we had a south-facing room -- over an industrial building and away from Lake Union (would have enjoyed a lake view much better) -- and the hotel's parking lot was hard to get in and out of with our humongous GMC Yukon XL rental car, and hard to find spaces later in the day (we ended up parking on the street because all the spaces were filled). Overall, however, a good experience -- four out of five stars.
12/24/12 This property is top-notch. Crisp, clean, staff outstanding. Pool area, laundry, exercise facilities. Rooms well appointed. All mattresses have now been replaced as of this week. Bid for the room on Priceline for 70.00. Well worth it. I was really impressed. Desk staff perfect. Teas and coffee in the lobby at all hours. Breakfast bar well stocked. Eggs, potatoes, condiments, assortment of pastries. Parking is 20.00. But, if you arrive after 6p, you can park along the street, as long as you plan on moving by 8am. Or, if on Sundays or Holidays, no charge for street parking. Construction going on on the streets, but not a big deal. Streetcar right in front of property to take you a few blocks into town. LOVE LOVE LOVE this property! Thank you guys. As a former Marriott manager, I can tell you that you got it right. Cudos!
We stayed for family reunion prior to cruise. Nice location, while not downtown, very convenient to trolley or just a mile walk to Seattle Center. Great to have wi fi and breakfast included. Also laundry facilities and pool/fitness center. Good dining very close by. Hotel is a little dated and only had one working elevator (for 7 floors). But overall great service!
Our pre-cruise stay at the Residence Inn was all we had hoped for more. Great rooms in a high-rise type hotel overlooking Lake Union, just a short walk from downtown. Open balcony halls overlooking the lobby area. The staff was wonderful. The daily breakfast very fresh tasty. The evening reception was wonderful. Management opened 2 large balcony suites with party size balconies for the wonderful 4th of July fireworks over Lake Union. If we ever travel back to Seattle, this wiil be our home away from home.We highly recommend it to all.
It has been awhile since we last stayed a this hotel. We found many upgrades and re-designed spaces. It was stylish, comfortable, with thoughtful touches like power outlets at lobby tables for keeping laptops and cell phones charged. I loved the breakfast burritos! Our room was attractive, spacious, and comfortable. I would prefer softer pillows, but I may be unique (neck issues). We will stay here again!
The staff at the front desk was not friendly nor were the people at breakfast. The only person who was friendly was the house keeping lady who I pointed out the water leaking into our bathroom from the room above us. The ceiling was being damaged and was damp. I wanted to make sure somebody knew about it because the folks at the front desk didn't seem to care.Thank you for your honest feedback regarding your stay. I am certainly disappointed in our team for leaving you with an impression of the hotel that is anything less than outstanding. If there is any specific information you can recall about your stay I would love to hear more so we can resolve the issue moving forward for our future guests. Please feel free to contact me directly at the hotel.
Staying at this hotel on business, every week I need my folio sent. 90 days later, the same person at the front desk Janelle, is a mean and nasty person. I have a dozen other co-workers staying here as well. She treats everyone poorly. We are tired of writing letters, and will all be finding other accomodations for December. You'd think after 3 months she would at least do the work. She thoroughly enjoys being difficult. DO NOT STAY HERE IF YOU NEED ANY ASSISTANCE. Sad how one person can soil an otherwise decent experience.Thank you for your feedback regarding your experience, and for speaking with me on the phone last week. We have a great staff and so the review certainly caught me by surprise. I have personally addressed the person you mentioned and I can assure you that she had no intention of disrespecting you, and only wanted to help with the special billing arrangements. Please accept my sincere apologies on behalf of our team, and thanks again for bringing this to my attention.
The train is right in front of the hotel. Take this to go to Pike's Market, unless if you want to walk for 30 minutes. This hotel is across the water, so make sure to request your room to be on that side. The interiors are dated 80's to 90's style. Be prepared to pay for parking.
We brought my elderly mother-in-law to Seattle for the weekend. The hotel was perfect for our weekend events. We were able to pull right up to the front door to unload. The room was absolutely perfect. It was big clean. We had a 2 bedroom unit which was perfect for privacy yet allowed us to be nearby. The bed was super comfortable we loved having 48flat screens in each room. The room was bright sunny we enjoyed being able to open the window. We requested a shower chair it was promptly brought to the room. Breakfast was great I was able to bring a tray of healthy options upstairs too. We enjoyed the work out facility it was bright clean had all of the equipment that we usually use. The location was beautiful easy to get to. we can't wait to stay again!Thank you for your feedback. It is so nice to hear that you enjoyed our hotel and were able to use our amenities as well. We look forward to your return visit.Kind Regards,
Hotel clearly exceeded our expectations: Room nice and clean, breakfast reasonable variety, gym well equipped, location at Lake Union with a couple of nice restaurants, downtown easily reached by streetcar, really nothing to complain about at all. Staff was friendly and helpful. I think this hotel is a great find in Seattle! Some may argue the location is a bit off, however, I beg to differ: Not sure I would want to stay downtown Seattle, which gets a bit deserted at night. All in all a great experience!Thanks for sharing your wonderful feedback regarding your recent stay at the Residence Inn on Lake Union. We love our little spot on the lake here and especially enjoy all of the great amenities surrounding the hotel for our guests to enjoy. Cheers!
We were in town for the Dog Show at Centurylink. The room was clean. We did get a little bit of free time and were able to hop the street car to Pikes. We were also there during the time change and they left us a letter to change the clocks. We had dogs in room so they didn't do it for us. The actual bathrooms are small but everything else was great. The tubs did not show any sign of mold. Just AWESOME but what do you expect from Residence Inn. :)We only had the breakfast on Sunday morning and can you really go wrong with Biscuits and Gravy. :) There were a ton of other healthy options too.
4 of us stayed in a 2 bedroom suite from 5/11/17 to 5/16/17. The staff was awesome, everything was spotless and the rooms perfect. Loved The Market as we got in late and loved that we could get a bottle of wine. The only reason I don't give 5 stars is the dining or lack there of. Very surprising that a hotel of this size doesn't have room service and food (besides breakfast) is only available from 4pm-10pm. And the free breakfast...not good. Watery eggs, dry (turkey) sausages, extremely dry Canadian bacon and no real bacon! There was cereal, yogurt, waffles different bread products, and strangely, Thai curry soup with rice every morning. Where are the biscuits, gravy, bacon Washington is still in the US, right There are no close breakfast options either. Thank you for your feedback, I'm glad you enjoyed our hotel and our staff and we hope to see you again in the near future.Kind Regards,
We spent 14 nights at this property on a business trip. I really can't of anything negative. Maybe the desk chair could have been a real desk chair. The Lake Union location is not convenient for downtown where my wife was working but she was ok with the 1.6 mile walk and the hotel has a flawless shuttle system to take their customers back and forth from the downtown area. It runs like a bus line with specific stops at posted times. The staff was very pleasant and efficient. The Wednesday night manager's reception was the nicest of any residence where I have ever stayed. The is a small indoor pool with a whirlpool and a sauna. The fitness center is not great but better than average and certainly functional with all the equipment and cardio machines in good working order. Our room was very comfortable and quiet. The televisions were kind of chinsy but that's normal. The bed had the upgraded mattress and bedding that is now found in most Residence Inns. The housekeeping staff were pleasant and efficient. The property is attractive with a nice atrium and is well maintained. The breakfast is pretty much the same as every residence inn with the exception of better coffee (Starbucks) and a better than average presentation. Some people will like the location and others will find it difficult. There are plenty of nice restaurants on the lake but not much shopping and the shuttle stops running at about seven so there is a transportation issue if you want to go to dinner at a restaurant on the bay or downtown. We were comfortable walking but we walk a lot and we were lucky with the weather.
Fantastic location. Great rooms. Great staff. Breakfast, which I normally cannot eat because it's usually so unhealthy, is actually edible at this Residence Inn. All the typical fare, but also the extras to include cinnamon for your oatmeal, fresh strawberries, walnuts, coconut shavings, dried fruit, etc to top the oatmeal. They even have a nice selection of teas which are normally missing from the feeding trough type breakfasts included at the moderate level hotels. Gym is large, with plenty of good quality cardio machines and strength training stations. Not the best hotel gym, but very good. I will return.
Stayed 3 weeks in a two bed suite. Location was perfect. Just off I 5 so very easy access. Lake Union in front of the hotel. Walking distance (20 min) from the space needle, EMP museum Chihuly garden. Rooms were good size and clean. Bathrooms were very small. Got a good rate even with 30 per day for parking. Staff was friendly and helpful. Tram line was just in front of the hotel so that was great for going to downtown considering the price of parking there. The problem we faced was the breakfast. They don't change the menu so imagine eating the same thing everyday for 3 weeks. They could easily change the menu and have different items. The other problem was housekeeping. They wouldn't keep enough toiletries. We were 5 people and they use to keep 2 tiny shampoo bottles in the 2 baths which was hardly enough for 2 people. We did complain so the asst. manager herself came with a lot of bottles and also apologized. However same thing happened again and again. Also my wife's night suit went missing, we did report it but was not found. Overall had a great time with some glitches and will definitely recommend for long stays and i hope they improve the breakfast.
Very friendly staff at this facility. From housekeeping to front desk everyone is very helpful and nice. Management is doing a good job!The room is very comfortable, well furnished and the amenities are very good. Housekeeping is very attentive and accommodating when requests are left for them.The breakfast buffet is good considering it is included. The light dinner / snack is less attractive, but it is free if you need a quick bite to each in a pinch.The lobby area is comfortable for quick meetings. The lounge area with a fireplace and large TV is good for relaxing if you don't want to be in your room by yourself.The pool, sauna, hot tub and workout room are well maintained and equipped.I'll be staying here next time I'm in Seattle.
From the moment we walked in we were welcomed by staff. The rooms were well kept we were given plenty of supplies. The location was well suited for our business, fun, nightlife. We wish we had a better view, but you can't have everything all the time.If we happen to be back in this area we will return here.
This has a great location, easy bus trip, cheap cab ride or even walking distance to downtown and Seattle center. It's right on the lake, the staff was SUPER friendly, and you have a full suite in every room (full-size fridge, dishwasher, stove, oven, etc.). We were in the process of moving overseas, so this literally was our home for a few days. The gym was small but adequate, a small pool and hot tub were nice, laundry was easy to do, overall it was a great choice for us! Plus, you get breakfast every day and M-W, they have a light dinner.
We were in town for a family event and stayed in a 2-bedroom suite, which was more of an apartment than a hotel room. 2 large bedrooms and a spacious living room, along with a fully functioning kitchen area that many apartment dwellers would be...More
We have stayed at this hotel several times, and came back most recently in April. The hotel dcor / interior was remodeled and is up-to-date! The staff are very efficient and friendly, the hotel is clean, and dog friendly! The one-bedroom suite is the perfect size for our family, clean and spacious, the continental breakfast is good, and we love the openness of the interior of the hotel! We had a room with a view and a balcony, very cool, I suggest getting a balcony every time! On-site, self-park, garage parking is perfect! It's easy to get to places downtown - but we usually drive.Hello and thank you for your great feedback! Nearly all of our rooms have a small balcony which is very unique in the city and allows our guests to enjoy the fresh Seattle air. We look forward to hosting your next stay in Seattle!
Stayed here for two nights. The Residence Inn exceeded expectations in all areas. Twice as large as a regular hotel room. Have living room and complete kitchen on one side and king bedroom and bathroom on other side. What more could you ask for Free breakfast and evening heavy snacks included. Internet streamed fine. Our room was quiet. Bathroom not the largest ever, but I believe that we had the smallest configuration available. Would definitely stay again. Great value!
From the outside the hotel is not very impressive, however walk inside and you are in for a nice surprise. Nice lobby! Very nice rooms and include a full kitchen. The hotel has great decor and friendly staff. Location is good. Although not in downtown it is surprisingly close (walking distance) and from there one can take the monorail to attractions such as the space needle. Hotel has a pool, gym and a game room, although we found the pool to be a bit small and somewhat murky. The breakfast is continental and very basic (like you would find in most other hotels) and the WiFi, although free, was quite slow.Dining: There are a few restaurant across the street, near the bay, they are good for a quick bite but I did not find them to be very impressive. You can get to the business district via short walk and they have more choices.Overall I would recommend the stay if the price is right. I would entitle this hotel with top marks is they had something better than average like the pool, wifi or restaurant. It just falls slightly short of the 5* mark.Thank you for sharing your feedback about your stay in Seattle. We are delighted that you enjoyed the Residence Inn and it sounds like you were really able to experience the best of the best in Seattle. We apologize that our swimming pool was feeling under the weather for a day or two, and I assure you it is back to its beautiful oasis like setting. Thank you for choosing Residence Inn and we hope to see you again in Seattle!
We stayed 1 night here before our cruise to Alaska. That night our rooms were not great, back of the hotel facing another building, noisy.On our return we were upgraded to a suite ( the layout of which in my opinion was odd and not efficient in its use of space), facing the Lake.Breakfast: was a bit messy, but had an abundant of food on hand. Hours of operation was a bit limited as it ended at 9AM, a bit early for vacationers. Otherwise service was good.Laundry: was servicable with sufficient machines.Housekeeping: was okay. we were able to communicate with most of the housekeeping staff due to language barriers.Front Desk: was efficient and friendly.Location: while outside seattle, transportation was available and quick.Would go again.
This Residence Inn, like a few others I have used in the past, is due for a decorating update. BUT if you can look past the dated decor, this place is a GEM.The room was fine with an outside balcony overlooking the lake, a full kitchen, and bedroom with bath. And housekeeping always left us extra coffee packets as requested, maybe because I always left them a 2 bill as a tip.Breakfast was ample and well attended by staff. And front desk were always informative and helpful.The LOCATION was the perfect and allowed access to downtown and I-5 by car or public transportation.Thank you for sharing your feedback. Are your comments about the dcor directed more towards the rooms, or the lobby area Or both Have a great day!
We stayed here as a family. It's expensive but the accommodations are first class. We had a two bedroom suite with a mini kitchen. The location met our needs to a T. There are restaurants, grocery stores and attractions within walking distsnce. It has has an exercise room, a coffee bar and taproom on premise. Public transportation is right outside the front door. My only complaint, ie-dissapointment, was what I thought was an outrageous charge of 30 per day for using the parking garage. To me this was an exorbitant fee for an already expensive hotel stay. Otherwise I was more than completely satisfied. Thank you for your fantastic feedback. We look forward to welcoming you back to Lake Union someday!
We just got back from a Princess Cruise to Alaska and stayed at the Residence Inn Pre-Cruise and loved the staff and hotel, we stayed again post cruise. We had a two bedroom two bathroom suite my wife and I shared with her two sisters. The rooms were seperated by a Kitchen and living room area. The hotel was extremely clean and the staff was exceptional. We had never been to Seattle before and Mary, Susanne and Eric were always there to help us with our sightseeing questions and needs. The fist day we walked to the space needle and then took the monorail to downtown Seattle and Pike's Market. We then took the streetcar back to the hotel. We had a reservation at another hotel post cruise, but cancelled it and went back to the Residence Inn. They have a great breakfast in the morning, free Wi-fi in the rooms, and it is right out the door from Lake Union, great restaurants and the marina. The hotel rates were reasonable and we just can't say enough about the city, hotel and the staff. We'll be back!
My family and I stayed at this hotel for our niece's wedding in Seattle.The hotel is great.They serve a very nice buffet breakfast everymorning.The rooms are clean and have a mini kitchen with everything you may need if youwanted to cook a meal. dishwasher, microwave etcAcross the street are many great restuarants...one is Duke's Chowder housewith a nice view of the marina. The food is fantastic.Another great restaurant was Bluwater Bistro. Excellent food.The hotel has a town car that can transfer you to the airport for 35 or 40 dollars instead'of taking a cab. by the way Seattle has one of the best TSA screenings for aiport security I was impress..... They are the best.The hotel is only a 15 minute walk to the space needle. You can take the trolleyfor two dollars if you dont want to walk which is only a one block walk.The internet is free and if you just want to print your flight boarding pass... thefront desk has a computer for just printing boarding passes.It's a great hotel that is close to everything.
I have stayed ere several times. The rooms are spacious and quiet. THere is minimal noise from the surrounding area. It is a bit far from downtown. The morning breakfast has always been very godd with a lot of choices. The workout room is smallish with limited equipment but there is a dry sauna and nice pool area. THis is a solid hotel and it is no wonder it is busy each time I go there. HINT: park on the surface streets behind the hotel and save the parking fee. THe front desk actuallt suggestd this and it worked fine.
Called several days ahead to make sure we had lakeside.Was told maybe but to check early on the day of our stay. When we arrived we were told not a chance. But we would have a room with a view of the space needle. What we got was a street level room with a view of a six story building behind the hotel. We were later moved to city view seventh floor. Breakfast was warm to cold. Wi fi on the other hand was very good. But not for 300. Edgewater is a little more but worth it. Terry from PortlandThanks for your feedback and I apologize for your frustration with your room. We upgrade guests to the lake view rooms when possible but the only surefire way to guarantee a lake view room is to reserve one from the start. I am sorry if this wasn't fully explained at the time you made your reservation. Our views of Lake Union are amazing!
Our king suite was spacious and well decorated, much better than many Residence Inns in which we have stayed. Location is great with the South Union Streetcar, Museum of History and Industry, the Lake Union shore, and several good restaurants within a short walk. Breakfast is excellent with lots of variety. The atrium is gorgeous and is a great place to have breakfast. As for a room with a view of Lake Union since the back side rooms look out to a parking lot and an ugly highway.
Stayed on the second floor in a king suite. The rooms/lobby feel a little bit dated, but the location and amenities make up for it!Princess greeted me when I checked in (with mobile check in) and was absolutely phenomenal. We had requested a room with 2 queen size beds, but they were booked up, so we made due with the pull out sofa.So nice being pet friendly, we had our companion animal with us and he was comfortable as were we!Nice pool/hot tub area. Parking spots were tight, but manageable. Breakfast was well stocked and very top notch. Some dust on the fake flower arrangements near the buffet, which would be my only complaint about breakfast. Tortillas to make breakfast burritos, standard eggs/meat/cereal/waffles/yogurt/bread station, etc. (no potatoes, which was surprising)The pizza restaurant was great as well. They told us about 2 hour wait, but felt like only 30/45 minutes, and they were good size pizzas, not what I was expecting!Overall, 10/10 stay. Would definitely stay here again!
I have stayed here a couple weeks and am very impressed with place. The reception area is nice and they have on-site, underground parking (), but given the crummy Seattle weather, that works real nice. Rooms are excellent and, if you stay on the lake side, you get nice views. Typical Marriott quality. Breakfast is really excellent. Evening receptions are also very nice. Really, no downsides except the expensive parking, but if you are a biz traveller, no Biggy. I plan on staying here for a good long time.
Stayed here with my family over Spring Break in a 2-bedroom suite. Great location, right on the Street Car Line with easy access to downtown and Space Needle. Staff was very pleasant, and hotel was clean and beds were comfy. Breakfast was ok - free and ample, but not the tastiest. Worst thing about the hotel (and it's not really that bad) was the coffee.
This is not a fancy hotel, BUT, it was the CLEANEST hotel I have ever stayed in, in the USA. Even with the kitchenette in the room - the entire place was sparkling. We cooked in the room and did not miss any tools. We bought basic groceries for one dinner and Washington wines at Safeway. The hotel offers free grocery shopping service. The complimentary breakfast is wonderful - truly something for everyone. I hit the yogurt bar, the oatmeal bar, and the hot buffet over the course of a week. My husband went for the Thai Green Curry and Rice every morning. Hot beverages are available around the clock.The staff was friendly and helpful.Public transportation is close, but we opted for Uber rather than take our rental car - parking around town is pricey.
Nice hotel overall. Rooms are suites with a pull out couch, thus good for a family with chidren. Includes a kitchenette. There are lots of things to do near by, within walking distance of the hotel. and always Seattle a nice city.
Traveled to Seattle from South Carolina to visit family and friends, and to see the sights. Since there were four of us we picked the Residence Inn for its location and room size. After a long cross-country flight and cross-city taxi ride, we arrived at the hotel after midnight. Although I had been told previously that the hotel was completely booked, we were immediately offered an upgrade to a larger, more accommodating room, which I accepted. My fault - I just assumed that the offer was at the same price I had previously agreed to pay for the original room since I was not informed otherwise. It was not. An email alert received after we were in the room let me know exactly how much my card had been charged,which was quite a bit more than the reserved room. Not the hotel's fault I was tired and should have been more attentive, but at that point it didn't matter. We appreciated the larger room, especially the second bedroom.The included breakfasts were excellent, the front desk personnel were extremely efficient in helping to book the two escorted tours we took, and, since we were expecting to get some exercise, the location of the hotel allowed us to walk to the Space Needle and upper downtown areas without too much complaining from the teenager. The exercise room and the indoor pool were both used. The close proximity of the REI flagship store (an easy walk) was a plus.We ate at four of the restaurants within walking distance of the hotel (two on the lake) and enjoyed an after dinner walk around Lake Union just across the street. The room was great, the extra space was definitely a plus, and the location was convenient. Overall, a good experience.Thank you for choosing the Residence Inn for your visit to Seattle. We are delighted that you enjoyed yourselves!
We stayed in this hotel few times, and we enjoyed it every time during our stay! Great location, Walking distance to all our favorite restaurants. Rooms are clean and spacious. One time we were upgraded to the Corner Large Suite, we love it so much, thanks indeed! The buffet style hot breakfast are great and all staff are friendly and professional. A special thank to Adam Schweikl who assisted our bookings for few times already.We will celebrate our 25th Wedding Anniversary at this hotel this October. We look forward to our upcoming stay - Robert Kat PateraThank you for your feedback! I'm so glad Adam was able to assist you with your bookings, you enjoy our great Lake Union area and you shared your Anniversary with us. We look forward to seeing you the next time you are in Seattle!Kind Regards,
This was a great hotel because of the feel of a small one bedroom apartment. We took full advantage of the kitchen and bought groceries for our three nights there. It is walking distance w/in great restaurants (right across the street!). And now that the Trolley is up and running, you can take that to the Seattle Center and Downtown. They have a stop right in front of the hotel! Very convenient, esp. when the free hotel shuttle bus stops running in the evening around 6pm. The staff were all pleasant from the time we came till the end of our stay. The bed was very comfortable w/a feathered pillow top. There is a controlled heating and cooling system in the room. The only prob. w/that is the noise. But it really didn't bother us. Parking does cost money but there is free parking in the back of the hotel. There is meter parking that's free after 6 and free all day Sundays. The free breakfast in the morning was excellent. They offered the usual breakfast foods (home made waffles, eggs, sausage, oatmeal, cereal, yogurt, fresh fruits, etc.etc.).It was a great stay and I would definitely come back!
This was a clean friendly hotel with amenities which were nice. Very convenient to three wonderful restaurants - walking distance across the street. Would definitely recommend this hotel and will stay there again when in Seattle, WA
We stayed here for three nights on a friends trip to explore Seattle. The hotel is in a great location and we were able to walk to rent kayaks on Lake Union and to great restaurants and bars up the street. An Uber ride to Capitol Hill was quick and cheap. We had a one bedroom suite and since there was three of us, one slept on the pull out couch. The inconvenient thing about the room was the bathroom being located IN the bedroom which was awkward to use at night when people are sleeping in the bed. Also, there was no garbage in the bathroom area which was annoying for two ladies getting ready to go out. The bed was very comfortable and the room was clean. The front desk was very helpful when we needed to store our luggage before check-in because of early arrival. I ate a salad from their restaurant one night and it was only okay, however, the breakfast was very good with lots of hot options and a waffle bar. Overall for the value, I would definitely stay again.Thank you for staying with us and leaving such a wonderful review. Cheers!
We just returned from a 3 night stay and were very pleased with the customer service. The guest reception (Mon-Wed) were fantastic for our family. Great items that could substitute for a light dinner. Breakfast was also great for our family although my husband was a bit tired of the same menu by the 3rd day. Distance to the Seattle Center were very nearby, especially helpful if you are taking one of the ferries. Staff and front reception were very accommodating and thoughtful. They noticed we were checking in with our younger children and were able to find us a room very near the pool. Now that's hospitality! A note to pet owners - they allow pets! We would definitely stay here again! Just a note: parking is 19/day and pretty standard along Seattle Center. You have to pay for parking everywhere you go. Pool area is rather tight with an awkward lay out and very little seating. Whirlpool was being renovated and not working while we were there. They also had a sauna and small kiddie pool.
We are a family of 5 travelling from Australia. We have 3 children 15, 13 and 11 year old. We booked and stayed in a 2 bedroom suite. One room had a king bed that was very comfortable and the 2nd bedroom had 2 double beds. There was a sitting room with a couch that had a double bed in it. The room also had a kitchen with a small table. This area was not very big but we were not bothered by this as we were out all day. The hotel has a complimentary buffet breakfast that was great a good variety. It also had an inside heated pool but we didn't get the chance to use it. The hotel also had a laundry which was good, as it saved us from trying to find a laundry mat. Our room was not facing the lake and we didn't have any views but it was quiet which is what really mattered to us. We also had a hire car which we had to pay for parking. We walked from this hotel to the Seattle Space Needle and then caught the Monorail downtown. There was also a tram/bus outside the hotel that took you downtown. Overall we liked this hotel and thought everything was quite accessible from here.
We stayed at the Residence Inn Seattle Lake Union July 5 to July 8, 2010. RESORT CHECK IN: We arrived at about 11:00 AM. Check in is at 4:00 PM. They had a room available and check in was quick. We had a rental car and parking was in the lower level for 23.00 per day.ROOM: Our room was on the 7th floor 7023. There was a kitchen with stove, refrigerator with ice maker, microwave, toaster, coffee maker, dishwasher and stocked with all the utensils. The bedroom was separate with a king bed, bath with tub and shower. Two nice flat screen TV's with cable in the living room and bedroom. The couch in the living room converted to a bed. The patio had the view of a side street and had no chairs. There were lake view rooms at additional cost. I called the front desk and asked for chairs and they were brought up promptly. The room had WIFI internet and worked great. The AC worked great. Everything in the room was very clean. Housekeeping was excellent.BREAKFAST BUFFET: Included with your room was an awesome hot breakfast buffet from 6:00 am to 9:00 am in the main lobby. They served scrambled eggs, sausage, potatoes, fruits, waffles, breads, doughnuts, juices, cereal. There were 3 newspapers first come first served.LOCATION: This hotel is in a great location. There were many restaurants within walking distance. Across the street there is a marina and a sea plane company where you could take a ride to see the area or take one of their scheduled flights to Canada. Mass transit to downtown Seattle is right in front of the hotel.FITNESS CENTER AND POOL: There is a small Fitness Center which had treadmills, elliptical, bike, weight machines, and dumbbells. You will find a small pool next to the Fitness Center with Men's and Women's locker rooms. Both are located on the 3rd floor.HOTEL: All employees were very friendly and helpful. The hotel lobby is an atrium with a waterfall. Everything was very clean inside and out. The front desk has a computer you can access your airlines website and print out your boarding passes.THINGS TO DO: Visit the Pike Street Market in downtown Seattle. Go to a Seattle Mariners game at Safeco Field. WEATHER: The weather was absolutely fabulous. Three days without a cloud in the sky. Record breaking temperatures in the 90's. SUMMARY: The Residence Inn Seattle Lake Union is an excellent hotel. We will certainly stay here when we return to Seattle. Email me at blueeyes1952yahoo.com if you have any questions.
Planned last 4 nights of a month long vacation for this property. Wanted some quiet space to just relax, organize for the trip back home. Called ahead to confirm would have room with good view as planned to spend time in room enjoying. Terribly disappointed when arrived (Fri - 5 PM) to look out to view of street and parking lot. Immediately asked for another room -- they refused to change as said they were going to be full -- but it was obvious many many had not checked in yet -- could have changed, but did not want to bother. Furnishings were dingy, room hot - had to replace thermostat in room second day returned to room one evening after long day in city to find room had not been cleaned. Just over all - not what you expect as a loyal Marriott Rewards member. Do not recommend this property.
Good hotel and beautifully decorated. The faucet in the bathrooms needs to be addressed and I know the hotel is aware of it. The spout sticks out way to far splashing water every where but the sink. So you pretty much have to just barely crack open the water. Have been coming to this area about twice a year for... More
