I spent a week at the quality inn suites in Palm Bay while visiting friends. I learned something new. The king size bed suite is cheaper than two queen beds. The room was on the top (5th) floor they kept the room clean and neat. They had laundry facilities on site (pay washers and dryers) computers to use for boarding... More
Just spent the weekend at Buchanan Landing..LTD time Florida at its best! Clean, well equipped serene and on the water...what else can you ask for Gorgeous sunsets, smart fish and personal pelicans! We will be back!
Check-In: Buchan's is boutique and is family owned. Check-in consists of walking across the street to the corner market and signing a little paperwork before being presented with the keys on a keychain. Service: Not a whole lot of need for service, but overall the property owners were very nice and accommodating. Room: I was a little nervous about the... More
Our family stayed here for one night after a hockey game. The hotel was super clean, right off the interstate, and was located around a few restaurants. The staff was wonderful also. We definitely would stay here again.Thank you for five star review! We are so happy you found the hotel to be super clean and the staff to be wonderful! We look forward to seeing you in the future!
This was a very nice and clean property. The staff was very accommodating and the evening cookies were great. Also, at least for my visit coffee was available any time I wanted some and the cookies went well with a nice cup of coffee! The free hot breakfast was good with srambled eggs, saugage/bacon and assorted fruit and bagels. Overall... More
We have stayed at a Hampton Inn several times because we are family of 5 and it is accommodating. Since the rate is usually between 125 and 200 you get what you pay for. This time we definitely DID NOT GET WHAT WE PAID FOR. Because it was Easter weekend, we were charged 350 per night. What we did get... More
Amazing Time! Friendly and Relaxing Hotel! My family and I felt extremely comfortable at this hotel. The front desk workers were very kind and helpful. The room had plenty of room. Will definitely be back again.
Great place to stay! I was only needing a one night stay to go shelling on Sanibel for a day, totally satisfied with the accommodations! Breakfast was satisfactory, had a nice pool area, very close to the causeway over to Sanibel Island. Very clean.
The Hampton Inn in Fort Myers Beach was wonderful. It was quiet, had a nice pool area and the lobby was quite large. We arrived and were upgraded to a suite! The staff was very friendly and helpful, Great suggestions for food and events.
Very clean suite breakfast selections in the mornings we're awesome!! Including the waffle maker!! Fresh baked cookies every evening!! And the staff EVERYONE that I came in contact with for my week stay was alway pleasant and smiling faces and very helpful!!!
Everything was great. Highly recommend staying here. Staff was accommodating. Room was extremely clean and comfortable. Complimentary breakfast had a variety of choices. Everyone loves the waffle maker. Overall stay was outstanding. Will definitely return.
We enjoyed our stay here, made it easy to go to fort Myers Beach one day and Sanibel island the next. Minutes away from shopping and dining. Great price for the location easily get to anywhere you want to go.
Great stopover for the night close to airport. Very clean with all amenities. Pool much smaller than in picture but adequate and prettily landscaped and very clean. The complimentary breakfast was very nice with sufficient choices to satisfy any family including waffles, fresh fruit, yogurts, pastries, and eggs and sausage
Convenient to beach, off beaten path, close to restAurants and shopping. Clean, quiet, helpful staff. Great job Javier! Would definitely come back. Breakfast adequate. Fresh fruit. Good coffee. Dining area clean. Only downside was loud ac and the duvet was thick enough for a blizzard.
The staff is very courteous and helpful. I recommend this hotel for anyone who needs a nice out of the way place to stay. It is a convenient location. Near a trolley service to the beach and a big Walmart close by. I have family living nearby and always stay at this hotel when visiting them. I stay here at... More
We were greeted by a friendly staff member, that had us in our room in a very timely manner. We arrived late to stay the night prior to boarding the Key West Express in the A.M. We also made this our stop for our return from Key West prior to heading back on the road to our home, again we... More
The location is very close to Key West Ferry. Rooms were very clean and well supplied. Nice pool area. The staff is extremely courteous and welcoming to ferry customers. Breakfast starts at 6 AM which gets you on your way early for boarding.
My husband and I stay here every year on our way to key west. We really enjoy the laid back vibe of CPI. We love the staff, especially Tracy, who always remembers us and makes us feel welcome. The property is peaceful. Great sunsets
We love the Coconut Palm Inn and have been visiting for the past 3 years. What we love most is the staff, amenities, and peaceful atmosphere. When you arrive, you are greeted with a coconut run beverage -- very yummy!! There are paddle boards, kayaks,...More
We found hair in the tub, we found bugs in the bed, we had a gap in an old suite door that you could see other room and they could see us. the people whom stayed next to us had two very large and loud barking doors. when we called about the issue we got no reply until we made... More
We stayed here for two nights before our cruise. The room was clean, comfortable, and spacious. The staff was highly professional and courteous. The Hampton Inn breakfast is always delicious. This was a wonderful place to stay before sailing. The only down side: although there is a convenient parking garage, parking fees are extra.
Disappointed that the hotel charges guests for parking. Check in on the sixth floor. Desk on the first floor is for information to tell you to go to the sixth floor. Breakfast is consistent with the hotel chain. Drink cards in place of cookies is a nice perk.
This hotel has become our regular place whenever we visit Miami. It's a short walk to the Metro Mover, trolley, Publix supermarket, and many restaurants. Love the convenience of having the sink outside the toilet/shower room so more than one person can get ready at a time. Special shout out to Jorge at the front desk for making us feel... More
Picked this hotel based on location and reviews from Trip Advisor. The weekend was two ball games at Marlins Park with the Cubs. Perfect location for the ball park. Eight minutes away by car and close to Metro if you want to go by train. The place is clean and the breakfast buffet is quite extensive. Great sports bar next... More
Great room which was done very upscale way.The furniture was of the highest quality and made the room feel homely.Property looked beautiful from the outside and was located near some trendy restaurants.
This hotel is almost brand new and in a very trendy area of Miami. Very nicely appointed hotel with a very nice bar and pool on/in it. Some staff particularly the front desk and door staff was great. Disappointed in housekeeping and breakfast staff who generally wouldn't speak to you even if you spoke to them. Internet also didn't work... More
Great Hampton in Brickell. Have stayed numerous times and has always been a wonderful hotel. Highly recommend for the location, cleanliness and the extremely pleasant staff. Welcoming and friendly. Can't wait to go back
Just returned from a cruise, which included 2 nights in Miami. Lobby is on the 6th floor, close to many restaurants and bars. Rooms were nice (on the smaller side), bathroom bigger than most hotels. Ask for a room on a high floor since there is much traffic in downtown. Breakfast was included and is your typical Hampton's breakfast a... More
Very clean! Staff very friendly , helpful, accomodating. They have a shuttle to Cruiseport for small fee. Good breakfast. Great restaurants only two blocks away - recommend by front desk staff. Check in is on sixth level. Great hotel all the way around!
I stay regularly here in Brickell and the hotel and staff never let me down. The hotel is right in the center of Brickell, next door to the bars and restaurants. The metro rail and transit line are at the end of the road and the train to Miami airport takes 20mins. This is a great place for business and... More
This hotel and its staff are truly amazing. The art is funky, fun, tropical and all real! Rooms are young, hip, yet classy! Front desk treat me consistently like I am royalty. Stayed with this property two times in the past month for business.
I was lucky to find this hotel that was very close to the hotel, which i was taking a 2.5 day review course for my certification. It was very upbeat in its decor and our room was quiet, clean and comfy. I traveled with my family so free breakfast was a plus so that we could fill our bellies until... More
I stayed here recently on a business trip to Miami and was very pleasantly surprised. This is a step up from most Hampton Inn's I've stayed at in the past. The location is great if you need to be in the Brickell area. It's right near 13th and Brickell. The rooms are comfortable and the free wifi is great. The... More
Very well served while I was there. Enjoyed my stay. Great time food, amenities, close to metro system and airport. I would recommend to any of my family and friends. Hilton honors was a plus in helping me register.
Very nice one night stay at this hotel! Stayed on the Elite floor (15). Hotel and room was extremely clean. We were given 4 drink coupons at check-in to use until 11pm. However, the bar closed at 10:15pm because the bartender was sick and no one else was there to fill in for her. In the room, there were snacks... More
We booked this hotel based on the excellent reviews. We were in Miami for 2 days prior to our cruise and we found this hotel to be everything we were promised and more. Located right near the people mover metro station so it's a convenient walk without the need for a taxi. We arrived at 7:00 am because we were... More
Great Location near metro mover station, Nice accommodations within walking distance to many attractions. Room was plenty big for 3 people staying. Staff was very accommodating to our requests. Would recommend this place to others.
Only stayed one night before a cruise. But, clean, friendly staff, helpful staff, accessible, well located, and a hotel that recycles!!!! Comparable pricing to anything in Miami. Do wish all elevators were working...takes a while to get one.
I was pleasantly surprised with the extremely professional staff I met at Hampton Inn Suites by Hilton - Miami Brickell Downtown. Eduardo Chapoval, General Manager, went above and beyond duty accommodating my needs by upgrading my room in a busy 4th of July weekend. Every member of the hotels staff from housekeeping, concierge, restaurants and front desk were very... More
Good location, nice large clean rooms with all comforts, adequate breakfast but most importantly wonderful staff!! Service and friendliness were excellent. This was a good location before our cruise with convenient and inexpensive shuttle to cruise terminal. Only wish we had gone out to a restaurant (some good ones nearby) for dinner, nearby pub was noisy and food so so.... More
My wife and I stayed at the Brickell prior to our cruise on NCL. We were first impressed with the staff...Victoria at the front desk was absolutely charming and helpful...a nice way to start a visit. To add to our satisfaction, George the consignor was very courteous and attended to getting our transportation to the cruise line the next day... More
This hotel was great, we loved the location-close to dining, shopping and publix. It is also very close to the metro-rail which is what we took from the airport to the hotel! It is 2.25 a person! Such a good deal and we were to the hotel from the airport in about 20min including our walking time! In the morning... More
I booked four rooms eight months in advance at this Hampton. The location and the hotel itself were very nice. We arrived early and checked with the front desk to see if our rooms may be ready...even though we knew check in wasn't until 3. They advised they were not ready, no problem, so we went shopping and ate lunch.... More
This hotel is very nice, check in is on the 6. Floor. It was a bit unusual....it sit atop a parking garage. I use say it was a bit unusual, but you park on the 5. Floor and take the elevator up to the 6.floor. check in was fast and the personal there was very nice. We received 2 free... More
For 3 years we have cruised out of Miami and for 3 years we have stayed at Hampton Inn and Suites, Brickell. It was fabulous on our first visit and it remains fabulous for each visit since then. We consider no other hotel in Miami! The rooms and beds are wonderful and the staff outstanding. A wonderful, incredibly varied, breakfast... More
We stayed 2 nights at the Pelican by the Sea Motel. We were in town for the Seafood festival which was only a short 10 minute walk from the hotel. The room was very clean with plenty of extra pillows, towels, soaps etc. The only reason I did not give a 5 star rating is because the A/C would not... More
Extremely clean rooms, even in the corners! The owners obviously take pride in the establishment and our stay there was very relaxing and pleasant. The room itself was a bit on the small side and there was no breakfast included, however with the fridge and microwave this wasn't a problem to buy and reheat something ourselves. The price was excellent... More
Although an older facility, it is spotlessly maintained and very well equipped, with microwave, fridge, coffeemaker and newer TV in our room. Staff was friendly and efficient. Close to dining and shopping and a quick trip toward the beach. Only drawback is road accessibility, and if you are coming off I-75, take Jacaranda Road to Center road, but do NOT... More
I am from Miami and used to go to the Sand Bar lounge (which is no longer there) when a lot younger. This accommodation is what you would expect from a motel of the 50's. Clean enough, terrazzo floors, and furnishings were just barley suitable. Over all (considering rate) we enjoyed. Beach front and nice pool.
This was our second visit to this beautiful resort. It's island decor, accommodations and relaxed environment are wonderful. Beach views spectacular! Unfortunately our visit was cut short because of Hurricane Irma but management and staff support and consideration were truly appreciative. Will definitely return!
The room was tiny and there was nowhere to sit in the room except for the beds and 2 small chairs. One chair had a cigarette burn on it and the other chair had a stain that looked like skid marks. The sheets were clean and the mattress had good protective pad. The weekend breakfast was what you would find... More
The room was tiny and there was nowhere to sit in the room except for the beds and 2 small chairs. One chair had a cigarette burn on it and the other chair had a stain that looked like skid marks. The sheets were clean and the mattress had good protective pad. The weekend breakfast was what you would find... More
We stayed at the Best Western Orlando Gateway Hotel from September 8-14 2015. This was our second time at this location. The first time we stayed here was October of 2012. This was a family trip for two parents and an adult autistic child. This...MoreDear Guest, There are reviews and then there are reviews! I appreciate you taking the time to thoroughly review your entire stay with us and I will certainly pass your comments on to our staff. I was very happy to read that we met all...More
good place, the shower didnt work in 603. Didnt report the problem due to the fact my partner and I were only staying a night we unexpectedly extended our stay and they told us the room needed new furniture and they updated us to a...More
We ended up with a hotel we were extremely unhappy with so we went here and they were so kind and caring. They went WAY out of their way to knock down the price and upgraded us to a VIP room so we were as...MoreThank you for your review and I was glad to see that we were able to make your stay in Orlando a pleasant one after it got off to a rocky start. We do hope to see you soon and am glad that we will...More
If you're looking for a hotel that won't break the bank on your vacation than this is it. We got two rooms for four nights and it was just about 500. It is a very basic hotel with only a few amenities (fitness center, and...MoreDear Ajar S, Thank you for your review of our hotel after your recent trip to Orlando. We are one of the few hotels that offer a tennis, basketball court, two spa's along with a large fitness center, game room and swimming pool. I am...More
The staff couldn't have been nicer and the price was fine (no charge for parking too), but the bottom line is that there was black mold all over the bottom of the walls, around and in the air vents of the place were food is...MoreI certainly apologize that you had an issue with our restaurant cleanliness. The Food and Beverage Director and I will certainly be inspecting the areas you spoke about and take care of any and all issues we find. Thank you for the kind comments regarding...More
I plan to stay at this hotel again in the future when vacationing in this area. Close to Universal Studios, Wet N Wild, Florida Mall, and the airport. It was clean and comfortable for a great value of less than 100.MoreDear Michelle, I was glad to see that you enjoyed your stay with us and that you would return. I will pass your comments on to our staff. Thank you for your review and we hope to see you soon. Sincerely, Bill Jones, CHA General...More
Walking distance to International Drive, Wet and Wild and Universal. Lots of activities and restaurants nearby. Has pool,jacuzzi, and basketball court. Booth in lobby to buy attraction tickets. Has restaurant on site.Dear Jane, I am glad that you enjoyed your Slumber Bash. Our location is the perfect starting point for everything there is to do in Orlando. Thanks you for your review and we hope to see you soon. Sincerely, Bill Jones, CHA General Manager
The location of the property is great. Universal is like 4 blocks away. It was nice to relax next to the outdoor pool after a day of running around. The quality of breakfast items was also nice. The price was very nice, I don't know...More
we were here April 6 to the 10. this was my second time staying here. traveling with kids age 23, 25, 28 and grad kids age 8, 5 and 2. we had 2 rooms. the rooms were clean and enough space for us. pool area...More
It was an okay distance from Universal Studios, to far to walk but was a short cab ride. Around 8. Lots of restaurants and an outlet mall short cab rides away. Pool and hot tub area is great. Staff super friendly and helpful.
Could not believe how inexpensive this hotel was! We used the refrigerator and made breakfast in our room. Very economical way to see Universal...just remember you need a ticket to ride the shuttle or you will be making the 1.3 mile hike to the park:)
The hotel in located in the center of the action in the city half way between downtown and the theme parks. Close to organic food markets and plenty of shopping. For the price you cannot beat this hotel and location. I would recommend it to...MoreDear SeanLong, Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel. I appreciate the positive comments and am glad that you enjoyed your stay and would recommend our hotel. I hope that when you return to the east coast and Orlando that you will...More
One of the best hotel experience I have had. Since I traveled for a living for 33 years, I know hotels and expect the best, and this was the best. Parking was free for guests, lobby was spacious and inviting, room had two double beds,...More
I needed to find a very budget friendly place in Orlando for a long weekend. I was very afraid with what I was going to get, but for the price, I was happy with it. It was spacious and clean, and the location to Universal...MoreDear Laura R. Thank you for your recent visit to our hotel and I appreciate you taking the time to review our hotel on tripadvisor. I will pleased to see that you enjoyed your stay with us and found our rooms to be clean and...More
If you are looking for the bare minimum this is the place to go. Be prepared to pay for the internet even when they say its free 3.50 day. They dont have cable either, they have 26 preprogramed channels. They had a great pool and...More
Our Florida trip started out with 2 nights at the Best Western Plus Orlando Gateway. The hotel staff was very friendly, the rooms were clean, the bed was comfortable and the pool and 2 hot tubs were great and the price was right!. We were...More
The Hilton Miami Airport Blue Lagoon is a nice hotel to stay. Very close to Miami airport, a few options to eat nearby, comfy rooms, good gym and the breakfast was the best part of my stay. Looking forward to having that breakfast again :)Dear AleP219, Thank you for taking a moment to share your experience. I am pleased to hear you found our hotel and amenities to your liking and you enjoyed our breakfast, which is top notch and always fresh. We are thrilled to hear about your positive experience! We look forward to welcoming you back to our hotel in the not too distant future.Sincerely, Emily Varela Guest Service and Engagement
This property is extremely close to all the Disney Parks and main Marriott hotel (on property). Location, Location, Location. The overall property is very good and the staff is outstanding. Unfortunately our initial experience was very rough but the property management took accountability, immediately fixed the issues and followed up repeatedly to ensure our satisfaction. My family checked into the three bedroom villa on December 26th for seven days at Disney World. The overall layout of the room is excelled and we enjoyed the screened in porch overlooking the golf course and pond (ducks included). Upon arriving, the villa floors were filthy, carpets stained and bar stools worn to threadbare state. We've stayed at many Marriott Vacation Club properties over the years and experienced beautiful, clean and new(er) villas. The cleanliness of our villa was out of the ordinary. I called the GM, Eugene, and he immediately brought his staff to our villa to assess the situation and offer apologies. He committed to having all fixed by the time we returned from Magic Kingdom later that day. Eugene and team came through with grace and excellence. The room was deep cleaned, carpets shampooed and furniture replaced with brand new pieces. The Vacation Club staff treated me and my family like Diamond status owners the rest of the week. Eugene and his team turned a situation into an experience we will never forget. Well done!Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback. We apologize for any inconvenience you experienced upon arrival but it is great to hear Eugene and staff were able to resolve the issue swiftly and to your satisfaction. We hope you will join us again sometime soon.
Our golf group decided to visit Orlando again this year. We stayed here from November 1-10. As a Marriott Associate from Niagara Falls, we were able to receive a discount. I still would have paid the rack rate at this property. Our three bedroom unit was perfect for us. We had all the amenities of home. We cooked in our unit about half the time and even used the BBQ twice. Supplies for beer and groceries were nearby. We found the Marriott staff to be helpful and very courteous. Hawks' Landing Golf course was a short drive by shuttle and very convenient. Other courses such Grande Pines were close as well. The facilities were first class. The unit obviously had been renovated with new counter tops, kitchen cupboards, marble in the bathrooms, and new appliances. The balcony overlooked a large pond with plenty of wildlife there. Each room had its own flat sreen TV. The only down side is the analog reception and no GOLF CHANNEL. The small pool area and hot tub next to unit was great. There is also a large pool area as well. Our group agreed that we would love to come back to Marriott's Imperial Palms.
We rented a three bedroom villa here for a week. Everyone had their own room. Property was quiet. No kids running around. Nice staff clean rooms. Best of all was jaccuzi tub
We were a group of 8 ladies aging from 23 - 64. We checked in on a Friday, the room wasn't quite ready so took the shuttle over to the Marriott World Center for a poolside lunch. My only negative of our stay was that the front desk was suppose to call/text when our room was ready and they didn't. We ate, roamed around World Center for a bit and shuttled back. Once back, we napped in the lobby for nearly an hour before I checked in with the front desk and yes, our room was indeed ready. We had a 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom unit with a living room, dining room and kitchen which was plenty big for our party. Everyone we encountered was more than pleasant and went out of their way to greet us. We used the main pool on a Sunday which was not crowded at all. The store in the main building was complete in their offerings of drinks, snacks, fruit and pre-packaged meals as well as suntan lotions and basic toiletries. The location is perfect for a Disney vacation and a short Uber ride to the Universal Parks. This was our second stay in the Marriott complex and we look forward to our next visit.Welcome back! We are pleased to hear you enjoyed your stay with us here in Orlando. Thank you for taking the time to leave a review. We look forward to your next visit.
A great location for a large group. Villa sleeps 10. On site activities provided yet our mission was Disney. Only 10 minutes. Nowadays when you stay on the property you are just as far. Easy walk to Marriott world and the largest pool in Florida. Although site provides pool and hit tub. Shuttles provided to work world center.We found pizza and Chinese's who deliver or many places nearby. Even use the concierge to get you all set. Only setback was an anticipated Full pullout in one room only to have a twin. As we had 5 little ones it didn't put us out but ask if thinking on all days.
Orlando properties tend to be hit-or-miss. This one is definitely a hit. Absolutely no complaints about the property or staff. All good. Location can't be beat. Multiple pools, tennis, half-court basketball. The unit itself was updated, Beds comfortable. The unit we had came with a screened-in room great for enjoying the evening without bugs.
The exterior could use some updating. However, the interior is very spacious for our large family. The resort is very close to Disney parks Downtown Disney. You have access to JW Marriott amenities at no extra cost. There is a complimentary shuttle that will take you there and back. Our kids loved the pool and slides at the JW. There are activities planned if you want to spend time on the property. The only things I was not happy with is there are no utensils in the grill areas, pools close rather early and the motor went bad in our refrigerator around 9:30pm one evening. It was not fixed until the next morning, so the noise overnight and early wake up by the repairman was less than pleasant.
We were in a three bedroom villa. Wow....what a great place to stay... Close to everything...especially the venues at WDW.The unit was spacious, and loaded with everything we needed. The pools were great and a nice area to relax in after a tough day with a 3 yr old at the Magic Kingdom. Easy to get to all the places on International Drive. Easy to get to the airport...plenty of free parking...we really enjoyed our stay at the Imperial Palms Villas
Visibly a very nice place, great pool when not crowded, good cheeseburgers. As a smoker you have to hit the parking lot, and watch the rats at night running to the garbage area. (Don't think the place is infested, just the local wood rats looking...MoreDear Guest: Thank you for taking the time to write this review. I am glad to hear you overall enjoyed your stay at the Sheraton Suites Key West. There is a designated smoking section on property in the courtyard which is landscaped with trees and...More
Stayed at Sheraton suites on many occasions and have always had the most amazing experience here....I'd like to thank my favorite server Anita....the best bartender ever Zora and the most amazing Manager Kyley!! The hotel offers complimentary shuttle service to the Marina every 45 minutes...More949jeffreyf, Thank you for such a wonderful review!! We have a beautiful property with an excellent staff, that will go above and beyond to see to it that you leave with a smile. Next time you are with us, be sure to check out the...More
We booked our wedding reception at the Sheraton. The food was amazing! Working with the staff was easy, and as the bride I felt I was taken care of all night. We had 40 guests and everyone had a good time. I couldn't have been...MoreDear Guest, Thank you for the great review of our hotel! We are glad that you enjoyed your stay and hope to see you again very soon. Sincerely, Lourdes Torbisco Marketing Director
Looking for an awful experience at a nasty hotel, this south Orlando Hampton in is for you. Not only will you be hasseled by complete incompetence, the manager (ha, what a joke Natoya Edwards is) will blindly defend her dump then lie to your face and her suoeriors. Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else
Thank you for always makings us feel welcome and at home. The staff was great and room was in great shape. I needed to use the Bussiness Center and it was clean and and easy to access it. Thank you for everything
We stayed here for one night after driving up from the Tampa airport to Orlando area to meet family that has already arrived. I found an amazing rate (under 100 total bill!) and it made the decision to stay here easy. The hotel is at Exit 55, right off of I-4 at US-27, about 7-12 miles from the I-4 Disney... More
Superior service during night time check in. Jesus was the young man at the front desk, he couldn't have been sweeter and more accommodating... Our room was very large, clean, lots of outlets for all our electronic devices (with kids you never have enough lol) ac quiet and cool, hot tub pool perfect condition. There was a small but... More
I don't know where the previous reviewer stayed, but they most definitely did not stay at the Spartan Inn. This place is immaculate. In fact, I don't think I've ever stayed at another hotel anywhere as clean as this place! We booked our room based solely on all the positive reviews and weren't disappointed. It's a very short walk to... More
Had a blast , it's do laid back and family friendly. Will try to go back here before I call any other place. They are picky as far as renting to teenagers and young adults. No parting , midnight cut off on any outside activities. 100' from the beach and 50 to 75 cheaper then the places around it. It's... More
We took our 4 month old granddaughter down for her first beach visit and loved it . The rooms were awesome and so clean . You know the old saying you get what you pay for well in this case you get way more then you pay for. The owners are so nice . We will be back !!!!
Great little place to stay but could use some updates on beds and inventory should be taken of what each room should contain....some have more than others. The location is perfect and the place is kept clean.
Pelican Post had no one on duty when we arrived a tad after 6 p.m. on the date we'd reserved. There was a note allowing us to access our room. The room included a small room for watching T.V./cooking and, beyond, a nice large bed. The colors were warm and pleasant, the kitchen, clean and stocked w/ dishware. This was... More
Stayed here for biketoberfest 2015 and this was a perfect location for that. Close to Main Street and more importantly, right on the beach. This is a small family run motel and like most places in Daytona, the facilities are dated. The owners are very friendly and caring. The beds are good, the bathroom shower clean and the a/c cold.... More
This place needs to be reported to the health department. The check in process was awkward. There are 3 buildings one of which I think people actually live in full time. The smell of mold and mildew is I fathomable We left and ended up going all the way back home.
I booked a 7 night adventure for my family thru Expedia but I had to change plans cause our dates were conflicting. I had cancel current reservation on March 21. In the info for the booking it stated no charges will be made if cancelled before April 21. I have been waiting now 10 days and no refund for deposit... More
This is my 4th or 5th stay at this location and it has gotten better with time. Recently renovated and much cleaner and newer now than when I first stayed. Unfortunately, they seem to have also increased the price a bit since my first stay and this was unwelcome as the price was important to me in choosing the hotel.We at the Best Western East Inn Suites wanted to thank you for giving us feedback regarding your recent stay with us. Our staff is proud to know that each time you have stayed with us your experience has only gotten better, and we hope it will continue to do so. We do apologize for the increase in price, but we it was necessary since we have renovated our property. However, we do enjoy having you as a guest, and we do hope to see you again at our establishment soon.
Hard to get in to property. The door handle was broke and the faucet in the bathroom was broken! The lady didn't even offer another room to shower in! Paid lot to have to go out smelling like yesterday Dear 151mistyaI really appreciate you taking the time to share your disappointment with your recent stay. I want to personally apologize for the plumbing and door lock problems you encountered.We want our guest to have the best stay possible, where everything is in perfect order. I am sorry if that was not the case during your stay. You can be confident that we will follow-up on your concerns, so that others are not disappointed as you were.Again, thank you for making the effort to share your thoughts. We value you as a guest, and I do want you to know that your concerns are our concerns! Please stay with us again soon, so that we can demonstrate our commitment to your comfort.
Good customer service , room clean, quiet , nice are but one thing difrent information on site than what they give you on the phone. Just need to be careful next time. And have a little more smiling workers.Thank you for choosing our property for your most recent stay. I appreciate your feedback and I'm glad that your stay was enjoyable. I do apologize for the misinformation that you might have received and I would really appreciate it if you could provide me with the site that you referenced, that way we can fix any discrepancies. Again thank you for providing us with your feedback and we hope that you choose our property again.
Not as close to UCF as I had hoped. The room was fairly large and had 2 queens which I like. Beds were comfy with good pillows. Bathroom was clean. My only complaint would be the carpet - didn't seem very clean and I kept my shoes on. Bathroom floor was clean though. I don't think it's worth 109/night. Annoying guests who stood outside my room and smoked and talked all night. I didn't have the breakfast so I can't comment on that.I am trying to book a place for an upcoming weekend in the UCF area and I guess I'm gonna go with this place again, although I'd rather find someplace else. It seems that near UCF there are only very expensive choices or total dives. This one is in between so I guess I'll book it. Everything else is filling up fast.
a friend of mine stayed at this hotel with our kids. Brandon helped us with getting our room, he explained the aaa discount to us and was very friendly. He told us of all the services that the hotel provided. On our second stay, we came during a busy time for the hotel. Brandon told us that the there were no nonsmoking rooms available. He upgraded us to a suite, and gave it to us at the same rate as a standard room, and we were able to use the aaa discount as well. Our stay was wonderful, we didn't have any issues. The staff is very friendly, and willing to help with any questions or assistance needed. Its also in a great location, as my friend lives in Titusville its convenient , as she is able to get on the freeway and get to work on time. We now refer to the hotel as our hotel. I am the type of person that I usually would pay more to stay at an embassy suites. I always thought that best western was like a days inn. Brandon and the staff have helped to change my opinion of best western.
This hotel is a step above comparable discount hotels on Colonial drive. The rooms were in good shape, clean and everything was updated and worked well. The free breakfast was above the standard breakfast typically at budget hotels and the pool was clean and in good shape.Thank you for choosing our property for your most recent stay. I would like to thank you on behave of our staff for the positive feedback you've provided us with in your review. We hope that you will choose our property again and that you will enjoy staying with us in the future.
My daughter and I were excited to be in the Orlando area for her college orientation. We enjoyed the staff at Best Western, especially Forest! The rooms were clean, spacious and affordable. The complementary breakfast was a wonderful bonus too. Thank you for taking the time to provide us with feedback and choosing our property for your stay. Forest is a great asset to this company and I will make sure he is rewarded, also notified of this compliment. This is a great location and very convenient to UCF. Hope to see you again soon.
Very kind employees, very clean room, facilities, parking, landscaping. The food was amazing too. I really enjoyed the stay in this best western hotel. Also have a great location. The pool was very crystal clear and have a wonderful temperature.Thank you for providing us with your positive feedback. It's great to hear that our property was perfect for your needs. I'm so glad to hear that our staff was able to enhance your time with us. We hope to see you again soon!
I loved this hotel for many reasons. First of all, it was very clean. The room was spotless! The service was also good except that some of the staff were not very friendly :(. The buffet was a good value. They have cereal in little boxes with milk, the sausages which are great! They also have toast, pancakes, fruit etc. A good starter breakfast! We werent in the hotel except for breakfast and late dinner. For dinner we ordered Dominos pizza often. The rest of the time we spent in disneyworld, better than Disneyland in my opinion! Great rooms and value! Staff not so much.
This hotel was an excellent choice as the location was near Orlando Sanford International Airport just a hop and skip away. The hotel looks nice and is very clean. The staff go over and beyond to help you with anything you need. One of the maids got me hooked up to the internet when their computer was offline, I joked that she should be paid more for being their go-to IT person! Fantastic breakfast!Dear Rhea S.,Thank you for providing us with your positive feedback. We're happy to hear that our property helped to enhance your stay. I am thankful to have a great team to work with and I will make sure to recognize them and their hard work at the next meeting. We hope that you will come again soon.
Our stay was okay, Staff was good, Breakfast was good, Pool was very nice, Rooms were pretty good for the price. Grounds were kept up nice and clean, Great weather. Checkout was very fast. When we had problems they were helpful.Dear Frederick WThank you for the review of my Best Western East Orlando Florida.It is always great to hear how convenient our location is for the many guests who need to be near all the activities whether they be work or pleasure.I am extremely fortunate to have a fantastic team to work with. They are truly what makes this hotel great. I will be sure to recognize them publicly at our next celebration.
10 minutes from UCF. Attentive staff, good prices and decent variety breakfast. Best price I found on that side of town. For some reason, the signage was down but once we found it, the hotel was fine in comparison to others in that category. Seems popular with work crews but no issues. If youre looking for an upscale experience, youll need to pay 40-50 more. Hello and thank you for the positive feedback. We are so pleased that you have joined us and that your experience was a great one. We apologize that the Best Western sign was not visible, unfortunately the last hurricane took it right down. But I am glad that you found us and that we had the pleasure to serve you. Yes a lot of other working crews do stay with us quite often. They have stayed with us a lot thru the years that we feel as if they have become family. We know them all by name and they know all of us by name. We always like to see familiar faces and meet new guests as well. The staff here is always eager to help and we are always finding new ways to make the guests experiences amazing ones. We hope to have your business again soon and take care. Thank you again for the kind words
Staff was very friendly, the breakfast was real good there was a lot to choose from, room was clean, bathroom was clean the only thing that was wrong in my room 227 is , the shower needs more water pressure, it took me twice as long to take a shower due to how slow the water was flowing.but over all I was very satisfied with my stay.Thank you for providing us with your feedback regarding our property. I'd like to start by apologizing for the inconveniences with the shower, I will take your concerns up to our general manager. On the other hand, I'm glad that the rest of your stay was enjoyable and we hope that you will choose to stay with us again.
The room had a disgusting smell, it was overall dirty, bed and pillows were lumpy and the price was too high for this type of room. Even the towels were rough and needed to be replaced. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone staying in the area. I was very sorry I chose this hotel.
Just stayed one night not a bad room just to get some sleep, Front desk very professorial and Quick check in and out processes. Overall a good experience. Not the flashest room or hotel but for a night its worth that.Happy New Year and thank you for your feedback of your experience here at Best Western. I'm pleased to hear that you had a great experience at check in and check out. We are sorry to hear that the room or the overall property was not up to your expectations. We are always trying to make sure we are up to date with the rooms and that the guest always has what they need in the room. We hope we will still have your business and that we will see you again in the near future
I stayed at the Best Western for one night on business. The floor was dirty. It had not been vacuumed well. There were crumbs on the carpet. There was also what looked like the wing of a cockroach (or some kind of similar insect) on the inside of one of my folded towels. Additionally the phone did not work, so I could not use it to call out or to receive a wake-up call. I would not stay at this motel again or recommend to others.
The staff was really friendly especially during check in and at breakfast. Breakfast was delicious and offered a good variety. My room appeared clean and upgraded. It was also spacious. Location was really convenient. Thank you so much for the positive feedback it really means a lot to us and we are happy to have had your business. We strive to provide the best service to our guests from the first impression they receive from our front desk staff during check-in to the services we provide from Housekeeping, maintenance and attendants that provide breakfast in the morning. We are always trying new ways to improve our services and your feedback let's us know that we are appreciated and our hard work had not gone unnoticed. Thank you again!!
Nice, clean, well maintained property with an exceptionally pleasant and helpful staff. Area is sketchy, and no restaurants nearby, but great value for the money and easy access to 417. Our second stay, and we will recommend and stay there again, I am sure.Dear Lonsgal,Thank you for providing us with your positive feedback. It's great to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us and that our staff was able to enhance that. I do apologize if you felt any type of way in the area, I can assure you it is a safe property but, due to the convenience of being right off of the highway, the few restaurant we have that are really nearby are fast food or a 10-15 minute drive. We do hope that you will stay with us again soon.
Older hotel. Always clean. Staff is always pleasant. Todd at the front desk must have a stash of happy pills. They will eventually loose Brenda at a high pay waitress job, as she can do it. She and Greychen. do a great job with breakfast. Always clean. Always friendly Thank you for taking the time to leave us your feedback. I'm glad that our staff was able to enhance your stay with us and I will make sure that Todd, Brenda, and Gretchen are all aware of your review and are acknowledged at our next meeting. We hope that you will stay will us again soon.
Although the location seems a bit industrial the recent renovations of this hotel combined with the very reasonable rate makes this an excellent value. The rooms are neat and clean. There is a refrigerator in each room and the staff is very friendly. Dear J.G.Thank you very kindly for the review of my Best Western Inn Suites. I am extremely fortunate to have a fantastic team to work with. They are truly what makes this hotel great. I will be sure to recognize them publicly at our next celebration.
We do a fair amount of traveling. Are very interested in clean, comfortable lodgings with a good start to the day with a great breakfast included in the room rate. The need to stay was unexpected, but a delight. No complaints, except for the rain, which they have no control over. Wonderful stay.Thank you for choosing our property for your most recent stay. We appreciate the positive feedback. It's wondeful knowing you found our property to fit your needs and most important you left here satisfied. Please come again.
The hotel itself might be old, but the good thing is they provide everything needed.I assume the major upgrade they went through was the TV in the room as compared with other stuff such as furnitures the only thing that looks new is the TV.Given the rate that I paid, it is a spacious room that is bigger than I thought.
We walked in on a Friday night to book a room after selling our home in Orlando and needing a place to stay for one night before moving on to our new city state. Sharlene treated us like royalty! After learning of why we were staying she offered to upgrade our room with the understanding it wouldn't be ready for a couple more hours - no worries since we were going to celebrate with friends at a local restaurant. Upon our return several hours later Todd was there to assist as well and checked us in quickly with a big smile and great sense of humor. Sharlene appeared and provided gift bags with water a snack which was an additionally sweet gesture. The room was clean and adequate space for our stay and the continental breakfast was amazing! Many choices and all was very fresh accompanied by another great member of the staff to ensure we had everything we needed! They all made an emotional time much better with their friendly smiles, positive attitudes and great sense of humors. We would stay there again when in town to visit friends in that area and recommend to others for sure - great job!!!Dear Tricia M.,Thank you for providing us with your feedback of our property. It's great to hear that your time with us was great and that our staff was able to help make your stay a better one. I will make sure that both Sharlene and Todd are aware of your review and that they are recognized at our next meeting. Also, I'm glad that our property ended up being perfect for your stay. We hope to see you again soon. Thanks!
My husband and I called the Best Western 800 number to inquire about this Property. We especially wanted a hotel with restaurant, bar, pool and central conveniences and shopping. Expecting we wouldn't have to leave here for anything as we have been driving for hours. we were informed that all of the above are at this BW site After arrival... finding that there was a pool but NONE of the other amenities. this hotel is in the middle of nowhere. We also booked weeks ahead for early checkin. still didn't get checked in until almost 4pm. Other folks arrived after us and were checked in before us. Another couple we spoke with at the pool were mislead as well. The floor/carpet by the bed was soaking wet and smelled of musty/moldy..so we called for several towels to absorb the water. The manager gave us a bag of candy, pretzels and two pops for our trouble. I don't want to put down the hotel because it is quite nice ..we were upset about the MISLEADING information. because NOW we have 3 more days booked here in March that we cant get out of because we booked it through airmiles.Dear LBradshaw2014Thank you for completing the survey regarding your recent stay at our property. Your business is very important to us and we value your feedback. By telling us what you liked about your stay and how we can improve, you are helping us deliver a superior experience for you and other guests in the future. I did call the Best Western 800 reservation number to see why someone would say we have a restaurant and bar when we do not. We hope you will come back and see us again soon. And I do apologies on behalf of the Best Western 800 reservation office.
As with other reviews, in spite of the freeway noise the hotel is above par, on the older side but extremely well maintained. A small but clean pool... a fitness room would be a plus. The neon sign claims that the staff are friendly - that is true - it also states that the hotel provides a continental breakfast. For some hotels that would be a few muffins, cold cereal and packet of bagels.... not so here. Cheese omelettes, bacon and hash browns as well as biscuits and gravy, lots of fruit and greek yogurt, and of course the obligatory muffins and bagels. This, in my estimation is not a continental breakfast but a great well balanced meal with lots of options. Would we stay there again... in a heart beat!!! Thank you for being a part of our weekend getaway. Location very central for out Annie Russell theater trip, dinner in Winter Park, Global Energy 10K at Festival park and Cirque du Soleil at the Amway.Thank you for providing us with your review of our property. I'd like to start by thanking you on behave of our staff and I'm glad that we were able to help enhance your time with us. Instead of having a fitness room, we did just put into action a new Fitness-in-a-bag system. We do not have the fitness room, but we offer this instead, so that guest may still be able to exercise in the comfort of their rooms with some of the fitness gear provided in the bag. We hope that you do choose to stay with us again soon.
My husband and I enjoyed staying at your hotel except for one thing: bed sheets and linen. I noticed that the linen were not replaced with new sheets. At first I tried to ignore it but then when I was getting ready to sleep that was when I felt something itchy on my left leg and when I checked it, I noticed some red small dots on my skin. It started to itch the moment I sat on the bed. And also, I watched your housekeeping staff how she cleaned the room: she did not vacuum the floor, did not change the bed sheets and not really properly cleaned the whole room.Thank you for providing us with feedback regarding your most recent stay at our property. I would like to start by apologizing for the inconveniences you faced during your time with us. As far as the sheets being changed in the room, the sheets are only changed every 3 days unless there is a different guest being checked in or if it is requested. After a guest is to check out housekeeping does inspect every room for bbs, so I do apologize if there was any concern for them. I wish that I had been notified of this before you checked out that way we could have further investigated whether it was something like bbs or if it could have been our fabric softener. I hope that you will give us another opportunity to change your opinion on our property.
Stayed here for a few nights while visiting different sites in Orlando.Staff was friendly. Room was spacious. Bed a little uncomfortable but not enough to complain about. Breakfast was good. Would recommend.Thank you for providing us with your feedback. I'd like to apologize for any of inconveniences you may have experienced as far as with the bed. On the other hand, I'm glad that you enjoyed your stay and that our staff was able to enhance that in any way. We hope that this doesn't deter you from staying at our property again.
This room was not clean. There was some red, bloody looking prints on the bathroom door. Also, the dressing and bathroom area was very un-suitable! The bathroom had a sink with no counter around it. So, all my stuff had to be some place other than where I needed them (like my contact lense items, make-up, etc. Then, when you got into the actual bathroom, there was no surface to place anything on, or any hooks to hold your towel. The room was for a handicapped person, but, even a handicapped person needs a surface to hold their towel and clothes. Even the toilet did not have a lid. So, you went in there and where was your towel and clothes to be This room was a disaster. Then, we stayed there on New Years Eve and left on New years day. We left at around 10 am. There was no breakfast. When I asked, they said that breakfast ended at 9:30 am because it was a weekday. I told them it was a National Holiday and they said that they do not celebrate or acknowledge the National Holiday of New Years day. So that was that! We were not pleased!! And will never stay there!!
This was one of the worst hotels we have ever stayed at, we travel a lot and have stayed at a lot of hotels. I have reviewed a lot of hotels and I rarely leave a bad review, but this was too disgusting to not address.We were moving my cousin to Orlando, and needed a late night hotel last minute. We picked the best western, in hind sight I wish we had slept in the car. We checked in around 1 am. Once we got settled in and ready for bed, we started seeing small roaches crawling out from behind the painting above our bed. My husband killed the 2 that we saw. We were a little grossed out but that late at night, we didn't have many options. The next morning we woke up to more roaches crawling around the painting. Then we saw a couple of huge ones above the TV. After seeing this we wondered how many more were in the room. We grabbed our stuff went to front desk and told them. She refunded us 50 . My husband emailed the manager STUART BLOOMBERG about this. He emailed us back and told us the exterminators came and said the room was perfectly clean and there wasn't a single roach. So either we saw the only 4 roaches in the room or someone is not being honest. My husband relayed to Stuart how grossed out we were and asked for the remainder of balance to be refunded. Stuart told us he can't do that the roaches must have entered the room when we opened the door to enter the room ourselves. At this point not only were we disgusted by the pest infested room but also insulted by the manager that he would accuse us of letting the roaches in. We are realistic, a bug here and there is normal, but a roach infested room is a sign of filth. We are so disappointed, what a waste of money, and such poor customer service. STAURT BLOOMBERG offered us 50 off on our next stay, as if we would EVER go back to that hotel. I have never left a hotel feeling this disgusted. A word of advice to the manager of this hotel, don't blame your customers for your hotels lack of hygiene. Unprofessional staff, filthy hotel, stay somewhere else.Dear Deepti DI really appreciate you taking the time to share your disappointment with your recent stay. I want to personally apologize again as did my staff did for the failure in our extermination program. My staff did reduce your stay to 50 off before you checked out.A pest free environment is basic for a good stay. I am sorry if that was not the case during your stay. You can be confident that we did follow-up on your concerns, so that others are not disappointed as you were.Again, thank you for making the effort to share your thoughts. We value you as a guest, and I do want you to know that your concerns are our concerns! Please stay with us again soon, so that we can demonstrate our commitment to your comfort.
My stay Here was exactly what I expected for the price . Me and my wife had a weekend gateaway and it was perfect ! Joel Baez the Chief engineer was very helpful with my luggage , he also recommended a few restaurants in the area . I will totally recommend it for an affordable, well kept room.
Second year I have stayed at this hotel. I have business in the area and it is convenient for me. Morning free breakfast is very good, hot, fresh and a large selection. Typical motel setting with free parking. Bed was very comfortable. I wasn't happy with the cleanliness this visit. My white socks were pretty dirty after walking around in the room. On check out I told them of 2 issues I felt needed to be resolved. They made a note of that. 2nd day, I returned to my room at 10 p.m. and housekeeping didn't freshen my room. Upon checkout I told the Front Desk, and they said, If you have a Do Not Disturb sign on your door at 9 a.m., they by-pass your room and don't come back. When I told them I removed the sign at 10:15 a.m. when I went to work for the day, Front Desk basically said, that's their policy. I find that policy totally inconsiderate. Next time in the area, I will seek another hotel.Thank you for providing us with your feedback and choosing to return to our property. I do apologize for the inconvenience you experience during your time with us. I do recall you mentioning at checkout that you had a DND sign on the door and removing it sometime after 10:15 am and I explained that housekeeping will not service room with DND sign but housekeeping do return later in the day and service rooms that have removed DND sign. I wish you would have brought to my attention about the carpet being dirty so I could have given you an upgraded room or offered some type of compensation. Your satisfaction is important to us and we will be using the feedback you gave to implement improvements to ensure we offer a better experience for guests in the future. I hope that you will consider staying with us again so that we can have another chance to provide you with a superior experience.
We spent 2 nights and were satisfied with the overall experience. The rates are excellent compared to other hotels in the area and the location very convenient for our purposes. Though the weather was a bit cold when we stayed, it would have been nice to visit the hot tub, but it was out of service.
Exelent hotel with a good location for vacations or business withh a good price and service. The rooms are very confortable. Near to the main strrets to go to the atractacions, universities and business.Thank you for taking the time to respond to our survey and choosing ths property for your most recent stay. I am so very pleased that you found the service excellent and the rooms to be in good condition. This is a very convenient location and I'm happy this was the right place to accommodate you, please come back and see us again soon.
Older hotel but very clean. comfortable beds, breakfast was great. our room was very clean. pretty convenient to restaurants and UCF. Hotel was under a little renovations (painting and taring of the parking lot) but this did not interfere at all.Thank you for providing us with your feedback. I will start by apologizing for any inconveniences you may have experienced during your time with us, but we are recently undergoing some updates and renovations to the hotel. On the other hand, I am glad that the rest of your stay was enjoyable and we hope that you will choose us again in the future.
I have stayed here 4x over the 1 1/2 years. I stay here for the convenient location to my destination. Not sure if it is under new management or not, but I have certainly noticed some improvements to the rooms and the friendliness of the staff. The breakfast is always good and the pool is kept clean. Now, if they can just add some weather strip around the doors to the rooms...too much heat and light come in.Thank you for providing us with your feedback of our property. I'd like to start by apologizing for any of the inconveniences you may have experienced during your stay. I'm glad that you can see the changes were making to our property and I will make sure to pass your concern about the weather strips onto our general manager. We hope that you choose to stay with us again and we continue to improve. Thank you.
Hotel's rooms are very spacious. The staff was super friendly. good location. The only thing that was a light bit negative is that I had a suite becuase I knew I would need the pull out couch. There were no blankets or pillows left for the pull out bed. It was clean and had sheets. The suite was very spacious and affordable.Thank you fro providing us with your feedback of our property. I'd like to start by apologizing for any of the inconveniences that you may have experienced during your stay as far as the sheets for the pull-out. I do hope that the front desk was able to give you the extra sheets upon request. I am however glad that the rest of your stay was enjoyable and we hope that you will choose to stay with us again given the opportunity.
Great hotel for good price!hotel was clean.everyone was very friendly (huge plus!)breakfast was delicious .. so many choices... sausage gravy and biscuits, waffles, hard boiled eggs, yogurt, egg omletes, sausage patties.great location... 5 miles from UCF, right off hwy but very quiet hotel.this will definately be our hotel of choice for the next 4 years while our son attends UCF!Dear Shannon LThank you for staying at my Best Western Inn Suites here in Orlando. This is a great place to stay for any reason.Your comment on how we are a good match for families is certainly spot on. Our breakfast allows everyone in the family to choose what they like to eat and its included within your rate complimentary. I sincerely hope you can return on vacation soon and trust your business in Orlando went well
The room was clean, only good bit. The location was good. Staff were, Staff!! The corridors were old and need of an update, dirty and smelly. There were ice and coke machines that did not work. the Air con was noisy, we were travelling around so were not here too long thank goodness. It was in general old and needed an overhaul
The Best Western Orlando East was a pleasant surprise. I looked for economy but found a comfortable, clean home away from home for a business trip. The staff were friendly and efficient. The breakfast buffet featured scrambled eggs, bacon or sausage, biscuits with gravy, Belgium Waffles and more. Pleasant touches like a well made bed and artistically folded towels made the business trip more relaxing.
the hotel itself was ok, but from my past stay I can say its improved. dena was very helpful in every way she a great asset to your company. she made my stay very enjoyable. Mirlanda as well, very sweet young lady!! I would definatly come back especially if their workingFirst, I want to thank you for choosing the Best Westrn East Inn Suites for your recent stay. I am very fortunate to have a great team to work with. They are truly what makes this hotel great. I will be sure to recognize Mirlanda at our next greet. Hope to see you again.
Really one of the nicer inns around. Nice interior design, friendly staff, good breakfast.Affordable for families - we are a family of four, and as opposed to many hotels, there is actually enough space for us and the luggage :).Special kudos to Gina who helped us get the day started.
This place was great. The room was clean and tidy. The bed/pillows were comfortable. The breakfast was one of the better I have had, the inclusion of croissants and french toast sticks made it better than most hotels I've stayed in. The staff was friendly and helpful. There is a good sized refrigerator in the room and the pool looked nice (too bad it was raining.) The location is close to a wide variety of restaurants and the UCF campus. The only drawbacks I found was that the WiFi could be improved and the room could use a microwave, there is a microwave in the lobby but I prefer the convenience of one in the room.,Thank you for leaving your feedback regarding your most recent stay with us. We're glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay at our property. It's great to hear that you enjoyed your room as well as breakfast. We are currently looking into the concerns you brought up in this review, thank you for bringing them to my attention. We hope that we will have the pleasure of seeing you again in the future.
I stayed at this hotel last year and am glad to say everything was just as good. Nice king suite by the pool, very clean and comfortable. Free WiFi and usual good BW breakfast, eggs, bacon, waffles, cereal, Danish and other goodies. Can highly recommend this hotel.Dear Shatzymaus,Thank you for providing us with positive feedback regarding your most recent stay with us. It's great to hear that you are a returning guest and we hope that you continue being one. Hope to see you again soon!
Great hotel very clean on a busy street nice pool area very clean rooms and convinient to all areas of Orlando. Staff was very friendly. The breakfast was mediocre and was nothing to be excited about but the rest was amazingThank you for providing us with your feedback regarding your stay. It's great to hear that you enjoyed your time with us and that our property was perfect for your stay. I'm glad that our staff was also able to enhance your time with us. We hope to see you again soon.
This is a no-frills hotel, but perfectly met our needs for our recent long-weekend. We went between UCF (15min away) and Disney (35min away) so it functioned as a perfect location. There were tons of restaurants, gas stations, and fast food places along the same road. A Walmart Neighborhood Market (grocery store for those of you who don't know) was about 10min down the road, too. The front desk staff was pleasant and check-in was easy. The 25 deposit was credited to my account immediately after checkout, too. Our room was clean and up-to-date. The towels were nice. Water pressure in the shower was also great. The mini fridge was really cold and the microwave was functional. My kids did take time to enjoy the pool, and they really liked it. It was clean and just the right temperature. Overall it was a great stay. We would definitely stay here again. Thank you for providing us with feedback regarding your most recent stay with us. It's great to hear that our property was perfect for your stay and I'm glad that you would consider staying with us again. We hope to see you soon.
Good for a quick overnight stay. The ac wasn't regulating properly but the temperature was fine. The staff was friendly. The room was decent and clean. It's further out from the attractions. So travel time may take a bit longer to get to the attractions.
Close to where we needed to be good breakfast, staff was great price was ok internet a little jumpy and had to ask for wash cloths bath fan stopped working but otherwise good stay would stay again.Lots of places to eat close.Thank you so much for your positive feed back we appreciate it very much. We do apologize about any inconveniences during your stay and we will work on any matter that needs service as soon as we can be of service. I'm glad you enjoyed your stay and was able to eat at near by places that suited your convenience. I'm pleased to hear that your breakfast was enjoyable and that staff gave you a great feeling. We always strive to give the best customer service to our guests and I'm glad you felt your stay was great. Thank you for your business and we hope to see you and serve you again soon.
Traveled to Orlando for a science competition at University of Central Florida. TERRIBLE front desk service, unfriendly breakfast staff. Able to clearly hear street noise, not able to access high-speed internet despite room being close to lobby. Budget-friendly, but wished I had not agreed to staying at this property when proposed by the AAA travel agent.
My stay was uneventful and quiet which is exactly what is needed for business travel. A light outside my room was flickering badly but was repaired the same evening upon calling the front desk. Breakfast and to go snacks were also convenient.Thank you very much for giving us feedback regarding your recent stay with us at the Best Western East Inn Suites. We wanted to thank you for staying with during your business trip, and we do apologize for the flickering light. However, we are glad to know that our front desk staff and maintenance were able to take care of the issue quickly. We are glad that you enjoyed your stay, and we do to see you again soon!
i loved the place in florida /the staff of the hotel was so kind it was during daytona race and allthe staffhelp us to explain how to go where to park /the room was my home in florida during three days /to visit other places it is not so fa/r/ illbe back for the place and the people and the pancakes best wishes for new year from france
This hotel was a blessing to our family. The rooms were clean, the beds were comfortable and the breakfast amazing. The staff was kind, and helpful. We would definitely stay here again and my 20 year old didn't want to leave .. he came up talking about how wonderful the breakfast staff was, particularly Amy.. if a 20 year old mentions it .. you know you need to stay at this hotel!Thank you for providing us with your feedback! It's great to hear that you enjoyed your time with us and that our property was perfect for your needs. We're glad that you and your 2o year old loved the breakfast and I will make sure that Amy is aware of your review and recognized at our next meeting. We can't wait to see you again!
I am currently a resident of Louisiana, and I am enrolled in graduate school at Asbury Theological Seminary in Orlando, Florida / Wilmore, Kentucky (2 campuses). I have been coming to Orlando about 4 - 6 times a year for on-campus classes, and I have always stayed at this particular Best Western on East Colonial Drive. This hotel has been perfect for my commute and the accommodations are exactly what I need. The staff are not only friendly but very helpful, and this has been consistent for the last year or two that I have been coming. With this particular visit, the hotel had recently upgraded their internet services but since my computer is aging I was having trouble getting it to work properly. One of the maintenance techs Joel Baez helped me troubleshoot it for a good 30 minutes before we threw in the towel on the wireless and he provided me with an ethernet cable. Problem solved and I'm back online! Thanks Joel B.! Thanks Best Western for always being there when I needed you to be!Sincerely,Stephen HebertThank you very much for giving us feedback regarding your recent stay with us at the Best Western East Inn Suites! We are ecstatic to know that you have been staying with us for some time, and each time your stay was met to your satisfaction. We are sorry if you had trouble with the internet, but it was great That Joel was able to stop by to help you with the issue. We are always working hard to maintain satisfaction for our guests, and we will be sure to acknowledge Joel at our next meeting for assisting you to maintain your satisfaction with your stay. We always enjoy having you as a guest, and we do hope to see you again at our establishment soon.
I stopped in on business, my flight was delayed by several hours and decided to call it a night. From the moment I made a call and asked if they had any rooms available I was treated warmly and with kindness. The rooms were clean, it was surprisingly quiet. The beds were comfortable and I was able to get a good nights sleep and a hearty breakfast before my flight back. I dealt with William and Joel upon my exit and both cared enough to make sure I was rested and well treated! I travel a lot with my company and will DEFINITELY make sure I am booked here every trip to Orlando! GREAT JOB STAFF!
It may look decent outside, but the rooms are not that great. The bathroom and room smells bad. Had to buy an air freshner because it was so bad. The water smells bad too. Queen size bed and one sofa, and there's a wall barrier between bed and sofa (odd). The breakfast bar was not good. There's a pool, it's okay. And the jacuzzi was out of service. Ice machine out of service.It is unfortunate that you and your family encountered many issues that made your stay less then satisfactory. All of your concerns have been addressed with my staff with the exception of our spa. Unfortunately there is never a good time to remodel, however our spa is in the process of being resurfaced. It is not the norm of our hotel to fall short on so many areas. I apologize on behalf of myself and my staff and will make sure our future guests do not experience the same areas of concern as you did.Sincerely,Best Western Management
Short Staffed - Was the only one in the lobby, waited 15 minutes for the only staff member who was on the phone trying to find a reservation in the system to cancel it for someone who just made it. The caller should have been referred to the online or national call in reservation system. The hotel was sold out - perhaps Management should have thought to have more than one person on staff until midnight perhaps Dirty Bed Linens - Once in my room, was disgusted to find that one of the beds obviously had not been changed with new sheets. - Luckily it was a double queen room and the other appeared clean. The green bed covers were filthy and torn. Will not be staying at a Best Western again. Told the agent at the front desk who apologized and removed a nominal amount off the check. Travelling on business - so that really doesn't make much of a difference to me.Noisy Air Conditioning - When the under-the-window air handler came on, it sounded like an Chevy Suburban on at fast idle.Thank you for responding and providing feedback regarding your experience during your stay. I do apologize for any inconvenience we may have caused during you visit. I can assure you that we are fully staffed and two agents were scheduled for that night. Second agent left at 8:30 p.m. once things had slowed down. Unfortunately, we did receive a rush around 9:00 pm that night. I do appreciate you being patient. during that rush hour and again I apologize and hope that you will consider giving us another chance to make your stay better.
Very clean, simple place. I have never stayed at a motel / hotel as nice accepting large dogs . Room was very clean and staff very friendly and accommodating. Breakfast was a pleasant surprise. What a value and pleasant stay.Thank you for taking time to provide us with positive feedback you experience during your stay. I'm happy to know we exceeded you expectations. We hope to see you again soon.
My husband and I stayed here while we looked for apartments and toured Full Sail University. Everyone was really helpful and super nice. Todd and Mrs Dena had us laughing the whole trip, we could have spent the trip just laughing with them. Brandon was great and really made us feel welcome and happy. The breakfast was alright, nothing spectacular but something for everyone. The only thing bad I can say is that it seems like maintenance sometimes forgets that guests can hear them on the radio, just a little a sassy but not rude at all. All in all our trip proved one thing, wish we could move in to the best western. Also a really big thing for my husband and I, no one batted am eye lash about two men sharing a king size bed. Love this place would come back and will tell all our family and friends to stay here. I appreciate you taking the time to reply to this survey. I apologize that breakfast was not to your liking, however, we have improved our breakfast menu. We now offer bacon, sausage, egg omelet, scrambled eggs and much more. It's nice to know we were able to make you smile and that your stay was enjoyable. Hope to see again soon.
Todd the front desk was very professional. Rebecca spoiled the clients like a mother hen. These two employees are really asset to that place where they work. I will definitely, recommend that Best Western Orlando East inn suites. Overall everyone was very nice. The only thing that was lacked over there was an excercise room.We at Best Western wanted to extend our thanks for providing feedback regarding your recent stay! We are happy to hear that you enjoyed your stay, and that Rebecca and Todd were able to enhance your stay with us. We will be sure to commemorate these two great employees for going above and beyond for you. We do apologize for not having an exercise room, but that is something we are trying implement either into our location, or with local gyms. However, we do greatly value you as a guest, and hope to continue to keep Best Western in mind the next time you need a place to stay.
Roach in the room but the staff said its just a bug not a roach, like that made it any better. Big hole in the bathroom wall were this bug/roach came out of. Wonder what other rodent will come out of the wall.Thank you for providing us with your feedback. I would like to apologize for any of the inconveniences you may have experienced during your time with us. I wish that I had been notified of your concerns before you had checked out and I would like to apologize on behalf of our staff.
The staff here is amazing! We arrived at the hotel super early and they were able to accommodate our room needs! The free breakfast was a huge plus, but the employee Brenda topped our visit off! She was very friendly, helpful and kind! She became our friend over the week. The beds are comfy and the rooms were very clean. Next time we're in Orlando we will definitely stay here. Thanks Brenda Todd!!!-Damisha EdwardsDear Damishaae,Thank you for leaving us your positive feedback regarding your stay at our property. It's great to hear that our hotel was able to be perfect for your needs and that we were able to accommodate your stay. Todd and Brenda are a great part of our team and I will make sure that they are aware of your review and are recognized at our next meeting. We hope to see you again soon.
Went with family, my parents and my children, was child friendly. Pool area very nice, needs more shady areas. Close to our destination, which was UCF, for Odyssey of the mind state competition. Would go there again next year!Dear Nicole H I thank you genuinely for the kind words and for staying at my Best Western Inn Suites here in Orlando recently. We look forward to seeing you again next year for the Florida Odyssey
This motel has come a long way in the last year. With new management it has been updated extensively. A few more things need to be done, but the pool area is now great - new matresses - new air conditioning units - new lamps-- just a real step in the right direction!Dear Robert PI thank you genuinely for the kind words and for staying at my Best Western Inn Suites.We are continuing updating our product with new ice machines coming, finishing up the 2nd floor with a new light package, mattress, new coffee makers, refurshing our room furniture, future coming new carpet, new sofa beds, renovating the lobby. etc.
I checked in late by reception was quick and efficient. I requested a room I could park in front of, and got one.The room was fine. An old style A/C unit on the outside wall worked great and wasn't too loud.TV was 32 Flat Screen with a good selection of free channels.Downside...Bathroom was extremely small. A tiny sink and counter in the bedroom, and the tiniest bath/shower/toilet I can ever remember experiencing. No non-slip mat or strips were provided. It was very clean, however.Breakfast was a tad under standard for a BW...No hot items, unless you consider Eggo style waffles...
Friday morning we were awoken by landscapers at 7:00 am. Now we are on vacation it would have been nice if they started a little later. Also, our second night our room was not made up or clean towels when we arrived back at 11pm. When we asked why at the front desk we were told because we had the Do not disturb sign on our door still at 10am. However someone was in our room because our air conditioner was shut off. The front desk staff both at night and the next morning basically did not care because we booked through Expedia and not them. The staff for the continental breakfast were so sweet polite and helpful. I enjoyed seeing them every morning.Our last night all we heard all night was a dog barking. Again the staff said Well people sneak dogs in. And then pretty much shrugged there shoulder in a not caring action.I will definitely not stay here again when I visit my daughter at school.
Hotel is nice and clean staff is very friendly rooms are very clean and big. Micro and ref. In room .we came here on business and parking is OK. Not really a lot of food near here. But what matters to us is friendly staff and size of the room . The breakfast is really nice also great coffee there was eggs and sausage, they had sausage graveyard and biscuits . The sink was didn't work great and Joel maintained guy came right in and fix it give him a 10 .We at the Best Western East Inn Suites wanted to thank you for giving us feedback regarding your recent stay with us. We first wanted to apologize for our lack of eatery, but with our shortcomings we try to make sure we excel with service and cleanliness. We are proud to know that you were satisfied with our staff, room, and the breakfast. We enjoyed having you as a guest, and we do hope that we will see you again soon!
Room was not cleaned one of the days I stayed there. Breakfast was average. Ice machine not great. Parking was good. Internet was fast, but had to log password every 24hrs. Overall is was an average stay.
Hotel was clean. Check in was painless. Breakfast had a good variety and tasty. Had a huge block of rooms for a sporting event and grateful that hotel opened breakfast early to accommodate the athletes and their schedules.Thank you for your positive feedback regarding your most recent stay at our property. I'm glad that you enjoyed your time with us. It's great that you enjoyed our breakfast too, I'll make sure the breakfast employees are aware of your review. We hope to see you again soon.
Hotel could use some renovation, but it was convenient for my purpose. The staff was friendly and the room was as clean as you would expect a hotel room to be. 2 major needs: the toilet seats need to be upgraded to larger size and the hot water needs to be regulated better. I had to take my showers in phases as I waited for scalding water to subside every 30 seconds or so.
Went for a short trip to Orlando, hotel was great, had a pool side room, clean room, good job housekeeping, staff were great
OK, I am a budget traveler so I am not expecting a luxurious room. I cannot understand all the horrible reviews given to this place. I've stayed around the world in many small, dingy rooms, but I have never had a room that I couldn't stay in. After all, if you're in Orlando for a hotel room, maybe you should just stay home--you hardly spend any time in the room anyway. But for 28 a night, this was an incredible bargain. The room was very clean. The door keys take a special touch, but once you figure it out, it worked every time. The desk staff was very friendly and accommodating. The cleaning staff did a great job every day...and worked around all of my girls' stuffed animals. We stayed here 6 nights with my family of 4 and couldn't have asked for a better place at this rate. The location is great--lots of restaurants, close to I-4, close to Sea World. The pool is beautiful (the weather was just a little too cold for us to enjoy the pool). Maybe it's not the most exotic place and could use a few touch-ups...but for this price in Orlando it's wonderful. If you're expecting a fancy room, this is not the place for you, but if you like a great deal, I would highly recommend it.
Comfortable bed, hotel needs makeover. Didn't notice the NO CONTINENTAL BREAKFAST when making the reservation. I've never been to a Days Inn that didn't have it, though. What a surprise in the morning. Two bad small coffees, two bagels and two tubes of cream cheese, about 7. I could have stayed in a better place and had breakfast for free.
It had great location and price but rooms were out dated cable was horrible no channels fuzzy couldn't hook up fire stick
Rooms and facilities are ok for such a low price range but what stands out is excellent service and amazingly pleasant and accommodating staff! I really felt service was better than at many 5 star hotels. I was reluctant to ask receptionist Amy to book me Mears shuttle not sure if such service can be expected for a low budget hotel. Not only did she do it happily she said she will follow it up. When I went to reception hour early and asked if all ok she said sure and showed me her reminder to follow it up. Amy Really took care of me and I am grateful for this. Alexandra at coffee shop is so sweet and pleasant you get a feeling she is an old friend. And coffee shop stocks all the basics a guest may need for personal hygene as well as food. Location is great!!! Near outlets, 3 minute walk to wet and wild, plenty of dinning options. Very grateful for staying here.
box spring look like it had better days and the mattress had a dip in the middle so when two people laid on it we ended up rolling to the middle of the bed. bathroom door was in bad shapeand the room had an old musty smellthank god I only needed it to sleep and it was only one night
This was the most disgusting hotel I have ever had the misfortune of checking into. I had come to Orlando to meet with my sister who was flying in from the UK, she and I had not seen each other in 3 years and it was to be a great vacation with each other. Checked in, and 30 minutes later checked out. This hotel had cockroaches, the room we were given was filthy, a visiting prostitute went to the room next door whilst we stood and watched. 3 attempts to gain entry to our room resulted in the handy man coming with master key. And to add insult to injury the dirt and grime was so thick it made me ill. There was one wash cloth, one hand towel, and 2 bath towels. The toilet seat was cracked, and it was supposed to have been a disabled access room. I could not enter the bathroom in my wheelchair. I have reported the hotel both to the Wyndham group, and also to hotel licensing of Orange county Orlando. This place needs condemning.
Just for sleep its ok, good location, big room, clean, but smells not good, old room, excellent and nice services with chek in and chek out, for this price its ok, near malls and some attractions. have a service to buy tickets for all parks
Toilet got clogged the first day, we got help on next morning. Imagine what the family of four with two little kids will go through. The intercom is not working, the best no buttons in the intercom. All buttons are broken. Ice in the cake, sleep with cockroaches!! Our vacation screwed
Rioms were nasty nothing work properly. Out dated television, no refrigerator nor microwave in rooms then everyday rates goes up, as if thier offerring something for the amount of money veing spent. Didnt appreciate the false customers services front mgmt. He would make promises that he didn't keep. Very unhappy with my stay then he the mgmt would treat you like a dog. Didnt earn not one singke free stay after staying straight for 14days abd paid over 700. Too much extra from hotel and Wyndham rewards very misleading.
The most miserable dump I've ever had the misfortune to step into in my entire life. Let me tell you why. Spoiler: It ends with this being a mold dump. The paint on the door is peeling. Door opens and we're slammed with a wave of moldy smell that's mean as hell and thick as grass. We're dead tired and we assume that maybe we just need to run the AC or maybe we just need to leave the door open for a bit. (The door needs to be shoved closed by the way.) The light in the bathroom buzzes like a chain saw and a quick shower ends with stained towels. Or maybe they were just dirty. Early wake up the next day and we come back to the same rancid smell. I investigate and realize there is clear water damage everywhere!!! Bu the door, in the bathroom, all over the ceiling. Thrown in damaged furniture and a sink that's falling apart and you really have an A+ dump. All this on top of a real health hazard. We checked out and went somewhere else at like 11 PM.
Nice city hotel with adequate facilities. Nice rooms with hot water bath, aircon cable TV, and Self Laundry Service foc. Nice and friendly staff Swimming pool. Located centrally near shopping malls like Premiere Mall, Millenium Mall, Florida Mall Ross etc. Wet Wild Water Theme Park was right next door. Universal Studios was just 5 mins drive. Value for money. Would recommend for any tourist with an average budget for a Comfy stay and easy access to many attractions.
This hotel was beyond disgusting. The walls and ceiling were covered in mold and crumbling, there were gaping holes in the walls behind the fixtures, the bathtub was clogged and the faucet dripped. There were roaches crawling on the floors and walls in the bathroom. I will NEVER stay in a Days Inn ever again. The photos on line when I booked were very deceiving!
Pros: can't say enough about the location. walking distance to restaurants, convenience stores and pharmacy. Minutes like 5 minutes top to universal. 6 minutes to the giant ferris wheel. Stayed here before and can say they have started some renovations that were much needed. Check in was easy and check out as well. Water pressure was amazing. If you are here for the parks and not be in the hotel much it would be perfect match. Cons: rooms are not noise proof. TV was out dated. more repairs are needed. It's improved but needs more done. The motel can not help how other guest act but I cold see they were monitoring a couple in a huge fight that everyone could here. I had my phone ready to call 911 if need be. No bar which was a bummer. The in house deli wasn't anything really. I decided to eat breakfast else where after that. With Denny's across the street and ihop in walking distance it was no biggie. I had an inside hallway near the pool it seemed a bit more quiet but felt isolated. If your in need of a budget friendly and aren't picky about things it would be a match. If you have kids its not bad and are on the conscience mind its perfect match. Most kids don't care as long as there is a pool.
The room smelt the bathroom was not very clean, there was stuff on the walls. The a.c. was broken so was a light fixture. The tv channels came in blurry and staticy. But the location was great
For starters, the reception staff treats the guestsas a potential thief... They ask a document to be signed by all guests with the price list of all the items in the room, including bulbs that will cost 25 usd or so each...Rooms at outdated, smelly and badly maintained.I would never stay in this hotel and would not recommend it to anyone either.
Location is the only thing this place has going for it. The door didn't seal, the curtains didn't cover the whole window, the towels were so threadbare you felt like you were using paper towels, and the power outlets were so loose my charger kept falling out. The staff was friendly enough when prompted but didn't go out of their way. I also had to pay a 50 deposit that has not been returned yet.
Looks very nice from the streets, but not a clean place to stay. Went to use the microwave in the lobby a guest was using it before me she standing in front of the microwave with the trash can throwing up in it, the microwave was dirty inside. The rooms are not up to par. Not a good stay for me.
We stayed for 2 nights and 2 nights was enough. We found one cockroach on the first night and one in the morning on the second day. There was dust all over the fixtures. Our sheets smelled off, not clean. I probably won't stay in a days inn again.
Had a very good experience here. All of the staff were very professional and helpful. Room was clean and everything worked. Great stay for the price.
This is the worst hotel I have EVER stayed in!!! The price was good, but a little too good to be true. They charge you not only for your stay but also a resort fee and if your room is not ready by the time you get there and you'd like to leave your luggage, they also charge you for that! The pictures on the website are extremely deceiving. The outside looks nice but the closer you get you can tell just from the outside of the building that your in for a trip. The staff was not that nice, rude actually. When my boyfriend and I had gone back to the lobby, the lady told me to hold on a second so she could finish her text messaging.......The room was disgusting. Neither of us could walk around without anything on our feet. The bathroom had a ton of cracks and was also 4 different colors. The shower did not drain well at all and when you close the bathroom door, the crack was so big between the door frame and the door, I could see the other room perfectly. The only reason why we continued our stay here was because every hotel was booked around us. We weren't in the room for a half hour yet and we were both on the phone trying to find another hotel.The pool was terrible, no lighting around it what so ever at night. Another guest had to switch their room 4 times due to the air conditioners not working in any of those rooms. Also, pizza flyers were VERY ANNOYING!!! 2am and you hear someone at your door, sounding like trying to break in, but just sliding the flyers under the door.DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Booked a room for a few nights. Got there late at night because of my flight. Went to check in and give my employee discount and they said they couldn't even though I called in advance to let them know. They told me there limit employee discounts and they can't do them. It's one or the other but I was like how can you limit an employee discount. So I cancelled and booked one night to let management know next morning. Got in my room and the first thing I noticed was it smelled like pose. My wife went to the bathroom and saw a dead smashed roach on the floor and a small one in the tub. They had no towels or rags in the bathroom as we would not use them anyway from what we were experiencing. We slept with our clothes on and checked out asap. I booked another hotel while staying the night there. Didn't care about the discount just wanted out of there. Didn't get any sleep as we took turns staying up to make sure no unwanted friends wanted to tag along.
Room was not safe. The door didn't close all the way. It was stuffy and gross. Walls were super thin and could hear everything going on around us. Was not notified that there was breakfast.
Room service was an added cost - never saw that before. Changes actual room rate, from what was advertised - deceptive. Shower controls not secured to wall. Toilet see not tightened down. One light had to be unplugged to turn off, because switch was missing. In general, facility maintenance appears to be absent.
Hi, I bought tickets from the internet as a package with this hotel without reading any reviews in the first place. howver later we did ) and we was yeah.. scared and even chocked about others reviews. We got in touch with the travelling agency and there was nothing to do, abosolutely nothing what so ever. Hmmm.. We searched the internet and found even 200 dollars per night with bad reviews, hmmm. We my wife and I agreed upon that we would show up on our already paid stay at Days Inn and we did)! We arrived and had two pool side rooms situated on the 1st. floor. We basically invented the rooms and searched the rooms for roaches and bugs as described in previous posts. We found it very nice, comfortable beds, Wifi which worked all our stay for 15 days ). The pool was also amazing clean and house keeping was effective every morning (Hard working latin americans.) I can only tell that I didn't expected such a good service and clean place - we were ready to leave directly, but we were surprised, really!! Great place and no danger for children, we had 3 kids with us on 17, 14 and 7 years old. Absolutely no problem, respectful environment and no dirt as claimed earlier. If this place was situated in Italy, people would expect this older style. I have seen worse places in europe where its accepted because of its location on a hill side etc.
VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!Wrong decision. The very same night we arrived I found 4 roaches in the bathroom. Horrible smell.!After 1 hour I was changed to another room with 1 roach.I was told the hotel was booked.Unsafe elevator, buttons missing, had to use the stairs. Old building, noisy A/C, leaking refrigerator, wet carpet.ROOM 546 544Be carefull before booking,
I've stayed at Days Inn's before in other cities and another location in Orlando, and although they are not the most luxurious hotel's around, they are adequate and easy places to stay - except this one!I just checked out this morning after being there 3 days. The main problem was with checking in. Several weeks before, I booked my stay on-line at their web site, choosing a pool-side room with 2 double-beds for a price I had to pre-pay for in advance. When I checked in, they gave me a room with 2 double-beds, but not pool-side. Instead they gave me a room on the top floor of their tower, which was literally the farthest room away from the front desk. When I said I reserved a pool-side room, I was told they didn't have any. When I showed them my reservation that I printed on my computer printer after I made the reservation on-line, the male clerk working that evening (the manager) said, That's not guaranteed. WHAT When I was making the reservation on-line, you are given about 12-15 different choices of rooms to choose from, depending on type and number of beds, amenities, etc. If a room isn't guaranteed, then why is a guest given all these choices to choose from Also, if the room is pre-paid for in advance, doesn't that lock in a guaranteeThis is just the first of all the domino's that began to fall when I was checking in. With my luggage, I walked up the 5 flight's of stairs to the room they gave me to find out the key wouldn't open the lock (magnetic key card). I walked back down first put my luggage back in the car before going back to the front desk telling them the key wouldn't open the door. They called for a Maintenance person to walk up with me to the room and he tried to open the door with his master key. It wouldn't unlock. He continued to try for about 3 minutes when it finally opened, then said to me There you go. But then I asked him if I go out tonight, I don't want to stand there for 3 minutes trying to open this door, at which he replied that he would be back in the morning to fix it. As he walked away, I entered the room and almost keeled-over from the smell in it. No kidding! It smelled as though someone had deficated human feces everywhere in the room. In addition, the lights were already on, the beds were unkept, and the TV was playing. I quickly ran out and yelled at the Maintenance guy to come back. When he entered the room, he looked surprised and went to the phone to apparently call the front-desk. At this point, I was livid! I stormed out of the room, ran down to the front desk, and in front of everyone in the lobby pointed at the male clerk behind the desk and sternly said, I want the pool-side room I reserved and I want it now! He yelled back We dont have any! I don't care for your attitude with me and I'll call the cops and have you thrown out for trespassing. Then you can sleep on the street tonight! At that, I said, Fine, and picked up my cell phone to call Days Inn's 800 number with the intention of getting someone of authority higher up than this guy to fix this situation. Possibly feeling threatened, the male clerk and a female clerk pulled out a large notebook and began looking frantically through it. When I reached a human voice on the Days Inn 800 line, the male clerk said he had a room on the 2nd floor with a king bed and asked if that would be OK with me. I told the person on the phone I may be calling back then hung up. I told the male clerk that I would look at it and let him know. He made up 2 keys, I went to look at the room, then returned to the front desk to tell him that it would be acceptable. After I settled into the room, I returned to the front desk and told the male clerk I was sorry for my outburst, but that I was within my right for it because of the problems that occured. I didn't catch every word the clerk said after that, but it sounded something like You don't know what's going on around here so there was no need to act like that, which told me there may be some sort of internal, political employee problems at this hotel - but that's still no excuse for the problems I enxcountered as a guest of this hotel.When I checked out this morning, the female clerk who took care of it asked me timidly Are you still mad at us She told me she was working the night I checked in and saw everything that happened. I answered her Yeah - a little bit, and she only said she hoped I would consider returning again sometime in the future. Maybe - if they gutted the place, did a complete remodeling job and hired all new, respondible hotel staff.
I was down there for the Cisco Live event in June. The reason I stayed there was because all the recommended hotels by Cisco were full, so this was my only choice.I checked in and was told the restaurant was closed for repairs, i accepted that, but when i got to my room and opened the door I had just realized my nightmare. The bathroom was filthy, the carpets were disgusting with stains and the room had the smell of Death in it. I knew someone else staying there, so I went to their room to see how it was and it was even worse!,,,,what a joke this place is. I tried to login into the wireless, it DID NOT WORK THE ENTIRE DURATION OF MY STAY. After the second night of sleeping in my clothes because of how disgusting the room was, I looked under my bed and low and behold A DEAD RAT.i jumped up, ran to the front desk and told them about it... They did not even look phased, worried or cared and without missing a beat she said all I can do is get you another room.... Please, unless you're from the ghetto and you want to stay somewhere that is rather inexpensive, then don't stay here it will ruin your entire experience... days inn as a company need to review this property, I'm not sure how they let this happen....
When we got there to check in, they made us pay a 50 deposit per room that they neglected to mention on the phone when the rooms were booked. So instead of renting two rooms as planned, we had to rent just one.The A/C in the room was terrible, it hardly cooled the room down - probably because the insulation was so bad you could see the sunlight around the edges of the room door (which also meant you could hear every person running by and yelling at all hours). The sink in our room also clogged several times.We found several cockroaches crawling in various places (including the bed). We all have random bug bites now, probably from mosquitoes coming in thanks to the poorly sealed door. There were odd stains on the ceiling as well.The free WIFI came in and out, and it interrupts your browsing with full in-browser ads, which actually gave our laptop a virus. It slowed down our computer noticeably during our stay so we checked when we got home and had to remove it.They gave us two tiny bottles of shampoo (no conditioner) and two bars of soap, for a room that's supposed to sleep four people. Three towels, and two hand towels. There was no ice machine, and you have to pay for a mini fridge. They also had no complimentary breakfast in the mornings.All in all, a huge disappointment and we definitely will not be staying at this hotel again. Don't recommend it to anyone else.
The front of the hotel looks very nice and we were actually pleasantly surprised when we pulled in the driveway--if only our room in the back had been so nice. It looks like they invested all of the renovation money in the front of the hotel, NOT in the back, where there are quite a few rooms. Aside from the room looking dingy and feeling gross, there was a crack between the doorjam and the actual door that you could peek through into the room if you leaned up to the crack--it was wide enough that the brochures the local eateries were sliding into the door went all the way in easily! The broken mini-fridge was actually propped up with the Bible. There was no way I was going to let my kids stay in this motel, we checked out and went to the Days Inn Airport--which was 5 cheaper a night, and although it was no palace, at least we felt safe and had a clean place to stay! I wish that I had just booked a hotel chain I trust from the beginning instead of trying to save a little money--learn from my mistakes!
The room is old and not taken care of. A piece of metal is screwed into the wall where the door handle went through. Pieces of unmatched tile around the tub enclosure not even cut correctly and God knows what was around the faucet. It seems they are only interested in your money and not maintaining the rooms.
We were delayed on our flight back to the UK by 6 hours and decided to book into a motel to wait. Days Inn was first we found and under 50 for a night. So v. cheap with free Wi-Fi and coffee machine. However, the lift was not confidence inspiring and creaked and crashed, the room was not as clean as it may be, we were pleased not to get in the beds and the general environment felt a bit rough/unsafe. We were fine though and had no real issues. Free Wi-Fi dropped constantly and the a/c would not stay on - kept cutting out. I would not stay overnight or at least not more than night and would only do so as a single traveller. Not quite an avoid but go with eyes open.
Coming from Texas I booked online and checked all the pictures available before and it was good. But when I got there this one was terrible specially considering that it is a prime location for tourism in orlando. Walls were peeling off, very dirty, sink was not working neither the hair dryer. No refrigerator or microwave, when I went downstairs to get ice, machine does not work either. Black mold in the shower and lamps that did not work. Original carpet was replaced without removing the sides showing old carpet. At the website they say free wifi and breakfast.... Free wifi yes but no breakfast.
The staff were horrible!!!!!!! We told them there were bed bugs on our pillows and we have photos and a video to prove it!!!!! They treated us as if we brought the bugs with us!!!!!!.Yes,they changed our room but rented the room to someone else .We will never stay at this hotel again and will share this story to everyone The manager never contacted us !!!!!!!
the only thing about the hotel it was dusty plus the AC dripped water outside and my dad that is 75 years old fell because it was slippery which i didn't like that at all he got his knee scraped all.
The room was very clean but the property is old. The bathroom ceiling looked moldy. It did not smell bad.
This place needs a complete restoration. Ceilings and walls have patches everywhere. The room smells like mold. The towels are like sandpaper. Bedding is stained and mattresses are sagging. The tub is dripping. There are plenty of cockroaches. I could go into more detail, but then I might throw up.
Filthiest hotel I've ever stayed at. Room service didn't change the sheets once during a 5 night stay, they only replaced towels. Door didn't close properly allowing loud noises to enter room 24/7. Phone and alarm clock didn't work. Half the lights didn't work. Literal holes in wall, peeling paint. Disgusting.
We paid for a cheap room and we got it. The place seemed kind of sketchy. Had my husband not had a concealed license and been carrying his gun we probably wouldn't of stayed here. We only needed one night to sleep. We did check the beds first and slept fine. We would not go back to this motel though.
Sheets were dirty, beds were uncomfortable, floor was filthy with big burn marks in carpet from previous guest. Had to ask for a bag for the ice bucket, no lid. Fell on the stairs
I arrived late at night and the night watchman managed to mangle my reservation. Fortunately the receptionist in the morning managed to sort out a little matter of double billing due to the nightwatchman's mangle. The room was on the second floor and ok. Price was good and I might stay here again if I am ever back in Orlando.
I have stayed at days inn in the past this was the worst stay I have ever had I am disabled my friends were to stay close by to help me that is the way the rooms were rented that is not what happened they were put upstairs no air conditioner no phone hook up and maintence said what do you want for 40 dollars the worst stay I ever had the front desk girl 2nd shift very rude not acceptable
Horrible motel, rooms smell of damp, people wandering in off the street to do their laundry or use the pool. Security practically non-existent. Staff can't speak basic English and are constantly on their mobiles!!! You will not feel safe here especially if you have children. Awful!!
We checked in and the front lobby looks nice. The lady gave us our key card and we went to our room. We turned the lights on, the room smelt like mold. We turned the bathroom lights on and bugs were crawling all over the floor and walls. So we went back and asked for another room. They gave us a different room. When we got to that room, it smelt like smoke and not mold and again bugs all in the bath tub! Just a gross hotel.
I requested a non-smoking room due to having asthma. I was very tired that night and just wanted to sleep. Well once I entered the room, I felt like I just went into a cigar bar. It was awful. The smoke smell was so strong. I attempted to call the front desk but the phone wasn't working. No dial tone at all. It was 1am and I was so tired that I just fell asleep on the bed. The smoke smell kept waking me up till I had to put the blanket over my head the whole night. A roach was also on the nightstand and rug stains all throughout the room. Most disgusting experience from a hotel in my life.
Days Inn Orlando Fl 5858 international dive by Wet N Wild, 7-11, and Red Lobster.Would pick a better Hotel next time. For starters they advertise to give shuttles to the parks however that shuttle service is one drop off time and a few pick up times. We were going to Universal Studio which opens at 10 but the shuttle doesnt leave until 10:45. The park closes at 8 but the shuttle picks up at 7:15 and 10:15. However Universal studios is in walking distance, so we choice to walk. It took us about 20 minutes to walk along with a wheelchair, so many may be able to walk faster. Also the shuttle require a 24 hour notice for wheelchairs. So since we didnt know exactly when we would need them ahead of time we were not able to use their shuttle.We started in room 275. We let the front desk know that we needed a fridge, as we have meds that have to be kept cold, and they did get us a fridge. The fridge does keep things cold but doesnt seal on top. You can put your finger right into the fridge. So we put a towel on top to help keep things out and the fridge cold. Fridges and Microwaves are available for an extra 10 charge. However, the next day, we found some uninvited bugs in our room. Not the end of world but I really am bug-a-phobic. I called the front desk and asked them to send someone to spray while we were out. When we got back they had the fan on in the bathroom and we didnt see anything.. But the next morning we I had to turn the light on for the bathroom we found more. We quickly got dress as we kept finding more and my husband went to speak the manager. We were asked to wait a half hour for the manager to come in. Half hour later, the manager was in a meeting so my husband told the front desk lady the issues. They called in a contractor to spray and moved us to room 105. The new room was much bigger and nicer looking. Plus it had a table and two chairs which was not in the other room.The door to room 275 didnt really seal at all. You could see the light from outside and pizza places where putting ads/coupons in the door frames. The ads would come right through the right side of the door and fall to floor a few feet in. In room 105 the door sealed better but there were people outside smoking and talking and you could totally hear them plus smell their smoking in the room. At least the ads got stuck in the door. Everything went ok after that except for toilet overflowing once. My husband quickly shut off the water to the toilet and we put down towels on the floor. I called the front desk and a lady came down to our room and asked what was wrong, although I explained it over the phone. They sent down the maintenance guy who just fixed the toilet. My husband asked if it was going to get cleaned up and we were told yes but that is housekeepings job. 15 minutes later we recalled the front desk and asked if someone was going to clean up the mess and bring us new towels. We had used towel to clean up the water. Housekeeping was around shortly after to cleanup and put in new towels. Other issue with the room beside it being run down was hearing everything that was going on outside.The hotel does not have a continental breakfast but they told us there is a Deli but we just went to Wal-Mart for quick breakfast foods. There is also 7-11 two spots down and Dennys and I-Hop are across the street.The interest is also issues at this hotel. There is Wi-Fi here but often the internet will not work. I know the issue is not my computer as my laptop is running just fine. I took the downtime to do extra maintenance work and write start to write this review.Our children did try the pool but shortly came back because they said it was cold and not that clean.. However it was a windy day so that may be why. Over all about a two star hotel which does have some issues but they are in the perfect location with Wet n Wild being about a block, Universal Studios in walking distance, and the I-trolley stop for SeaWorld and anything else on international drive as one the trolley I-ride stop is just across the street. For me I would rather stay at one of the nicer hotels, which seem to be closer to SeaWorld as the ones on the south side of International Drive look a bit older and run down.
Woman rude at front desk. 1 person paid--2 people couldn't pay for the room. 1 room old dirty carpet in 403, 401 had tile-good. Bathroom very fan noisy. AC turned off with a loud sigh EVERY time. It looked clean. Couldn't control cold, needed an extra cover-none. Did bring 1 not 2. We were there because of the cost.
Think of the meth hotel in Breaking Bad and you might be able to visualize the filthiness, the rundown, the broken items in this room. There is.mold in the bathroom, black hair in the shower, I can't say one good thing about it. Never never book a reservation here unless it't for someone you hate and even then it might be too much.
I as at a conference at the OCCC and the days inn was only 10 minutes walk away from the center. So a super location.The pool was rather cold, but i did not have time to get into it anyway. The room was clean and okay. For the price it was excelent, but I have been in nicer rooms.
The place is ion a good location, staff is friendly but no refrigerator or microwave, so if you are planning to stay more than one night just know that you will be spending a lot of money.
Room had funny smell, bugs, no phone no clock, no iron, bathroom was dirty. The room was just not very nice and they couldn't put us next to our family even though there was no one in the room next to us the entire stay. The only good thing was it's location and price but I guess you get what you pay for. They only had one room key. We be choosing another hotel next time...and we don't recommend it. I have stayed at Days Inn hotels and have had nothing but good experiences until this visit.
it is ok, great location, very clean rooms, near to everything on International drive, walking distance to great restaurants and activities, but customer service need to improve, upon my arrival ! I went to the front desk, and the lady on front desk was really rude, for me customer services is needs to be number one... Great location , but customer services is 0.
To be on a very important intersection like international Dr. Orlando this hotel is terrible. The bed was sunk in in the middle the tv is outdated plaster on ceiling in the bathroom I will never stay here again or recommend it to anyone. It really needs an upgrade.
his name is em. when i checked in, I told him many times that I will settle my bill with cash when checking out. he still charged my credit card.cockroaches were found in my room and outside the balcony.it is unbelievable that the room has no fridge.
The General Manager was absolute jerk to me, my fianc and my friends who also had their own room. The other front desk representatives were equally unwelcoming and rude! The advertised room price was not honored at all and I inquired while they were actually putting the discounted price up! With the poor level of customer service and the false advertising, I actually thought about reporting them. It was a Vacation and I wasnt trying to spend my time thinking about legal issues. But I was apauled by this hotel. Never will I stay with them again.
I have been in multiple Days Inn properties and I like them. This one is not among them. I picked this one as of proximity of my meeting location - I now wish I should have choose something else.Confusing floor plan spread across 2 different buildings. Hanging stuff in bathroom, you cant understand weather you have open or shut a tap. Either you get too cold water or too hot water. No breakfast at all - there is buffet you can pay but that is just OK. Inconsistent WiFi and bad room lightning. Staff are good - but they are overloaded. Hence very little time for checking with you.
Booked this hotel for the price. Amazing price, great location but.....you get what you paid for. One of the beds were broken, the room smelled like bug spray (I guess at least they spray), no hot water in the shower, the property looks like a prison, carpet was at least 400yrs old. But, location is 1mi from universal and will serve its purpose for one night at that great price.
The room had no coffee maker in it. I went to the front desk and told them. They said they would have one brought to me. Half an hour later i called the front desk and the phone rung for about 20 or more times until someone decided to pick up. Then i had to explain that i had went to the office and no one had came to the room and brought the coffee maker to me yet and finally after another 5-10 mins of waiting they came and gave it to me. It was not a good experience at all. The only reason i got the room was becasue i had to be at the airport early in the morning, mind you that i did not get there to check in until 930pm.
This is not an attractive hotel. It is an old hotel. There were spider webs near the sink. There was mold inside of the restroom (near the shower). There was no microwave or refrigerator. I was told to go downstairs to get extra towels. There were a lot of human noise outside during the night. Prostitutes seem to be roaming on the property. During checkout, the guy at the front desk seemed nonchalant when questions were asked.
Will definatley stay again next year as rooms decent size and beds made and room cleaned new fresh towels every day and good size pool and loungers plenty off theres also a laundry and drier and its next to convention centre and great area on international drive geat holiday just home xthe hotel is also joined onto the I hop restaurant and they do fab pancakes my daughter was in shock also mcdonalds across road and 2 supermarkets x
we stayed there for three nights. they have shuttle buses to sea world, epcot, magic kingdom and universal. no breakfast but there is a seven eleven next to it where you can buy stuff you need. there is no need to take a cab from the airport if you dont mind taking the bus which is 2 dollars and runs ever 30 minutes to orlando international airport.the rooms are okay some do not have a good wifi acces.
I can't believe this was a days inn. I tried to book a days inn near the convention center, and that's the location I clicked, but somehow it booked me at this location. Where to start... no phone, lamps didn't work, sheets didn't fit the bed, patched up tiles in the bathroom to cover holes (and none of it matched), exposed electrical outlets hanging out of the walls, housekeeping didn't clean anything (not even the toilet) during my stay. My rooms door had been pried opened, and hammered back to seal the door, Worst hotel I've ever been at.
The hotel doors hardly close and open very well. There was a couple next-door that plays music very loud and you could smell marijuana coming through the room. The front desk that was not very friendly .
There is no fridge, no microwave, no hanger. The safe isn't work. My trip was a disaster they do not serve any breakfast. No more please stay away
The Hotel seems to have some really nice staff. The people staying in the hotel are a mix of sketchy to good people. The rooms need maintenance and repainted. the TV quality was poor. There was only one ice machine. There is no Breakfast. Pool area was okay. The picture in our room looked like it was on its last leg. Did not see any bugs. Bed was Comfortable.
I stayed at this hotel for two weeks last summer. The hotel itself is nothing special, but it was fine for what I was paying. In honesty, I would pay more to have a better hotel, but I dont regret staying there.The room was clean, it was spacious, but basic. The only complaints I had were that the air con was quite noisy and leaked a bit, and after nobody turned up to fix it, I just switched it off completely. Another complaint was the safe. When I arrived, there was no door on it at all, but after one call, they came and fixed it.Another was just the position of the room. I was on the first floor, and at the main entrance to the rooms in the hotel, so EVERYONE walked past my room constantly, and they weren't quiet, and especially at night, this did bother me a little, but that was minor, and not the hotels fault.In future, I would rather pay a little bit more for a nicer hotel, but if I couldnt afford to, I'd be quiet happy staying here. It's in a GREAT location, and I felt safe enough to walk around at night on my own.
My family and I were at the days inn for 5 days. We had 3 different rooms during this stay. Each room had a different problem. The first room the airconditioner leaked all over the rug. The second room had a leak into the bathroom light. The third room the airconditioner hardly worked at all. Each room was filthy. I seen either dead roaches or live roaches in each room. I know florida has bug problems but the hotel should have an exterminator on the premises. The hotel also needs more cleaning staff. I really was afraid to sit on the toilets and had a hard time sleeping because of the bugs. I have stayed in budget hotels before but this on was the worst. It was also dangerous, due to the plumbing issues. In fact, this hotel just needs to be condemned!
After my husband deploying out overseas I needed some well deserved girl time weekend. We rented several rooms and was so plesently surprised wtih everything. We weren't sure what things to see in the area and did not want to miss anything worth seeing. The manager took extra time to explain food, entertainment and girl things to do in the area which he felt we wouldn't want to miss. This really helped we girl get alot of things of enjoyment thanks to him. We found most things close to hotel and rooms were clean. I look foward to more girls weekends there.
Room had a yucky smell, lights did not all work, each day we did not receive towels, workers at the front desk were not very pleasant to deal with and once we arrived, the rate went up from what we was quoted! Will not be staying there again!
ALthough for the price the room was average, there was no coffee maker and they would not accept my AARP card.
Illegal activity going on the parking lot when we arrived. There was women standing next to motels doors waiting to be served or get served no working vending machines for a soft drink. Black mold growing in the ceiling of our room. The room stunk terribly. There were holes all in the walls and they were patched with thin metal plates. My husband stepped on something and come to find out, it was an extention cord running underneath the carpet, from the out side to the air conditioner inside. We wedged two chairs next to the door because it would not shut properly. The shower head was about to fall out. We felt gross even after a bath. We slept fully dressed because I didn't want any of body parts touching the bed.
The bill receipt which I have received from Days Inn says 376 dollar for two room but when I checked my credit statement it shows two transaction of 204 was charged.
I had booked this hotel for my mom on a last min. when i tryed to call to see if my mom checked in thay did not ansewer the phones for about 2 hrs straight had to call the 800 to see if she got there.. she had told me the next morning that the room smelled musty and was not as clean she expected paying 100.00 + for the night we will say we will not be back there...
Aunque el hotel en sus instalaciones esta completamente nuevo, el servicio de limpieza pasa solo cada 8 dias! y aseo general cada 15, queda lejos de todo, no tiene piscina, creo que para una emergencia de ultima hora funcionaria bien porque no veo ningun servicio que valga la pena resaltar. El precio es lo llamativo del lugar.
I stayed ONE night, before I could get my bag out of the car, I was propositioned twice, and three times asked if I wanted to buy drugs. Then in the room it looked like one of those rooms out of a horror story, dried blood on the sheets roaches crawling on the floor, Seeing we were new to Florida... More
5 months ago My family lost our home we first stayed at Kenwood motel and then the Mosley motel wish are across the street from the New Plaza Motel, I can tell you after a week in each and the pictures they both have on line are all a BIG FAT LIE! the bugs the drugs the prostitution and the... More
My name is Cathy and after visting the Mosley Motel on December 2, 2011 I thought is was a great place to live. They have new management and staff, who were very friendly and helpful. For Christmas they gave me and my two children Christmas gifts and a wonderful Christmas meal. Keep up the good work Mosley Motel.
This place is overall disgusting. I used a whole can of roach spray the first night. The staff act as if you're infringing on their time when maintenance is needed. Stay away from this roach-infested crack house.
This was our first time staying at the hotel. Overall liked the hotel. We did not know there was not an elevator and we were on the third floor. Hiking stairs got kinda old. Friendly staff. Very convenient to restaurants and FSU.
Just left after three nights - one of which was because I was stranded in Tallahassee due to winter weather on the East Coast. The staff could not have been nicer or more welcoming in helping me stay another night. The Inn does fill up Monday through Thursday because it is so convenient to the Florida Legislature. Restaurants, Florida State... More
This is a little known secret in Tallahassee. It is as close to a Ritz-Carlton as you will find in Tallahassee. Comfortable rooms with excellent service. The restaurant is good. Valet service and close to everything state business, you can walk to the Capitol. Lots of restaurants around you. Good night life.
This is a very quaint hotel with beautiful historic details centrally located on Adams street walking distance to the Capital with great restaurants and bars surrounding it. If you are with a large group it is inconvenient as the lobby is tiny and there is no place to gather, no bar, no restaurant. There is also no elevator so keep... More
Location: great! Atmosphere: great! Staff: great! History of building: great! This is a fun inn with historical info about different governors throughout the years at the entry to each room (each room is called that governors name). Plus the place used to be a horse stable and the beautiful arched wood is still showing throughout. I will stay here again... More
nice place, cant expect a lot for a value price---rooms were clean, neat. breakfast area was nice. again, --manage expectations, you cannot expect a marriott but if you are looking for a clean place, this will do
Stayed here before our cruise. The rooms were large and clean. Hotel shuttle bus from airport very unreliable though. We were given 4 differing times that we would be picked up and waited over an hour. Had we known we would have taken a taxi. There is only one restaurant within walking distance and no where to eat dinner in... More
Erica from the front desk went above and beyond for device. She offered to see what she had from the continental breakfast because we just arrived to the hotel and missed breakfast. Answered all our questions and was very helpful. Our shuttle drive Jamie was very helpful as well and went above and beyond to help us with our luggage.... More
When first walking in the room had a very strong smell of cleaners! We were told that all the rooms had just been cleaned and would smell the same. We got woke up at 1:40am by prank calls. Maybe they need a makeover!
Adjacent to fast food spots and strip mall featuring a Dollar Store and Winn-Dixie, open until 11pm. Handy for buying things you didn't remember to pack, but can't live without for a week or so. Complimentary breakfast is surprisingly good.
We stayed here pre and post cruise. The price was right, and it fitted our needs. Soft pillow to rest your head, filling breakfast in the morning, and friendly staff. It won't knock your socks off, but that wasn't what we were looking for! We would stay here again.
Outrageous Price Gouging. First of all this hotel is an 89 a night at best. My rate went from 149 on the first night to 199 on for night 2 to 269 on night 3. You be the judge. I am a platinum member that obviously means nothing. Room are not bad but need updates.
We stayed here because of it's location to Universal Studios and it's a smoke free hotel. The hotel, being a Plus hotel didn't seem any better than a run of the mill Best Western. We assumed because of the hotel description that the hotel had...More
We stayed for 4 nights and the room was very spacious, clean and modern. Breakfast was great since we were able to eat at the Hotel which saved time and money. Also the location was very convenient to attractions and the information counter in the...More
The room was clean the staff knowledgable helpful. We were on first floor there was definitely some noise- how could there not be with a 3/4 in gap between door frame (we didn't need a nightlight- the light streaming through that...More
Stayed for 3 nights Oct. 17 to 20, 2012. We are 2 adults. Had large, king-bed room on top floor with good size mini-fridge, small microwave, coffee maker and combo radio/alarm/sound machine, safe, plus ironing board iron in room. Hotel looks renovated with newer-looking...More
Our stay was just blocks away from Universal Studios. The free breakfast was great. Free transportation to the park twice daily. Can purchase your tickets to the parks in the lobby. Restaurant's just feet away from your location. We will be back for sure.
Numerous problems at hotel. TV, safe, A/C and electrical outlets all had issues. We killed two cockroaches and everything is worn out or old. Breakfast was good as well as housekeeping. Bed was comfortable. Hotel staff at front desk was not helpful and had a...More
Stayed one night whilst in Orlando as a group of four 21/22 year old Australian girls, purpose of our trip was a visit to Universal Studios. Room was suffice for one night - staff were lovely, and held our bags from approx 930am - 11pm...More
This Hotel at 5618 Vineline Road in Orlando, FL is an excellent property to stay. Their employees are courteous and anxious to serve. The room rates are affordable and the FULL BREAKFAST DAILY are the best. You are not asked to conserve energy by NOT...More
This hotel is great. Clean everywhere, no bugs, family friendly and good location (right off I-4). Breakfast area very clean with typical filling bf staff was great, very nice and attentive to our needs. Will definitely stay there next time we go to Lakeland.
We came here with our son and his girlfriend. We had a fantastic relaxing fun time! Lollye On the Beach is perfect! The staff are a delight! They really go the extra mile to make your stay great. Its an older establishment but very clean. We have been here before and will continue to come back. A great place to... More
It's an adorable place, but you are basically on your own. Bring your own coffee, help yourself to towels outside in the guest supply cabinet. I was appalled that when I asked for a blanket, I was told to check the outside cabinet, where to my dismay, I found a celadon green blanket circa 1968, that stunk. This place is... More
So after a long drive from northern Ohio, we get to the place. Their check in is a mail box with a piece of paper in it telling you where you go. We were sent to another location where it looked nothing like the pictures online. Rooms are left unlocked so anyone can just walk in. When I walked into... More
I stayed for 5 nights at this hotel while I was attending a technical meeting at a nearby resort.PROS1. A reasonable nightly rate (probably not the cheapest though)2. Good free breakfast that includes juice, coffee, milk, tee, cereal, toast, bagel, waffle, pancake, egg scramble, bacon, apple, banana etc ... Breakfast area is large enough.3. Good location: close to the highway and walking distance to the Sea World4. Good wifi connection5. Good front desk staffs - I liked the gentleman during the daytime in particularCONS1. The room was clean (and good enough for me) but not fancy2. House keeping could be improved - Their service was not quite consistent.Overall, not much to complain!Check-in/check-out process was smooth and quick.
The rooms are small and the beds are uncomfortable. The bathroom is very small and the shower area in the room is made for a child to use. Please consider another hotel. It is no use of getting up early to get breakfast at this hotel because it is TERRIBLE. I would not recommend this hotel to anybody. I would tell you to stay away from it. It is not up to par with other Best Western Plus hotels that they have in other locations across the country.
The facility is well kept and very friendly atmosphere. Good breakfast and great location for easy access to just about anything you might need. Walking distance to Orange County Convention center- about a 15 minute walk.
Have stayed at this hotel before and have never been disappointed it is a great value for the price and very close to Sea World which is where we went. No problems of any kind. The hotel was full, so the breakfast area was crowded, but the food was still good, and for the most part was replenished when an item had run out. Will definitely stay here again.
Simple but clean and all amenities necessary for a business stay. Good breakfast for this price range. Staff always cleans tables as guests leave and helpful cheerful front desk staff. Traveled with some foreign guests and they made them very comfortable as well.
Super friendly front desk people and the rooms were very clean and updated. Only downside is the breakfast area is small and people on business trips used it as a conference/meeting room during breakfast time.
Nice, clean hotel with good amenities. Breakfast room too small for the number of people staying (many took food to their rooms). Only other disappointment was that our room had only a shower, not a full bath. We are sorry you were disappointed with some aspects of your stay. We strive to make every guest happy and comfortable. We have had a very very busy Spring season and the hotel has been at capacity many days. Unfortunately that has meant that our breakfast area has been a bit crowded some mornings when everyone shows up at the same time. We do provide outdoor seating to alleviate some of the space issues. Our breakfast is pretty extensive with eggs, meat, pancakes, cereals, fruits, breads, etc - so guests may also linger a bit longer than at other less complete breakfasts. Our regular rooms do feature a glass shower with a separate granite vanity area. This design was created due to guest reviews and requests. It seems that most guests prefer a shower and the tub was wasted space. We do have a few handicap access rooms that have tubs, so if you return to the area, please inquire about them. There bathroom set up may work better for you. We hope you will come see us again!
This hotel has recently been renamed the Best Western Plus. When telling taxi drivers where you are staying, you may have to refer to it as the Windsor Inn or Sleep Inn. The confusion in names made it difficult for the airline to return a piece of lost baggage, since they didn't have the new name in their computer system. We booked our room on www.hotels.ca and got a room with 2 double beds for 49/night.I stayed here on October 18-21 to visit Universal Studios and do some shopping prior to a conference at the Orange County Convention Centre. As two female travelers, we felt safe and enjoyed the many perks of staying at this hotel. LOCATION: This hotel has a fantastic location! It's located right off I-Drive, and there is an I-Trolley stop right across the street. You can easily reach both outlet malls on the I-Trolley. There is a shuttle that takes guests to Universal Studios, SeaWorld and Disneyworld. They drop-off in the morning, and return for pick-up twice in the evening. This means that you have to stay at the park for a decent amount of time. The shuttle is quick and pain-free.BREAKFAST: The breakfasts are fantastic. It is hectic around 8:30 AM when everybody is getting ready to visit the theme-parks. This makes breakfast a rather rushed affair since there are limited tables, and it is not always desirable to sit outside because of the weather. The buffet consisted of: pancakes, bacon/sausage, eggs, pastries, oranges, and juice. Of course, all of the jam included corn syrup, as did the pancake syrup. There are whole-wheat English muffins.THEME PARK TICKETS: There is a person who sells tickets to the theme parks at a 'discount.' After talking to him, I determined that purchasing from his is not that different from purchasing online. He sells Universal Studios 2-day park-to-park passes for 130 cash, or 135 with a credit card. He also had Disneyworld tickets for 30 off, however, this only applied with a group of three or more, and this was with a special 'employee voucher,' for which you had to notify him one day in advance, and go with him to the park to purchase the tickets. From my observations of his interactions with other guests, he didn't seem particularly keen to garner business, so I would probably look around for better deals.AMENITIES: The rooms were simple, but great. They hotel is newly renovated, and each has a safe. Although the bathroom had a funky odour, I think this is more likely attributed to the smell in Orlando's tap water, rather than hotel cleanliness.STAFF: I cannot describe how wonderful the staff were. We were greeted by Derek, who directed us to our room, and provided suggestions on where to eat. We also met another staff member named Derek, who was most courteous and helpful. There was no problem stowing our luggage with the desk since we went to a theme park after checking out... however, I was rather shocked that they did not ask for any ID to make sure that we were the owners when picking up our luggage afterwards.OVERALL: A wonderful hotel, and a great way to save money, particularly with a family. There's a pool and gym, and this provides a simple and affordable, yet comfortable place to relax while in Orlando.
short walk to seaworld .there also was a shuttle available.I bought my tickets right in the lobby one of the staff gave me a coupon for free drinks at Delmonico restaurant . excellent!! great steakhouse.
Great service, excellent and friendly staff who are always helpful, good hot breakfast, and within walking distance to convention center (about 10-15 min). Room is good and clean. I-Trolley that runs along International drive is right outside. Sea World is within walking distance too (although I did not go there).
My wife and I prefer to stay at Best Western properties and this location further enforced our reasons. The Hotel was not very fancy but it met and our needs such as clean, good internet and excellent location at a very reasonable rate. The staff was very friendly and the free breakfast was excellent. We would recommend this location .
Great staff and breakfast, nice rooms, overall good value for price...closet to the convention center. Ideal even for family, not much in the area but only a skip and a hop to I-4 and your exactly where you need to be....Again, management is exceptional at helping to meet your needs.
This hotel is basic, but the location is really good. It was clean, and checkin and checkout was smooth. Staff was helpful in answering our questions about the area. Our family of 3 was super cosy in a room with two double beds and three suitcases. The hotel was really full and breakfast was insanely crowded. The woman who restocked all the food items and cleaned up worked her tail off, but the quality of the food itself was dreadful.
The room was fine, all amenities including the alarm clock worked to ensure a very early departure. I especially appreciated being given a ground floor location since I had to depart for the Airport 4 AM.
This time was a better visit. They had my reservations for my stay this time. Also, the worker at the front desk remembered me from my last visit. The rooms remain comfortable, however my only hang up is what I would call a design flaw rather than a hotel comfort/staffing issue. The shower heads are not very good, and also the shower door opens into the shower, getting water on the outside of the shower and on the floor just outside the shower. Otherwise a good trip overall.
Hotel was very modern, and clean. Breakfast was very good with a good amount of selection. Very good price for the area.But Sea World is about 1 mile away, and you have to walk through posted no pedestrian signs, which is wrong.
I really enjoyed my stay at the Windsor Inn. I stayed there for 7 nights at the beginning of October. The front desk staff was amazing and were quick to offer suggestions. The housekeeping staff was great as well, my room was always clean. The hotel itself is newly renovated.The hotel is a quick walk from Seaworld and provides a free shuttle to Disney. The free breakfast was pretty standard but had some of the best hotel coffe Ive experienced. On the nights that I didnt eat supper at the parks, I ate at a nearby restaurant called Village Inn. I usually just ate breakfast for supper but it was good and reasonably priced.Im looking forward to returning for my next trip!Thank you for your kind comments. We are always pleased to hear that guests enjoyed their stay with us. We are now called the Best Western Plus Orlando Convention Center Hotel. We have upgraded a few more things since your stay. We now feature a full hot breakfast with eggs, sausage and fresh waffles along with the offerings you enjoyed. We will continue to improve the guest experience and hope you will come stay with us the next time you are in Orlando.
I needed a hotel near a conference center in Orlando and had a hard time finding a decent one at a price that wasn't an arm and a leg. This one was about 2 miles from my conference location and was priced better than any around it. The lower price had me concerned but I searched the neighborhood and other reviews until satisfied. Glad I stayed here. It was clean, staff was polite and I felt safe (single woman traveler on this trip).
Hotel was quiet, comfortable and priced right. Kind of felt like staying with family!! The staff was very helpful but Derek was fantastic! Went way above and beyond to make sure our stay was great. He even went as far as to volunteer to pick us up at 3:50AM to get us to the airport for a flight home. Thanks again Derek!! I would definitely stay again.Hi Kat19526, isn't Derek the best he is a great asset of our property along with the rest of our staff, it takes a team effort and each one are recognized with rewards for getting their names mentions by our guests. He I both appreciate your recognition. We look forward to serving you again if you return to Orlando. Thank You,Hotel Manager
This was a great choice for my business travel. The price was reasonable, the facility was very clean/comfortable, and the location was perfect. It was a short walk to the convention center, and I was also able to walk to a nice place for dinner.
The good: The guys at the front desk were great. Attentive, full of information, courteous and smiling. The room (407) was quiet during the night. A free breakfast is always a plus. The coffee in the room was ok. Complimentary water. Bigger frig and TV. A free outlet next to the bed! The price. Good location. Village Inn next door.The bad: uh oh. What's that on the floor Housekeeping left a little souvenir behind. Don't bother paying more for executive room. Small room with only toilet and small shower in bathroom. Sink outside bathroom. Bright parking lot light at night. Told by one employee when I called the hotel that Sea World had fireworks at night so made special requests for Sea World facing room. They didn't. Breakfast eggs were of the powdered kind. No yogurt. (But then again, I can't complain - it was satisfactory and free.) Pool was basically bordered by parking lot. (Nobody used it during my stay.) No shopping within walking distance. I've stayed in new BW Plus hotels and this is not a Plus. Probably wont stay here again. If you found my review helpful, please click on yes. Thanks.
Locationis excellent... Rooms are clean and spacious. Bed are comfortable... Reasonable price...nice small swimming pools... You can find some restaurantsand shops at walking distnace... Top attractions are 5-10 minutes drive... Down rown are 15 minutes away. MR Derek at the front desk is awesome
I've been staying at this hotel for the past 5 years when I attend an annual convention nearby. I could pay more at the convention site but this hotel is conveniently located with free parking. The rooms have been tastefully updated over the years. The beds are comfortable. Breakfast options were good and the coffee was surprisingly good too. I wish there were more restaurants within walking distance. I'll be back next year.
We had a conference and the Rosen and were looking for a more inexpensive place to stay. I decided to try the Best Western and was pleased with it. The only negative was that the wireless service in my room wasn't great. It dropped me several times. Breakfast was good with hot food. All the staff were pleasant and good to work with. The room was clean and comfortable. The bed was a little on the hard side for my liking but not bad. I didn't have any problem sleeping. Our room was right next to the elevator which I usually don't like but never heard it the whole time. The fitness center had good equipment in it that worked well. There is an outdoor pool but it was too cool for a swim (though there were kids enjoying it).The price was good so I'd stay another time I'm in the area. The Village Inn restaurant right next door is a good family restaurant to eat at while staying at the Best Western. Prices were very good and serving sizes were large. We really enjoyed the personality of our server and the manager.
Can't say anything bad about Sleep Inn Convention Center. Very clean room, comfy beds and good customer service. Breakfast was modest but very good. Served in a small area though so make sure that you're not late. Two important (and I believe useful) notes - there's only Family restaurant close by and a small grocery y store at Gas station.The good thing is that the Hotel is located on International drive and there is a I-Ride Trolley station next to the hotel. There are lots of dining, shopping places, attractions and major sea parks on International drive and I-Ride trolley can take you there for only 1.25 per person. That was very convenient!Not the best shuttle bus to theme parks though (small and full).
We've (my wife and I) stayed at this hotel a number of times. It's only a ten to fifteen minute walk to SeaWorld. Staff at Best Western (especially the manager Derick) are very courteous. The expansion, new addition, of the breakfast area was very nice to see. Room is very comfortable and quiet. We'll be staying there again in the very near future.
We have been to Disney before and wanted to visit Sea World. The Best Western is a hotel for families on a budget. It is on westwood drive, within walking distance (10 mins) to Sea World. Breakfast and parking was included in the hotel rate, which for the area is a bonus. Breakfast was decent, and the room good for a good nights sleep. Staff was friendly and allowed us to check in before 3 pm. They are usually full, so recommend a reservation in advance. They offer a shuttle to sea world but my kids and I just took a short walk back and forth and were able to go back to sea world for their night shows.
Too many misses from the normally great and reliable BW brand...sad! Hopefully they will be able to fix things and get back on board. We are Platinum level BW members and this is not the quality we have come to expect
Just finished a 2 night stay. There were a few positives but my initial 3/5 evaluation was influenced downward by the unfavourable opinions of my brother and adult son who traveled with me. Pluses included a breakfast with hot options and adequate space for seating, not always a given. The front end staff were friendly. The room was good value for a name brand this time of year.The small room however was below par in several ways. Had I been with my wife, I would have requested a move. Most critically, it was excessively musty smelling, noticeable as the door opened. The carpet felt damp and the issue was illustrated by the delamination on the doors of the cabinet. This had to be an undoing issue. There was a large piece of sticky green gum stuck to the seat of the lounge chair, impossible to miss during housekeeping. The toilet ran constantly. Lessor issues include limited toiletries such as a single bar of soap to share between the sink and (separate) shower areas. The lighting in the shower area was weak leaving the shower in shadow. All in all, given the miriad of options in the area, I'd suggest guests look elsewhere.
If you need a place to lay your head and rest, this is a great place. A group of us stayed for a competition and enjoy the room. The breakfast was not the best I have had, but it was food. Staff was friendly and very helpful.
My family and I have been going to the same place for couple years. Derek and staff has always made sure if we need anything let them know. I have a son in wheelchair and he likes quiet, We visit in June and October. Jon jr. love the mickey mouse waffles. Breakfast is always nice. Thank You for always a great time.
Me and my Family often take trips to Orlando. But usually never get lost lol. But after seaching for our hotel for an hour and asking other hotels for directions to no availe. I stopped in to the Sleep INN and Jean at the front desk was outstanding he took the time to PRINT me a map as well as directions. Saving my family and me valuable time and frustration. He went above and beyond my expectations and definatly will chose to stay at this hotel next time. Many thanks John C.
Just stayed overnight for a flight out the following day in Orlando. Okay for a night or two. No need to pay more and it met my expectations.Pool, internet, breakfast all good. Nothing fancy, but everything adequate and in a good location for what we needed.
This is the second time that we have stayed at this hotel and the refurbishment is now complete. All rooms have been completely renovated so they are very clean and come with a shower , modern TV and coffee maker. the rooms are abit on the small side but big enough to take two double beds. The staff are very frienly and helpful and encourage you to use the business centre if you need to. There is also a gym and a small heated pool which doesn't seem to get too busy. The breakfast is included free and it does provide you with an adequate start to the day if you require a big vried breakfast there are severl restaurants offering all you can get buffets close by. The hotel is in a great location and does offer great value for money including free parking , in room wifi and an ATM.We are so glad you have enjoyed two visits with us at the Best Western Plus Orlando Convention Center. We love to hear from guests that have experienced our upgrades in the past year. The hotel has been completely renovated and is now one of the newest hotels in the Orlando area. We appreciated your business and look forward to seeing you again on your next Florida trip!
The room had a dirty, musty smell. We stayed for 5 days and the bed linens were never changed. The air conditioner worked somewhat sporadically. The breakfast was mediocre at best. Stayed here only because of the price and would not stay again. Transportation to and from the convention center without a vehicle was a struggle. We were advised it was an easy .3 mile walk. It was not.
I will stay at this hotel in future visits to the area. Rooms are always clean. Great breakfast. Staff is always cleaning and polite. This is a great location for the convention center, SeaWorld, Universal Studios and Disney World. Plenty of night time activities in the area and places to eat.
From the moment i came here, Nita Perry were the most gracious couple ever, And while they need not accommodate my large truck, And trailer, With bikes in the back, They did with open arms :). I Love how this place feels like home, Not a Motel. People make a Place, Not a Building !.
Well maintained older retro motel. Nice wood paneling interior. Retro 1953 diner close by. Seemed to be a pleasant place. No lobby. Walls let noise come through. For the price it was fine. We didn't use the outdoor pool.
Feels like an upgraded motel more than a hotel. Motel 6 with renovations.... The bed was great. Building and hallways and general room conditions not impressive. Solid but not spectacular. But more like a 2/2.5 star than a 3 star. Free parking and Free wifi nice! Charge for the buffet breakfast and dated decor NOT nice. Only stay here if... More
Property in great location. Enjoyed my stay thanks to the friendly staff at the front desk and morning breakfast area. Applebee is adjoining to the property which is very convenient in the evening for dinner and drinks.
Enjoyed my weekend visiting for Father/Daughter weekend. The Wyndham Garden was a perfect location. It is a very clean hotel and I want to commend Catherine, who was in charge of my room, for keeping it so pleasant. Great turn down service and was always...More
Unfortunately, the hurricane cancelled our trip, so I am unable to review the facilities. I am, however, able to review how a wonderful lady named Sara handled the situation. Sara handled the cancellation and was truly more concerned about our safety than anything else. Thank...MoreThank You for this great review! Thank you for sharing your experience. Hope to see you again soon.
This hotel formally known as the Buckaneer was the perfect getaway for a tight budget. No its not a luxury hotel so if your looking for a lavish hotel this is not the place. If you want to get away from it all and clear your mind this Is the perfect place to go it is Very quiet and your... More
For some reason there were bad reviews for this place on Trip advisor however we found this place awesome! The room was clean unique and comfortable. Wifi is fast and the attendants were super nice. It was well priced and we really enjoyed our stay.
im a bit late writing this but ah well, we went to orlando as part of our honeymoon last year, (20 may) we wanted a hotel near the main attractions and somewhere to sleep. this hotel was clean, the staff were very help full, its in a fantastic location....6 for a taxi to universal, r a 10 min walk. ..disney is a lot further away but we were not so interested in that. the staff were always helpfull if we needing information. the hotel is across from wet and wild, there is an ihop bus stop outside, plenty food places, and there are a few bus routes too.the only downside of the hotel was the breakfast, it was only toast and cereal....but to be quite honest there are so so many cheap food places around that you dont nee dto have breakfast in the hotelit is a busy hotel, there were a lot of kids there when we were, which could be quite annoying.....but everyone is there to have a good time!!! our room was cleaned every day and we got fresh towels....there is a plaque in the bedroom, if you want your bed stripped then you put it on the bed, we only done this once, and the bed was stripped and made fresh.......all the people moaning about not having a stripped and fresh bed everyday....do you do that at home i doubt it, so why moan about it on holidaythey have free wi-fi in the lobby and at certain areas by the pool.i would stay at this hotel again no bother, its good value for money, its a basic hotel and you have to keep this in mind when you go, if your looking for a good location, and a clean hotel its great!!! :)
After reading the reviews on trip advisor before departing, I headed straight to my travel agent to enquire about a transfer to a different hotel, but was persueded to give it a try. So armed with my bleach wipes and can of oust we arrived at the hotel. However, I need not have worried, as I was not greeted by a musty smell at reception, not rude staff. I entered our room apprehensively, and although it was very dated and basic, it was perfect for our familys needs. Cleanish, with a fridge and tv, room service everyday, and friendly, helpfull staff.The free breakfast was ok for a few days of the holiday, but there are only so many meals you can eat off of a polystyrene plate lol. The best thing about the hotel was it's fantastic location. Situated right behing a KFC, and Walgreens 24hr supermarket and right in the middle of International drive, we couldn't have asked for better. Universal is around a 15 minute walk from the hotel, but it's a lovely walk with beautiful gardens and little lakes on the way there. You are also only 2 minutes away from Wet Wild and a whole load of shops and restaurants.The transport links here are fantastic all the way up down I drive, and the stops are seconds away from the hotel. The free shuttle bus can be very busy, escpecially in the morning and on the 8pm and 10pm return buses from Disney. If you're only off to Aquatica for example, you are better hopping on the I trolley as it only costs 1.25 and your almost always guaranteed a seat.The pool at the hotel is open until 11pm, and its heated, so a welcome relief to your sore feet after a hard day at the parks or shopping.All in all, I would possibly stay here again. It is basic, but from the other reviews I have read, it is no more run down than the more expensive alternatives.
I was very dubious after reading some previous reviews on this Hotel, but with the price we paid for a 2 week holiday for we just hoped that the Hotel was comfortable and clean and we was not disappointed, yes it may not have been the Ritz but it was very clean and the beds were extremley comfortable just what you need after trudging round the theme parks all day, we only had the free breakfast a couple of times as you could get a full buffet breakfast for under 5 at any of the eateries alomg International Drive. The Hotel is ideally located for Wet and Wild and Universal Studios,both within walking distance.Try a Pub called the Best of British just opposite Wonder Works if you fancy a belly busting English Fry-up.
Superb staff is very friendly and helpful. Fantastic location, it is walking distance to many shops, restaurants and attractions and very close to Universal Studios. Nice breakfast cafe is very economical. Definitely recommend it!
Ok.. before I start the review - Can I just say that I always stay at budget hotels and never really have any issues.The continental plaza is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. We arrived on the 23rd of December and Natalia was on the front desk, probably the best member of staff that they have, and we had to change room 3 times due to the disgusting smell. We settled on room 408 (top floor and has a view of wet n wild and Universal-one of the only good things about the place.) One way i've been describing this place to friends is for them to think of 'my name is earl'. Basically you enter the room on a balcony and the outside wall is 1 big window.. so you can't leave the curtain open at all if you're in the room! There isn't a window to open either .. so the only way to get air into the room is with the air con which is loud! The rooms smell of damp and the closets have mould patches on them. The cleaners didn't clean the rooms on a daily basis even though the latest we left was around 11am (we even left some crumbs on the floor to see if they hoovered, but they were still on the floor for about 3 days). The sheets smelt weird and im pretty sure the top cover has never been washed! The hairdryer didn't work... there was no Iron in the room although there was an ironing board! The Safe didn't work at first! There were weird brown stains on the bath. The Fridge was so cold that everything we put in there was frozen solid by the next day. Some of the good things- 15 min walk to Universal Studios, Wet n Wild over the road and and iride stop outside the hotel. BUT there are so many hotels close by and you'd get these benefits and a nicer hotel! If this hasn't put you off then you'll have to learn the hard way! We had to and stayed there over Christmas! we even booked a night at a different hotel for 1 evening! Don't do it!
Ok.. before I start the review - Can I just say that I always stay at budget hotels and never really have any issues.The continental plaza is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. We arrived on the 23rd of December and Natalia was on the front desk, probably the best member of staff that they have, and we had to change room 3 times due to the disgusting smell. We settled on room 408 (top floor and has a view of wet n wild and Universal-one of the only good things about the place.) One way i've been describing this place to friends is for them to think of 'my name is earl'. Basically you enter the room on a balcony and the outside wall is 1 big window.. so you can't leave the curtain open at all if you're in the room! There isn't a window to open either .. so the only way to get air into the room is with the air con which is loud! The rooms smell of damp and the closets have mould patches on them. The cleaners didn't clean the rooms on a daily basis even though the latest we left was around 11am (we even left some crumbs on the floor to see if they hoovered, but they were still on the floor for about 3 days). The sheets smelt weird and im pretty sure the top cover has never been washed! The hairdryer didn't work... there was no Iron in the room although there was an ironing board! The Safe didn't work at first! There were weird brown stains on the bath. The Fridge was so cold that everything we put in there was frozen solid by the next day. Some of the good things- 15 min walk to Universal Studios, Wet n Wild over the road and and iride stop outside the hotel. BUT there are so many hotels close by and you'd get these benefits and a nicer hotel! If this hasn't put you off then you'll have to learn the hard way! We had to and stayed there over Christmas! we even booked a night at a different hotel for 1 evening! Don't do it!
We stayed almost a week in this hotel, by february The staff was very gentle to me and my family, the room was located at third floor, a big one with all services working well and clean. NIce location, near to Universal Studios parks.
Like everyone else says, this is a hotel for those on a budget. The pictures of the hotel are a bit misleading, including those showing the insides and pool etc. However, once you navigate your way around what is essentially a block of flats, the rooms are a pleasant surprise and are actually the best part of the hotel. Making your own breakfast loses its appeal after 1 day, especially when the cereal machines werent working and the staff on duty dont really understand english too well. however, you are close to many of the 3/4.99 breakfast buffets so its not really a problem. we were dismayed to find how easily the staff coud get assess to the safes in your room after our battery ran out and they took nearly 45mins to come up to our room (after repeated warning that we were in a hurry). as i said, the room is great though and we weren't really affected by loud crowds. if you want great service and english speaking (as a first language), don't stay here but if you don't mind it for the amount of time you'll be in room, it'l do just fine. free wifi as well. just remembered....the day we checked out and left our luggage in the 'secure' area, we got the feeling that it wasn't so as the hotel employed no way of identifying your bag so anyone could have lifted ours but thankfully we had locks.
We were flying in at midnight and looking for an inexpensive place to stay. We found it and it was close to Universal Studios our destination the next day. It is an old hotel and looks dirty, but it wasn't that bad. However, the information on another site said that they offer shuttle services to Universal - true, but not until 12 noon. We were told we could walk 15-20 minutes to get there. We had a rental so we just took it and glad we did because the walk back after all day at the park would have been horrible. We also did not have enough towels/washcloths and asked for more. We did get towels and was told they would bring the washcloths. They never arrived. When we checked out she remembered we asked and when I said we did not get them, she said they must have been busy and forgot. The ice machines were out of order and just not a place I would stay again.
Location, location, location. This is the main reason this hotel stays in business. We had the best vacation in our 8 days in Orlando, and the hotel room was the only thing that did not work out for us. The price was low, and we got what we paid for.We were recommended this hotel by a travel agent based in Orlando, who told us that the Days Inn we were looking at was disgusting. We did not expect the Ritz, but the photos on the hotel website are at least 15 years old and taken from the best possible angles. It is in a great location, it took us 21 minutes to walk to Universal, and it is a beautiful walk with wide sidewalks the whole way.At check in we were assigned room 211. When we entered, the carpets had wet spots, and smelled like urine. The front desk immediately gave us a key for a room on the third floor. This room did not smell, and we did stay in it. It was not clean enough for our standards, so we purchased cleaner and paper towels and spent an hour cleaning the bathroom and vanity ourselves. Toilet ran- had to giggle the handle every time to stop water flow. Shower was moldy, pipes were loud, and pressure/temperature would vary greatly during your shower.The bed sheets are too small for the bed, and completely threadbare. At least they seemed clean. The bath towels were rough and the size of large hand towels. We had 5 people in the room, but most days got only 3 towels and had to ask for more at the front desk. Rugs were nasty- we kept on our shoes in the room. Only one door key was assigned, and the plastic key would get stuck in the lock every time.On the positive side, the kids loved the pool, and it was cleaned daily. The pool area is a bit old, and the chairs are cheap, but the pool bar is adequate and serves decent food. You can use your laptop near the pool. Pool towels are available at the front desk if you ask for them- but they do not let anyone know this, and most of the other families were using their bath towels.Breakfast was spartan, none of the fruit or muffins they show on the website. Bread for toast, milk, OJ, and frosted flakes were the only options for the kids. Coffee was TERRIBLE. There is an IHOP within a block and about 20 breakfast buffets within 1 mile- use them if you want a good breakfast.From this location you can walk to so many restaurants, and can catch a bus to anywhere in Orlando. Try eating O'Charleys on Turkey Lake Road (1 mile away). They had great food and prices. Lots of great spots for ice cream nearby.Our family is planning to return to Orlando in 2011 and have found much, much nicer properties for only a slightly higher cost. Look at the trip advisor ratings and try to find a higher rated hotel. It's worth the extra cost, especially with the low rates that hotels charge in Orlando.Good luck, and enjoy your time in this spectacular city!
Yeah so as named it wz really a pathetic experience to stay in this hotel. It was so dirty n the disk staff r v rude. Especially the ticket selling lady. So shouts n yell at da ppl working there. When v booked da rooms the didn't said anything about extra charges if u book it on trip advisor b5 the charged us extra 2.5 for Dat. The laundry is out of service n da lift is so scary. It makes noises. Not at all recommended to any 1 visiting orlando.
if your wanting to spend alot of time at your hotal DONOT go here but if you want somewhere cheap, comforty + friendly to rest your head after long days at the parks id recommended it. Have to admit when first arrived i was gutted, but after a couple days realised this was just what we needed. theres a basic breakfast you can help yourself to in morning, free shuttles to all the big parks, i-trolley stop just outside on main road, heated swimming pool, internet + room was quite big apart from bathroom which was small + had a few cracks + dents here + there. Main road behind hotel which thought was going to be a issue coz fairly loud but after spending days in the parks, i can honestly say i had 14 very good night sleeps. would stay there again but as i say it is a budget hotel, just a bed to rest your bed if you are after more form your hotel don't go here.
I'll start off by letting you all know that when travelling in the UK we usually stay in cheap hotels (Travelodge, Premier Inn etc) but this hotel is the pits. It wasn't all bad, so there are some small Pros. Pros:20 mins walk to UniversalOver the road from Wet n WildVery cheapWalgreens just over the road, as is a KFCDairy Queen around the corner for yummy foodComfy beds (really comfy)Free WiFi in lobbyCons:Not particularly helpful staffNoise constantly all through the night from iFLYTheft - we stayed in two rooms and something went missing from both of them (staff didn't seem to care, we got one item back from a cleaner after bringing the Police in)Decor - paint and plaster peeling from wallsCleanliness - floors and bathroom wasn't cleaned every day (although fresh towels were available every day and beds were made daily)Noisy hotel - constant noise from other guestsSummary:So in summary, the thefts from maids is enough for me to recommend you don't stay here (we even know the maid was still kept on even after admitting taking the item!!!!).Its in a good location but other better hotels are also in this area, so book those first.
Our first impression should have warned us what we were getting into! The lobby was filled with OLD armchairs all of them worn out, with big slits in the upholstery and sagging seats and there were black plastic massage chairs were lined up along the outer wall. The man at reception could barely speak English.The rooms were filled with old, beat up furniture, the bathroom was small a had some mold, but it was not too bad. Although there was an ironing board in the room, there was no iron. The bed sagged in the middle and the room was not well cleaned. All in all not a comfortable feeling room or hotel. The location was not bad...there is a Dennys, IHOP and Red Lobster within walking distance. But you would be better served to book at the near-by La Quinta for the same price!
Building was old, rooms shabby, locker broken, shower rusty, carpet sticky, mattresses flabby, faulty intercom, AC non functioning, lots of insects bed-bugs. Breakfast available is a misleading statement, there is No free breakfast. Breakfast is available on payment. Staff was rude had poor management. Only thing good was its location.You should only stay here if u intend to carry along lots of bed-bugs back your home.
I may be biased since we stayed here right after a trip staying on Disney property but trust me, you can find something better for not much more. The air conditioner was all cracked, hair and stains on the SHEETS (EW!).. it was just.. bad! My husband and I laughed it off but it did suck.
Location, location, location. This is the main reason this hotel stays in business. We had the best vacation in our 8 days in Orlando, and the hotel room was the only thing that did not work out for us. The price was low, and we got what we paid for.We were recommended this hotel by a travel agent based in Orlando, who told us that the Days Inn we were looking at was disgusting. We did not expect the Ritz, but the photos on the hotel website are at least 15 years old and taken from the best possible angles. It is in a great location, it took us 21 minutes to walk to Universal, and it is a beautiful walk with wide sidewalks the whole way.At check in we were assigned room 207. When we entered, the carpets had wet spots, and smelled like urine. The front desk immediately gave us a key for a room on the third floor. This room did not smell, and we did stay in it. It was not clean enough for our standards, so we purchased cleaner and paper towels and spent an hour cleaning the bathroom and vanity ourselves. Toilet ran- had to giggle the handle every time to stop water flow. Shower was moldy, pipes were loud, and pressure/temperature would vary greatly during your shower.The bed sheets are too small for the bed, and completely threadbare. At least they seemed clean. The bath towels were rough and the size of large hand towels. We had 5 people in the room, but most days got only 3 towels and had to ask for more at the front desk. Rugs were nasty- we kept on our shoes in the room. Only one door key was assigned, and the plastic key would get stuck in the lock every time.On the positive side, the kids loved the pool, and it was cleaned daily. The pool area is a bit old, and the chairs are cheap, but the pool bar is adequate and serves decent food. You can use your laptop near the pool. Pool towels are available at the front desk if you ask for them- but they do not let anyone know this, and most of the other families were using their bath towels.Breakfast was spartan, none of the fruit or muffins they show on the website. Bread for toast, milk, OJ, and frosted flakes were the only options for the kids. Coffee was TERRIBLE. There is an IHOP within a block and about 20 breakfast buffets within 1 mile- use them if you want a good breakfast.From this location you can walk to so many restaurants, and can catch a bus to anywhere in Orlando. Try eating O'Charleys on Turkey Lake Road (1 mile away). They had great food and prices. Lots of great spots for ice cream nearby.Our family is planning to return to Orlando in 2011 and have found much, much nicer properties for only a slightly higher cost. Look at the trip advisor ratings and try to find a higher rated hotel. It's worth the extra cost, especially with the low rates that hotels charge in Orlando.Good luck, and enjoy your time in this spectacular city!
I am giving this hotel three stars not because it is an exceptionally nice hotel but the price we paid was amazing. The rooms are large and clean , although not particularly pretty. The breakfast is pretty poor but for the price what can you expect It's not the type of breakfast that you can have to aim to fill up for the day: coffee, juice (not real), cereal, toast, but it'll do. The location is excellent, especially if you are not hiring a car. The staff were nice, although we didn't come in contact with them a lot as it is very much just a place to lay your head - not the type of hotel you want to spend a lot of time chilling out in. In our first room the safe was broken - I felt we needed one and they moved us staright away no problems. All in all in far exceeds expectations for the price.
We stayed almost a week in this hotel, by february The staff was very gentle to me and my family, the room was located at third floor, a big one with all services working well and clean. NIce location, near to Universal Studios parks.
Superb staff is very friendly and helpful. Fantastic location, it is walking distance to many shops, restaurants and attractions and very close to Universal Studios. Nice breakfast cafe is very economical. Definitely recommend it!
if your wanting to spend alot of time at your hotal DONOT go here but if you want somewhere cheap, comforty + friendly to rest your head after long days at the parks id recommended it. Have to admit when first arrived i was gutted, but after a couple days realised this was just what we needed. theres a basic breakfast you can help yourself to in morning, free shuttles to all the big parks, i-trolley stop just outside on main road, heated swimming pool, internet + room was quite big apart from bathroom which was small + had a few cracks + dents here + there. Main road behind hotel which thought was going to be a issue coz fairly loud but after spending days in the parks, i can honestly say i had 14 very good night sleeps. would stay there again but as i say it is a budget hotel, just a bed to rest your bed if you are after more form your hotel don't go here.
We were only staying here one night so I didn't think we would die here. Got 2 rooms for a good price and it was just a place to sleep and shower before getting on the road home. Absolutely do not get a room towards the highway because you will not sleep. I would not stay here for more than one night. If thats all you need then you will be ok, do not spend your whole vacation here. There has got to be better places down the road to stay for a little more money.
Having read some terrible reviews of this hotel, l was slightly worried about staying here with my family. However, l can honestly say that it was our best holiday ever! Okay the hotel and rooms could do with a refurb but it was clean and comfortable. For the money you pay, you cannot expect 5* service so if you just want somewhere comfortable to collapse at night after a day in the parks/shopping, this hotel is great. The hotel's location is excellent. You can walk to Universal in about 15 mins (or call the free fun spot bus to pick you up - reception will do this for you for free), Wet and Wild is opposite the hotel, loads of restaurants are in walking distance (or you can jump on the i-trolley). All the parks are easily accessible from this hotel. If you want to use the wifi, you can only do this in the lobby or by the pool (some of the rooms near the lobby can pick it up if by the window). The breakfast is basic but fine, you can have frosted flakes, corn flakes, toast (toasters do take forever though), tea, coffee and orange juice. If you want something else you can pay for pancakes etc or just pop across the road to Sizzler for an all you can eat buffet (3.99 pp). There are lots of good places to eat on international drive, we really enjoyed Chilli's and Uno. There is also a great takeaway pizza place across the road from the hotel. Being a vegetarian in Florida was a bit awkward as they really love their meat (our waitress in Chilli's had never served a vegetarian before) but most places have basic foods like veggie burgers/pizza/wraps etc.The pool at the hotel is quite small but l never saw it overcrowded and its open until 11pm. The pool bar has a happy hour from 6-8pm and you can order burgers etc too. The staff at the hotel are lovely and friendly. Whoever you spoke too, they were always very helpful. If we go back to Florida, we will stay in this hotel again.
We have just got back from this hotel was there for 2 weeks .... hotel is what you pay for ... yes the hotel is dated.... breakfast is what it says on the tin , coffee, tea toast,and cornflakes ect. hotel pool is not big but will do at the end of a hard day in the parks ....the staff was fine and friendly ..safe in room costs 21.00 for 2 weeks.... fresh towels every day.....location is GREAT ..... stayed here with family.... if you just want somewhere to sleep then book this hotel if you want a nice 5 star hotel don't book here.....
We stayed in this hotel or motel, because we were on a budget. And it really served its purpose. We prefered have more money to spend on dinners and on the parks, than to spend it in a hotel room that its only use is to get a good shower and a good night's sleep. It served just that. It was really practical. The staff were REALLY friendly, the parking was really safe, they monitered all cars, to make sure you were their guests. Checking in was a breeze. We were placed on the third floor, and it had a beautiful view to the Island of Adventure's Hulk and Towers. Its your average room, with average bed and furniture. The beds were comfortable, and plenty of sheets and pillows. There is a safe available free of charge, but you have to ask the key in the front desk. The safe is big enough to put your Ipad and documents. The towels could use an upgrade. There is a tv, with local channels. The A/C worked fine and it didnt make any funny noises. We even had to lower the temperature at some point. There is a mini fridge that worked superb! We went to Walmart and bought bottle of waters for the parks and we put in snacks as well. Housekeeping was pretty good some days, other days they just forget to put enough towels. The lighting in the room was pretty bad. The bathroom light sometimes came on, other times we dependend on the light of the room. Another weird detail is that the hotel room key is not your average magnetic key... It worked like a hard plastic card with weird holes. So if you loose that key, it would become troublesome to get an easy replacement. The telephone didnt work, and yes.. No wifi in room. The ice machine does cost you an extra fee, like .25 per bucket... But since we had bottles of ice cold water, that wasnt an issue. We didnt have any hidden fee, and it was a really great stay. Easy to locate and very centric in the International Drive. Close to everything: restaurants, parks, gas stations, outlet malls, cinema. GREAT, GREAT LOCATION!!!! About 20 min to Disney Parks, and 3 min car drive to Universal Studios Parks If you have simple needs, this is really your place to stay! Would recommend, and would stay again in a heartbeat! :) great christmas vacations in Orlando.
Ice machine broken, telephone broken, ice bucket dirty, run down hotel, overall stinky ordor, great customer service and guest services I would not recommend my enemies to this hotel..Please renovate soon.
I'll start off by letting you all know that when travelling in the UK we usually stay in cheap hotels (Travelodge, Premier Inn etc) but this hotel is the pits. It wasn't all bad, so there are some small Pros. Pros:20 mins walk to UniversalOver the road from Wet n WildVery cheapWalgreens just over the road, as is a KFCDairy Queen around the corner for yummy foodComfy beds (really comfy)Free WiFi in lobbyCons:Not particularly helpful staffNoise constantly all through the night from iFLYTheft - we stayed in two rooms and something went missing from both of them (staff didn't seem to care, we got one item back from a cleaner after bringing the Police in)Decor - paint and plaster peeling from wallsCleanliness - floors and bathroom wasn't cleaned every day (although fresh towels were available every day and beds were made daily)Noisy hotel - constant noise from other guestsSummary:So in summary, the thefts from maids is enough for me to recommend you don't stay here (we even know the maid was still kept on even after admitting taking the item!!!!).Its in a good location but other better hotels are also in this area, so book those first.
We stayed in this hotel or motel, because we were on a budget. And it really served its purpose. We prefered have more money to spend on dinners and on the parks, than to spend it in a hotel room that its only use is to get a good shower and a good night's sleep. It served just that. It was really practical. The staff were REALLY friendly, the parking was really safe, they monitered all cars, to make sure you were their guests. Checking in was a breeze. We were placed on the third floor, and it had a beautiful view to the Island of Adventure's Hulk and Towers. Its your average room, with average bed and furniture. The beds were comfortable, and plenty of sheets and pillows. There is a safe available free of charge, but you have to ask the key in the front desk. The safe is big enough to put your Ipad and documents. The towels could use an upgrade. There is a tv, with local channels. The A/C worked fine and it didnt make any funny noises. We even had to lower the temperature at some point. There is a mini fridge that worked superb! We went to Walmart and bought bottle of waters for the parks and we put in snacks as well. Housekeeping was pretty good some days, other days they just forget to put enough towels. The lighting in the room was pretty bad. The bathroom light sometimes came on, other times we dependend on the light of the room. Another weird detail is that the hotel room key is not your average magnetic key... It worked like a hard plastic card with weird holes. So if you loose that key, it would become troublesome to get an easy replacement. The telephone didnt work, and yes.. No wifi in room. The ice machine does cost you an extra fee, like .25 per bucket... But since we had bottles of ice cold water, that wasnt an issue. We didnt have any hidden fee, and it was a really great stay. Easy to locate and very centric in the International Drive. Close to everything: restaurants, parks, gas stations, outlet malls, cinema. GREAT, GREAT LOCATION!!!! About 20 min to Disney Parks, and 3 min car drive to Universal Studios Parks If you have simple needs, this is really your place to stay! Would recommend, and would stay again in a heartbeat! :) great christmas vacations in Orlando.
After reading the reviews on trip advisor before departing, I headed straight to my travel agent to enquire about a transfer to a different hotel, but was persueded to give it a try. So armed with my bleach wipes and can of oust we arrived at the hotel. However, I need not have worried, as I was not greeted by a musty smell at reception, not rude staff. I entered our room apprehensively, and although it was very dated and basic, it was perfect for our familys needs. Cleanish, with a fridge and tv, room service everyday, and friendly, helpfull staff.The free breakfast was ok for a few days of the holiday, but there are only so many meals you can eat off of a polystyrene plate lol. The best thing about the hotel was it's fantastic location. Situated right behing a KFC, and Walgreens 24hr supermarket and right in the middle of International drive, we couldn't have asked for better. Universal is around a 15 minute walk from the hotel, but it's a lovely walk with beautiful gardens and little lakes on the way there. You are also only 2 minutes away from Wet Wild and a whole load of shops and restaurants.The transport links here are fantastic all the way up down I drive, and the stops are seconds away from the hotel. The free shuttle bus can be very busy, escpecially in the morning and on the 8pm and 10pm return buses from Disney. If you're only off to Aquatica for example, you are better hopping on the I trolley as it only costs 1.25 and your almost always guaranteed a seat.The pool at the hotel is open until 11pm, and its heated, so a welcome relief to your sore feet after a hard day at the parks or shopping.All in all, I would possibly stay here again. It is basic, but from the other reviews I have read, it is no more run down than the more expensive alternatives.
We were booked here thru Air Transat package. The location is convenient, the staff is really nice. However, everything else is bad! The bed spreads were stained. The bed skirt was ripped. The bathtub was broken with holes..... rust..... definitely not clean. there was hair everywhere. The only thing they did was fresh paint! There is one chair in the room and it was stained. There were stains in the ceiling, looked like a leak.It was a three star on the website but this cant be more than 2**DO NOT BOOK HERE!
Awesome experience they let us check in 2 hours earlier .. Nice room very clean for a cheap price a good choice...i mean you dont even spend the day at the hotel so why pay too much for it This hotel was exaclty what we needed and the pool was pretty nice too
Awesome experience they let us check in 2 hours earlier .. Nice room very clean for a cheap price a good choice...i mean you dont even spend the day at the hotel so why pay too much for it This hotel was exaclty what we needed and the pool was pretty nice too
It's not a place you would want to stay in all day every day. But somewhere that you least at 7 in the morning and return to, at 9-10pm at night, and pretty much just sleep in it's fine.Yes the rooms/service areas could do with redecorating.The carpets particularly need to be properly cleaned or replaced.However the room was clean, my bed was made with fresh sheets every day, and the bathroom was spotless.
Like everyone else says, this is a hotel for those on a budget. The pictures of the hotel are a bit misleading, including those showing the insides and pool etc. However, once you navigate your way around what is essentially a block of flats, the rooms are a pleasant surprise and are actually the best part of the hotel. Making your own breakfast loses its appeal after 1 day, especially when the cereal machines werent working and the staff on duty dont really understand english too well. however, you are close to many of the 3/4.99 breakfast buffets so its not really a problem. we were dismayed to find how easily the staff coud get assess to the safes in your room after our battery ran out and they took nearly 45mins to come up to our room (after repeated warning that we were in a hurry). as i said, the room is great though and we weren't really affected by loud crowds. if you want great service and english speaking (as a first language), don't stay here but if you don't mind it for the amount of time you'll be in room, it'l do just fine. free wifi as well. just remembered....the day we checked out and left our luggage in the 'secure' area, we got the feeling that it wasn't so as the hotel employed no way of identifying your bag so anyone could have lifted ours but thankfully we had locks.
We got this hotel as part of a package. We were very nervous before coming, as we read some terrible reviews. We nearly paid for another hotel! When we got there, yes it need TLC but it looked OK. The lady at recpetion was nice and helpful. We stayed in room number 317. It was nice, clean and spacious room. It definitely suited our needs! Everyone is saying it is dirty- but we didn't think so. The maid came in every day and spent quite a while in the rooms.The pool was really good- a nice way to relax after a day at the parks!Watch out for people who post flyers through your door! Tell reception immediately- as they shouldn't be there!This hotel is very close to Universal- which is very good!
This is the 3rd time I have been to Florida and the 1st ...and last time I will stay at the Orlando Continental!!My party was 5 adults and the room did have two double beds which was fine, but my 16 yr old son had to sleep on a rollaway camp style bed with his legs hanging off the edge!!The air con, was up the creek and was either too hot or too cold and very very noisy! Every day when we came back to the room after visiting the theme parks the walls were wet, all our clothes were wet and the beds were wet!Our view from the room window was a blank wall and therefore the room was always dark.The free breakfast in the morning was a joke, with a free for all for the toast, fighting for seating and a real cattle market. The pool was very small and you could not swing a cat in the games room (I use the term 'games' loosely) because the room is about 6ft by 4ft!).To be fair the only 'good' point with this hotel is the location. It is right on International Drive and takes about 30 seconds to get to wet n wild so you can walk there and save on parking.I ended up staying one extra night in florida, so I stayed in the Holiday Inn which is also on International Drive, about 500m up the road. What a pleasure! I thought I was in Heaven!!In conclusion, I would say, only stay here if you really really really don't mind the quality of the hotel and want a cheap hotel to rest your head at night.
Location, location, location. This is the main reason this hotel stays in business. We had the best vacation in our 8 days in Orlando, and the hotel room was the only thing that did not work out for us. The price was low, and we got what we paid for.We were recommended this hotel by a travel agent based in Orlando, who told us that the Days Inn we were looking at was disgusting. We did not expect the Ritz, but the photos on the hotel website are at least 15 years old and taken from the best possible angles. It is in a great location, it took us 21 minutes to walk to Universal, and it is a beautiful walk with wide sidewalks the whole way.At check in we were assigned room 211. When we entered, the carpets had wet spots, and smelled like urine. The front desk immediately gave us a key for a room on the third floor. This room did not smell, and we did stay in it. It was not clean enough for our standards, so we purchased cleaner and paper towels and spent an hour cleaning the bathroom and vanity ourselves. Toilet ran- had to giggle the handle every time to stop water flow. Shower was moldy, pipes were loud, and pressure/temperature would vary greatly during your shower.The bed sheets are too small for the bed, and completely threadbare. At least they seemed clean. The bath towels were rough and the size of large hand towels. We had 5 people in the room, but most days got only 3 towels and had to ask for more at the front desk. Rugs were nasty- we kept on our shoes in the room. Only one door key was assigned, and the plastic key would get stuck in the lock every time.On the positive side, the kids loved the pool, and it was cleaned daily. The pool area is a bit old, and the chairs are cheap, but the pool bar is adequate and serves decent food. You can use your laptop near the pool. Pool towels are available at the front desk if you ask for them- but they do not let anyone know this, and most of the other families were using their bath towels.Breakfast was spartan, none of the fruit or muffins they show on the website. Bread for toast, milk, OJ, and frosted flakes were the only options for the kids. Coffee was TERRIBLE. There is an IHOP within a block and about 20 breakfast buffets within 1 mile- use them if you want a good breakfast.From this location you can walk to so many restaurants, and can catch a bus to anywhere in Orlando. Try eating O'Charleys on Turkey Lake Road (1 mile away). They had great food and prices. Lots of great spots for ice cream nearby.Our family is planning to return to Orlando in 2011 and have found much, much nicer properties for only a slightly higher cost. Look at the trip advisor ratings and try to find a higher rated hotel. It's worth the extra cost, especially with the low rates that hotels charge in Orlando.Good luck, and enjoy your time in this spectacular city!
Location, location, location. This is the main reason this hotel stays in business. We had the best vacation in our 8 days in Orlando, and the hotel room was the only thing that did not work out for us. The price was low, and we got what we paid for.We were recommended this hotel by a travel agent based in Orlando, who told us that the Days Inn we were looking at was disgusting. We did not expect the Ritz, but the photos on the hotel website are at least 15 years old and taken from the best possible angles. It is in a great location, it took us 21 minutes to walk to Universal, and it is a beautiful walk with wide sidewalks the whole way.At check in we were assigned room 207. When we entered, the carpets had wet spots, and smelled like urine. The front desk immediately gave us a key for a room on the third floor. This room did not smell, and we did stay in it. It was not clean enough for our standards, so we purchased cleaner and paper towels and spent an hour cleaning the bathroom and vanity ourselves. Toilet ran- had to giggle the handle every time to stop water flow. Shower was moldy, pipes were loud, and pressure/temperature would vary greatly during your shower.The bed sheets are too small for the bed, and completely threadbare. At least they seemed clean. The bath towels were rough and the size of large hand towels. We had 5 people in the room, but most days got only 3 towels and had to ask for more at the front desk. Rugs were nasty- we kept on our shoes in the room. Only one door key was assigned, and the plastic key would get stuck in the lock every time.On the positive side, the kids loved the pool, and it was cleaned daily. The pool area is a bit old, and the chairs are cheap, but the pool bar is adequate and serves decent food. You can use your laptop near the pool. Pool towels are available at the front desk if you ask for them- but they do not let anyone know this, and most of the other families were using their bath towels.Breakfast was spartan, none of the fruit or muffins they show on the website. Bread for toast, milk, OJ, and frosted flakes were the only options for the kids. Coffee was TERRIBLE. There is an IHOP within a block and about 20 breakfast buffets within 1 mile- use them if you want a good breakfast.From this location you can walk to so many restaurants, and can catch a bus to anywhere in Orlando. Try eating O'Charleys on Turkey Lake Road (1 mile away). They had great food and prices. Lots of great spots for ice cream nearby.Our family is planning to return to Orlando in 2011 and have found much, much nicer properties for only a slightly higher cost. Look at the trip advisor ratings and try to find a higher rated hotel. It's worth the extra cost, especially with the low rates that hotels charge in Orlando.Good luck, and enjoy your time in this spectacular city!
All night long guys beat on my door hookers walked up and down the halls screaming the room was not sanitary there was roachs no towels air condioner stunk like stale mold I would have rather slept in my car
I always make a point to review places I really enjoyed. My husband and I booked this place online from Pennsylvania. We had never been to Fort Lauderdale and didnt know the area or what to expect. We just liked the pictures of this place and how close it appeared to be to the beach... We loved it. This place... More
We stay in LBTS a lot! Best Florida Resort is a nice place but not a 5 star resort. The staff are all pleasant and super helpful! We were there really early and they were able to accommodate us. The pool is amazing and fun just to hang out and get some shade! The only down side were the walls... More
I had a good experience here. The rooms/hotel are a bit old and musty, but nothing so awful that it made the stay bad. The bed was comfortable and the room was clean. For the price I couldn't have asked for more, they even had a few items available for breakfast snacking. JoeAnn was very kind in helping me change... More
Our group of 6 adults and 2 children came in last minute after 9pm. We all had to cancel our prior reservations at another Hotel due to poor conditions and health hazzords. Corey at the front desk was a big help. Service with a smile, no attitude. He seemed very glad to have us walk in. Very quick and smooth... More
The exterior of the building looks very nice...the rooms don't feel that way however. There was chipped counters and mismatched furniture. For what I paid I should have had a better set up. This place is gross and I will never stay there again.
Paz and his gang took very good care of us!! Our work schedule required extra quiet during daylight times for our rest cycle. Paz, Joyce and Joeann took extra measures to ensure all was perfect for our stay.
The rooms appeared clean and the beds were moderately comfortable. Lobby is really small and the free breakfast was meager and unappetizing (we skipped it). We did not see an elevator so we carried our bags up the short flight of stairs to the 2nd floor. Upon using our room's bathroom around 4am I discovered 2 live (young) cockroaches in... More
I stayed here on my last night of a week long vaca. Room was average but what I expected. You are close to a major road so not the quietest hotel if you are a light sleeper. No public laundry room. There is a Cracker Barrel and a Waffle House right there for breakfast. Staff were pleasant
Carpeting could use cleaning. Staff was friendly. Grounds well-kept. DIdn't use pool or take advantage of the breakfast. Room clean, housekeeper friendly. Had to keep finding internet connection.
This hotel saved me after working long hours and living over an hour away, I booked another hotel that was a complete disaster. DAYS INN saved me and my family from that bad experience. The staff Corey and JoAnn was great and they went above and beyond to make sure my husband and I and our children were comfortable. Thank... More
This isn't a bad place to stay short term. The front desk welcomed us warmly and let us know she was making some chocolate chip cookies that would be done soon. The hotel seems like it could use a few minor updates. There's a slightly strange smell, but it's not noticeable after a bit. Our room was clean, but a... More
This hotel is very secluded, but a short drive off the interstate. Since it is the high season in Florida now, the rates are quite high. We paid 300.00 per night and stayed 2 nights. Every other hotel in Naples was equivalent to the cost. The rooms were very nice, clean, bathroom was well equipped. Breakfast is included in the... More
The hotel is new, clean and well managed. The night clerk was friendly and efficient and the room was larger than I had expected. With the sofa bed it was comfortable for 5 people. Morning breakfast buffet served in the lobby area.
Hotel room is clean but really poor service. Called down to front desk for extra pillows and was told they didn't have any. For over 200 a night for a truck stop hotel off the highway you would assume they can provide you an extra pillow. After my 3rd call they said they found an extra pillow and I had... More
Everything, especially outdoors, was fresh and clean. Paint, soap and good attention to details by employees has made a big improvement.
This hotel is old and in need of renovations, the room was clean, but the dcor was so outdated, the WiFi internet access was TERRIBLE. Carrying our luggage up to the second floor was absolutely crazy, since I recently had knee surgery. I asked at check in if we could have a first floor room, the answer we got was... More
Our 2nd time to stay at Ramada Inn - Naples. As before staff was very friendly, courteous and helpful. Rooms are always clean and modern with necessary amenities. Convenient location to beaches, restaurants and shopping. Nice buffet breakfast and all of this at a very reasonable rate. Will definitely stay here on our next visit.
Every year our friends and family decent upon this quaint, old style hotel. It's always clean, the rooms are ready upon arrival, water view side is beautiful and Diane is always a phone call away should you need her! Rooms vary from classic 2Q hotel rooms with Coffee maker, fridge and MW to larger suites with a kitchen (cook top... More
Did an overnight from Tampa and wanted to finally try this place. Very nice views and the room was clean and big(we had a 1BR suite). Nice views of the bay also. Probably only downside is being a good distance from the beach and more of the restaurants but there are shuttles in the area. Overall we really liked it... More
Other than the fact that there was no real lobby this hotel was comfortable and clean. I was unaware that they were in the middle of a lobby remodel which made arriving and departing in the rain a hassle.Dear guest Jan S:I really appreciate your taking the time to share your disappointment with your recent stay. I want to personally apologize for the inconvenience that you experienced during your arrival/departure due to our renovation. Im happy to announce that we are back to a beautiful lobby for all our guests enjoyment and we would love to welcome you again to show you our final product.We value you as a guest, and I do want you to know that your concerns are our concerns!. Please stay with us again soon so that we can demonstrate our commitment to exceed your satisfaction. Sincerely, Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
The staff and accommodations at the Orlando Airport Hilton Garden Inn are consistently excellent. I have been staying at the hotel for approximately two years on a regular basis and both the pre-arrival and the stay are a positive experience each time I stay the hotel.My staff and I thank you for making the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando International Airport hotel your home away from home. As a General Manager I was so delighted to know that we have succeeded in our efforts of providing you with exceptional service, clean and comfortable facilities again and again. This is the best compliment a General Manager can have. I would love the chance to meet you in person when you do return again. Looking forward to welcoming you back soon.Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando International Airport
Traveling through the area, I selected this hotel due to my loyalty to the Hilton brand of hotels. The Hilton Garden Inn at the Orlando Airport did not disappoint their staff is friendly, courteous and their property is immaculate.Dear guest Anthony T:Your effort and time in sharing your comments surrounding your experiences during your last stay is most appreciated and something we take very seriously. We want our guests to be met with a well-trained staff that puts guest comfort and satisfaction before everything else and exceed their expectationsThank you for staying with us and we are looking forward to welcome you to once again provide you with an outstanding level of service and nothing less.Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
Nice bed and clean room. Little noisy but its close to airport. Was a short overnight stay but we would stay again. Even used the business. center free kurig coffee in the room. Typical Hilton very nice Bill, thank you for your wonderful feedback regarding your recent stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport, and we are so pleased that you had a great time. We're proud of our engineering and housekeeping teams that keep our rooms fresh and well-maintained for our guests, so I will share your feedback with them. Many thanks for preferring us on your future visits. Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
I have yet to stay at a Hilton Garden Inn that wasn't exactly what I wanted - a comfortable bed, a clean room and good sleep. We flew in late to Orlando and stayed here before continuing on the next day. The room was clean and comfortable and we had a good solid sleep to start our vacation.Rhonda, thanks so much for posting your wonderful feedback. We are so happy to know you enjoyed the comfort of your room and that your stay was satisfactory. It was a pleasure hosting you at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport, and we hope you will come and see us again soon.Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
We stayed one night January 4, 2018, after an overnight flight from Europe. This is not a typical Hilton and needs renovating. Our room was spacious but the tub faucet dripped all night and the mini-fridge made so much noise we had to unplug it to sleep.The front desk personnel were both excellent.The morning breakfast is not included but I reserved months in advance for a weekend deal. For 169.00 USD we had the room and breakfast for two. This arrangement for breakfast is just odd. It is not serve yourself, but not a sit down restaurant arrangement either. You get part of your own food and they serve you other items that are just sitting there anyway. For instance, coffee is right there in the lobby but a waitress asks to bring it to you. We went early for our meal and all three attendants were just standing around waiting for us to need something. It was awkward and uncomfortable.We travel a lot and expect to serve ourselves for breakfast unless it is a restaurant experience. Hilton needs to take a second look at their program.The area has many hotels to choose from after a flight from MCO. We have stayed at countless others in the area and would hesitate to stay at this property in the future.Thank you for taking the time to share your constructive feedback regarding your stay at our hotel, TammyTravelsTheWorld. Our goal is to provide our guests with a wonderful stay in all areas of the hotel, so we will share your comments with our team to consider necessary improvements. We appreciate your business and hope to see you again soon. Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral Manager
Consistent and convenient. This is a great place to rest in Orlando! We always book here when we are traveling to Orlando whether it be for business or for pleasure! The Staff is very efficient and always helpful. The Breakfast is awesome! And the Restaurant Staff is very attentive, they are the best!Dear Guest Steven K, I would like to thank you on behalf of my team at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport for your kind comments on our performance and your experience on your stay. Every single employee of this hotel prides themselves in the quality of their work striving for 101 to exceed our family guest's expectations every day.I want to thank you for your loyalty and support. We are looking forward to welcome you, family and friends to once again provide you with an outstanding level of service and nothing less. Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
Stayed one night following a long flight from the UK.Convenient 5/10 mins from the airport. Either a short taxi ride or hotel courtesy bus ride.Clean, large rooms, great nights sleep. Not airport noise.Restaurant was good with variety of food.Breakfast was buffet style but with a great variety of food.Dear Malcolmhh50,Thank you for choosing our hotel for your accommodation needs. It gives me immense pleasure to read that we impressed you with our location, clean and spacious room and variety of breakfast buffet offerings. I am particularly happy to know that you liked our restaurant and enjoyed the food. Thanks again for the wonderful feedback and we hope to welcome you again for a longer stay.All the Best,Melissa PetiotAssistant General ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
I am a Hhonors member so picking this hotel was easy, main reason was that it was very close to the airport and they provide a shuttle service, the property was very nice and had everything you would need, their own restaurant or you could chose one of the many other restaurants very close byBeing a Hhonors member we were glad you chose our hotel for your stay due to us being conveniently located close to the airport and also being a Hilton. Thank you for appreciating our hotel and mentioning few of the many amenities we offer to our guests like the shuttle service and our own restaurant. I am glad you recognized the many restaurants located in the area around us. We are grateful to you for sharing this review here for our online viewers to read. Thank you for your loyalty and we would love to serve you again. Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
Overnight staff not very welcoming, felt like we were bothering him by checking in late. Otherwise, okay accommodations except rooms not very soundproof. Don't plan on sleeping in. Breakfast was very good.Thank you for your review. We want our guests to have a memorable and comfortable experience, so we are sorry to read that we did not fully meet your expectations, and sincerely apologize for your disappointment. We are constantly looking at ways to improve our services and facilities, so we appreciate sharing your constructive feedback with us. On a brighter note, we are glad that you liked the breakfast we served. We hope you will give us another chance to provide you with a much better experience. All the Best,Debra Thompson-FrenchGeneral Manager
We always stay here using our Hilton Honors when we have a flight. It saves me from having to drive 1 1/2 hours to the airport in the morning. I like the little bar and the restaurant is very good. Everyone is always friendly. We usually don't get a chance to eat the breakfast because of an early fight.The rooms are comfortable and clean.I would have given it a 5 but had a little glitch this past time, May 12th. I needed a 4:00 am wake up call. I even went to the desk and doubled checked. They said all set.Good thing I take an alarm of my own because I never got a wake up call. I always take my own alarm clock because some of those clocks in the rooms are a pain to figure out.We will definitely stay here again when we have a flight.Dear BONNIE76,We are so glad that you came back for another visit. There is nothing more rewarding for our team to know that we made such a great impression on your earlier visits that you couldn't wait to come back. It is nice to know that our immaculate room, convenient location to the airport, excellent service and breakfast offerings were to your liking. However, Im sorry to hear that we missed your wake up call. I assure you this normally does not happen. I have used your feedback as a reminder for all of our team members of our procedure. Thank you again for your loyalty and we are looking forward to welcome you soon.Sincerely,Melissa PetiotAssistant General ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
The check-in staff were friendly and very helpful. They took my husband's Hilton Honors number and gave him credit for the stay and provided us with free water and breakfast. I don't understand why he didn't get points but I didn't ask. The hotel was beautiful and updated, although the tile in the bathroom needs updating. The breakfast buffet had lots of options, including an omelet bar. The wait staff were extremely helpful.Dear guest Mary Curtis M, I would like to thank you on behalf of my team at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport for your kind comments on our performance and your experience on your stay. We are looking forward to welcome you, family and friends to once again provide you with an outstanding level of service and nothing less. Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
From the reminder e-mail of my confirmed stay at the Hilton Garden Inn a couple of days before my arrival to check out, my experience with the hotel was perfect. The value of the entire experience seemed greater than the price. There were no short cuts in providing everything that a traveler needs.Good Day rich4elmundo, I would like to thank you on behalf of the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport team for your comments and high rating about your recent experience with us. I am happy to know that you also found our facilities and all that we offer to be at a great value. We look forward to the opportunity of welcoming you back and providing you with outstanding service once again. Travel Safe Always! Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando International Airport
Went to Orlando to go on a cruise. We arrived a day early to avoid any issues making the boat. We arrived at the hotel before the room was ready but that was not a problem. We were given access to the pool and our luggage stored for us. Within 30 min I was notified of our room being ready. On our stay post-cruise it was another great experience. We had access to the pool and our room was ready, immediately. The hotel was within walking distance of at least 15 places to eat ranging from fast food to nice sit down. Please accept my appreciation for your wonderful feedback regarding both your stays at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport. I am so pleased that you had a wonderful experience before and after your cruise and our location was perfect for your needs as well. Our associates pride themselves in providing excellent quality in their service to guests so your comments tell me that we are on target in meeting our service goals. Thank you for your nice review. We hope that you will visit again soon. Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
Due to airline difficulties I ended up in Orlando for one night. Room was booked same day. Arrived hungry, frustrated and tired. Check in was friendly and quick. Room was clean. Ate a quick meal at the grill, chef was friendly, food was fresh. Bartender pleasant. Bed comfortable. I always sleep with earplugs so noise wasn't an issue. I did hear planes when I awoke early the next morning. The shuttle driver was a pleasure to speak with on my ride to the airport. Overall I was very pleased. It was a pleasant respite from an otherwise stressful day. We appreciate you taking the time to write a wonderful review about your recent visit to the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport. I was sorry to read that your flight was cancelled, as it can be very annoying to find rooms at the last minute and be unsure as to what to expect when you arrive. I am glad that we were able to turn this situation into a pleasant experience. We work hard to keep our facilities clean for our guests and always provide excellent service with a smile. I will share your gracious feedback with my team, especially with my desk team and bartenders. Thanks for being our guest, and we would love to welcome you back, under better circumstances, the next time that you visit Orlando. Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
Great Hotel, Great Staff, clean rooms and everyone has a smile on their face! I spend half the year on the road primarily staying at Hilton brand hotels so I feel my review is a pretty good barometer of what you'll get here. One of few places where ALL the staff is friendly, professional and genuinely wants to make sure you have a great stay!Thank you for choosing the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport for your accommodations. We appreciate your loyalty to our brand and are so glad to hear that your stay with us has always been exceptional. It is also great to read you loved our friendly associates who took great care of you and that you were impressed with your well-kept accommodation. Thank you again for being our valued guest. We look forward to your next stay with us soon.All the Best,Debra Thompson-FrenchGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
Not good value. No free breakfast. Did not recognize Hilton Honors member Staff could care less upon arriving. Breakfast was either 5.99 or 12. 99 pp. Breakfast bagels were stale and service ok. No coffee in lobby only lemonade Dear richardrG4463RAThank you for taking the time to share your experience about your recent stay at our hotel and for your patronage to our brand. Please accept our sincerest apologies for the issues you experienced upon arrival and with our breakfast. Although we offer various dining options including a full-service restaurant and room service, we apologize for any miscommunication regarding our dining choices. Additionally, we want our guests to encounter a well-trained staff that puts a guest's comfort and satisfaction ahead of anything else so your feedback has been shared with our team to take corrective action and ensure we are better poised to serve you on a future visit. I hope you will see this as an isolated incident and hope to welcome you back for a much-improved visit.Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral Manager
After a two week vacation in Florida we stayed at this hotel the night before flying back to Sweden. Of course, you can not compare this hotel with for instance Hilton Clearwater Beach Resort where we stayed for a week - but for a good night sleep before flying back via Orlando International Airport - this is a very good alternative. The staff at the front desk gave us our rooms very quickly, the rooms were nice and very clean - no problems at all. They had a pool and we could walk to either a Dennys or Tony Romas. The TGI is close but across the highway. We booked the shuttle and a very nice driver helped us with our 9 (!) bags with a smile and dropped us off at United. I would not stay there for a week while visiting the parks etc, there are better hotels on International Drive - for instance Hilton Garden Inn or Homewood Suites, but for a hotel close to the airport - this is perfect!
Stayed here for business 1 night in December 2013. Arrived late at night but received a warm welcome and smile from the young lady at the front desk. Promptly gave me my key and off I went to rest and relax. The room was spacious, clean and smelled nice. My favorite part about staying in a Hilton hotel is a Keurig coffee maker. It's like home away from home. The room had a mini fridge which was nice. The bed was comfortable and helped with a good nights sleep. Would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay here again. Near the hotel is a Walgreens and a Starbucks went to both places.Dear Guest dlmyvette, I would like to thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to write about your experience during your stay at the Hilton Garden inn Orlando Airport. We are constantly monitoring the performance of our team member to make sure our valuable guests as yourself is welcome with an efficient and pleasant front desk procedure that provides the accommodations and service you expect. We want our guests to be met with a well-trained staff that puts guest comfort and satisfaction before everything else. We are looking forward to welcome you again. Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
For a hotel option near the airport this would be very good selection. Clean room and good service. They offer free shuttle service between the airport and the hotel. For those who like a gym they have one near the lobby. Thank you for the wonderful feedback regarding your stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport. We are delighted to read you loved all the aspects of our property, especially our close proximity to the airport. We appreciate you recommending us online and hope to have you back with us soon.Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
When we fly into Orlando to visit family on the east coast we usually get in late and stay near the airport before driving over the next morning. My go to hotel is the Hilton Garden Inn MCO. The staff is very friendly, the service is always consistently good and the accommodations are clean and comfortable. Our most recent stays were during and then shortly after renovations and the new lobby looks modern and inviting. The restaurant offers a very good breakfast and my only disappointment from our last stay was having to leave before the restaurant opened in order to catch an early flight.Dear Guest Charlie W, I would like to thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to write about your experience during your stay at the Hilton Garden inn Orlando Airport. We know that when traveling our guests have many options to choose from and we value and deeply appreciate your loyalty and support. Your comments have been communicated to all our associates and posted in our bulletin board as a reminder of how much we can impact our guests in a positive way and a job well done.We are looking forward to welcome you, friends and family members to once again provide you with an outstanding level of service and nothing less. Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
So the hotel has a shuttle service from the airport that they told me about when I contacted them earlier in the day. Very pleasant lady I spoke with and extremely helpful. Got off the plane and called to let them know we were here. The driver will be there shortly (remember that phrase, there's a pattern here). Waited 20 minutes and called back same phrase. Did that twice more. The last time I called with attitude she told me the driver had just picked someone up on the A side and after he dropped them off, they would come back for us (the A spots were just across the street). Well, I was none too pleased to put it mildly after waiting that long. Had she been upfront with us, we would have taken a cab the 1 mile or so, which we ended up doing. When we got here to check in, her comment was, instead of I'm sorry for the inconvenience, it was not my problem, they are short a driver tonight. What!!! When I asked to speak to a manager, she said no, there is no manager here and you can deal with me. WHAT!!! It went downhill from there. Can't believe the attitude that was being thrown my way from some twenty year old. Finally just took my keys and left (fortunately I had already checked in online) was a long day. The rooms were adequate although there were mystery smears on the inside of the bathroom door. Went to speak with the front desk this morning but he was again a twenty year old (I guess get done with high school and start working at the hilton). Well, luckily again, I have more Hilton Honors points than I can ever use (and have in the past loved the customer service they provide) at least I didn't have to pay for this experience. There are so many other hotels right here, I suggest avoiding this Hilton at all costs. Looking forward to putting this ordeal behind me and getting on the cruise ship and having the drink of the day.We are very sorry to have provided you with a poor lodging experience and for this, please accept my personal apologies. I am working with my team to address your concerns and you can be assured that corrective actions will be taken to improve our service. Thank you again for your candid review, as we cannot better serve our guests without feedback such as yours. I hope you will give us another chance to accommodate your needs the next time your travels bring you to the area. Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral Manager
This is an excellent property very, very close to the Orlando airport. We have stayed here several times before and find it a perfect place to begin a vacation or end one by the airport. Most of the rooms have finally gotten rid of those horrid dial a mattresses which are in many of the Hilton Gardens. The pool was sparkly clean, we had a good nights sleep. Check the prices as they change often.Dear Guest peanutsNewYork, I would like to thank you on behalf of my team at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport for taking the time out of your busy schedule and write a comment about our hotel and your experience during your stay. It is our pleasure and goal to make sure our guest have the perfect experience, either for business or for vacation excel your expectations is our daily goal. Also, it is very important and rewarding for us that due to our consistent service you have honored us with your loyalty. Every employee of this hotel prides themselves in the quality of their work striving for 101 to exceed our guest's expectations every day.We are looking forward to welcome you, family and friends to once again provide you with an outstanding level of service and nothing less. Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
Great free shuttle service. So close to the Orlando airport and within walking distance of restaurants. Clean and beautiful with nice pool and fitness center. Fridge and microwave in room with a Keurig! Great cup of morning coffee. And very quiet for being so close to the airport.Thank you for choosing the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport for your stay and for the perfect rating. We are pleased to read that you loved our proximity to the airport as well as nearby restaurants, complimentary shuttle service, and all the amenities and facilities we have to offer. We appreciate your great remarks and do hope to have you back soon!All the Best,Charles StephensAssistant General ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando International Airport
This Hilton Garden Inn was comfortable. Other than the smell of some type of cleaner they used which wasn't that pleasant, the overall experience was very very good. Excellent service, friendly employees, excellent breakfast bar. They had a large container of fresh lemonade in the lobby that was some of the best I have tasted. There is so much tourism in Orlando, that I have found that it is hard to find an excellent hotel while staying down in the affordable rates, however this Hilton Garden Inn ranks high on the list of suitable Orlando hotels.Dear Guest Vandorn R, I would like to thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to write about your experience during your stay at the Hilton Garden inn Orlando Airport. We are constantly monitoring the performance of our team member to make sure our valuable guests as yourself is welcome with an efficient and pleasant front desk procedure that provides the accommodations and service you expect. We want our guests to be met with a well-trained staff that puts guest comfort and satisfaction before everything else. We are looking forward to welcome you, friends and family members to once again provide you with an outstanding level of service and nothing less. Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
Not much is the answer that I have been repeatedly shown. I requested a feather free room for medical reasons. Checked in at the front desk and the room was being prepared. I asked in person to please have all feathers removed from the room. I have severe allergy to feathers. They said no problem and then put feather pillows on both beds. Inexcusable begavior and a lack of customer service.Thank you for sharing your concerns regarding your stay with us. I am sorry to hear that my associates were not attentive to your needs and overlooked your request. I can assure you that this will be addressed with the proper team members so that this is not repeated again. Thank you again for sharing your observations, and we hope to welcome you back again soon!Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral Manager
We had an excellent experience at the Hilton Garden Inn by the Orlando Airport. Everyone was very friendly and helpful and the room was very clean. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay! I stayed there earlier in the year for a business trip and found everything to be excellent at that time also. Very accommodating for any and all requests. We were also give warm delicious cookies in the evening!Dear Guest Carina D, I would like to thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to write about your experience during your stay at the Hilton Garden inn Orlando Airport. We know that when traveling our guests have many options to choose from and we value and deeply appreciate your loyalty and support. Your comments have been communicated to all our associates and posted in our bulletin board as a reminder of how much we can impact our guests in a positive way and a job well done.Our team prides themselves in the quality of their work striving for 101 to exceed our family guest's expectations every day. We are looking forward to welcome you to once again provide you with an outstanding level of service and nothing less. Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
Had to wait 45 minutes for the airport shuttle. Toilet ran all night. Breakfast area was dirty. Breakfast order was wrong. Had to get up and ask for more coffee. Coffee creamer was spoiled. And... nobody seemed to care.Hello howardtietjen:Thank you for sharing your concerns regarding your stay with us. We were sorry to read that things did not go as well as they should have, and our associates were not attentive to your needs and were not responsive to your complaints. We can assure you that this will be addressed with the proper team members so that this is not repeated again. Thank you again for sharing your observations, and please let me know if your plans return you to this area, as I would like to personally see to your reservation needs. We hope to welcome you back again soon!Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral Manager
Always feels great to come back to this Hotel. Karla,Front Desk and Carlos,Chef, immediately recognized me as a frequent customer and made sure all my needs were taken care of.Once I realized that I forgotten my I Pad charger, they were both quick to let me know where I could find a replacement. Both of them are clear examples of Hospitality at its best!.Best Hotel for business near the airport! Don't search for more.Dear Ramon-33126,Welcome Back to our hotel. I was very pleased that you choose us once again, even though you have so many choices in the Airport area - we truly appreciate your loyalty and continued support. I thank you for your kind compliments about Karla and Carlos, please be assured I will pass on your comments onto them during the next staff meeting. I will share your comments with my team to reinforce that we are on the right track of keeping our culture alive.Thank you for making the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport your home away from home, we hope to be welcoming you back again soon. Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando International Airport
The hotel offered great service from check-in to check-out. Room was impeccably clean. Great room at a great price! Close to airport and not far from amusement parks. Will stay here again and highly recommend to others!!!Dear Guest Maria P J, I would like to thank you on behalf of my team at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport for your kind comments on our performance and your experience on your stay. Every single employee of this hotel prides themselves in the quality of their work striving for 101 to exceed our family guest's expectations every day.I want to thank you for your loyalty and support. We are looking forward to welcome you, family and friends to once again provide you with an outstanding level of service and nothing less. Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
I've stayed here before and overall, they are a great hotel. The shuttle bus came right away, front desk personnel are friendly, and the place is clean and new. However, there was a glitch this time - I called for a 6:30 wake up call and it did not happen. I woke on my own at 6:45 and luckily was not under any time constraints. This could have been a dire situation. I reported this to the front desk and they said they would look into it but I guess they never did because they never got back to me and they never apologized. Also, I do not like the bedcoverings. The duvets are too warm unless you turn the a/c down to a freezing temperature. I kept waking up uncomfortable because I was either too warm (with duvet on) or too cold (with duvet off). Definitely not energy-efficient. The hotel should go back to sheets and a few light blankets.Dear guest Cindy T:I would like to thank you for taking the time to share your experience and disappointment on your last stay. Please accept my apologies the inconvenience that you encountered.We are constantly monitoring the performance of our team member to make sure our valuable guests as yourself is welcome with an efficient and pleasant front desk procedure that provides the accommodations and service you expect. We want our guests to be met with a well-trained staff that puts guest comfort and satisfaction before everything else. I am sorry if this was not your experience. I cannot agree more with you in the matter that it was poorly handle by our associate and I can assure you that this incident will be address to all associates to avoid this for happening again.Hilton Garden Inn is always innovating, testing and looking for ways to ensure that our guest enjoy in every possible way their stay in any of our hotels with a clear consistency. Unfortunately, due to brand standards regulations the current duvets are part of the brand signature. However, if you let us know next time you are here about your preference for a blanket, we can add this to your profile so we can have it ready in your room on your next visit.Once again, please accept my most sincere apologies and I cannot thank you enough for expressing your concerns I hope that you can give us the chance and contact me directly to proof to you how serious we take this issues and how important you are for us. Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
This is an excellent place to stay! The rooms were clean and comfortable. The staff is friendly and helpful. We would definitely stay there again if we visited the Orlando area. It is 5 minutes from the airport and there are several good restaurant choices nearby. The breakfast they offer guests is very good.Thank you for your wonderful words regarding your stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport. We are happy that you were pleased with your room and our friendly staff. We appreciate you highlighting our location and our breakfast facility in your review. We are glad that your stay was enjoyable and that you plan to return. See you soon and safe travels! All the Best,Debra Thompson-FrenchGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
This is one of the only hotels within close proximity of MCO that provides shuttle service not only to and from the airport, but also to and from the cruise-line we went with. I didn't even have to rent a car, everything was available for me and my wife. Thanks again to the Hilton Garden Inn for great service and the complimentary upgrade on our honeymoon.First of all, Congratulations to the couple! We appreciate your wonderful feedback regarding your pre Cruise stay as it proved to be great start to your honeymoon. We are happy that our location close to the airport as well as the cruise terminal was perfect for your needs with the scheduled shuttle service we provided to you. Thank you for your gracious remarks, we do hope to host you and your wife back next time you take to the high seas, or perhaps to stay in the Orlando area.All the Best,Charles StephensAssistant General ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando International Airport
This Hilton hotel is one of our favorite. The staff is very accommodating and the service is terrific. We stay here for business every few weeks. Keep up the great work! We plan on staying at this property every time we are in the Orlando area. Thank you for returning to the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport. There is no better compliment than a guest who keeps coming back time after time! I'm so glad you continue to enjoy our exceptional service. It is always a pleasure to have you as our guest, and we look forward to your next business stay! Thanks again.Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
We had a bad odor and the bath room needed fixing. We talked to the front desk and nothing was resolved. They where over booked, and could only promise some one that never showed. It was so late they couldnt find us a room locally. So bring your own spray and Plummer. Bring your own breakfast too.. the food was stale and cold unless you special order your breakfast for 13.00 a plateHello dougchilton:We are very sorry for the condition of your room when you arrived. We work diligently to make sure all of our rooms are perfectly clean and working properly upon check-in, and we obviously fell short in your case. Your feedback will be shared with the housekeeping and maintenance team so appropriate measures can be taken to keep such mistakes from happening again. Although we did not meet your expectations this time, we hope you will consider our hotel on your next visit to Orlando so we can better deliver the experience you should always expect from us. Sincerely, Michael GoldwasserGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
This was a short business stay but I really felt at home at the HGI Orlando. We worked at night and needed to relax and rest during the day during our visit. From when I checked in, to my departure I was tired from working but relaxed and refreshed daily after a uninterrupted sleep. . I really want to Thank the staff members who insured I wasen't disturbed: The desk clerk who greeted me with a professional and friendly attitude, she was the same every day, and we talked every day. She really made me feel at home, the individuals who works in the Grill/Bar had an contagious attitudes that made you want to eat then just sit in the area and relax. The cooks who prepared the meals in the Grill, morning and night did a superb job. And last but not least the housekeeping staf fallowed me to sleep and relax during the day but always left me coffee, at my request, daily. When we return to Orlando, I will always stay here if on business or for pleasure. Thanks and Please recognize these staff member for me.Dear Guest Paul C, I would like to thank you on behalf of the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport team for your kind comments on our performance and your experience on your last stay. We want our guests to have the best experience possible where everything exceeds their expectations and we want our guests to be met with a well-trained staff that puts guest comfort and satisfaction before everything else. Thank you for choosing us and your comments we are looking forward to welcome you, family and friends to once again provide you with an outstanding level of service and nothing less. Sincerely,Alex Blanco, General Manager
My husband and I stayed here overnight because we had a morning flight and the hotel was very close to the airport in an area with many other well known hotel brands. I had reserved online and from the pictures it looked like a nice hotel, not luxurious but certainly more than acceptable. As soon as we drove up we saw that the lobby area was sealed off and that the registration area was moved into the dining room. We walked in and the staff was very friendly but they had done nothing to make their new registration area appealing. It was set up on a long work table that was very cluttered. We got our room and when we parked around the back and walked in the main floor was very seedy looking. The carpet was worn out and everything looked used and dingy. Once we got to our room though on the second floor it looked as if the carpet on that floor had been replaced. The furnishings in the room and the linens looked very nice and there was an updated coffee maker and a big desk area. The bathroom though looked old and the fixtures definitely needed an update. There were so many other hotels in that location to choose from so I would not plan on staying there again.Dear guest neisie13:I would like to thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to write about your experience during your stay at the Hilton Garden inn Orlando Airport.We want our guests to have the best experience possible where everything is in place, of the highest quality, and in perfect working order. I am sorry if that was not the case during your stay. Unfortunately there is never a good time to start a renovation in a hotel. For the past year we have been doing our renovation in phases so we can avoid as much as possible to inconvenience our guests and their experience last October we finished all our guestrooms and hallways, except for the hallway on the first floor because taking in consideration our current lobby renovation we didnt want the new carpet to be damage so carpet on the first floor will be the last item to go in.Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport values your patronage we want you as our loyal guest! Again, please accept my most sincere apologies, and hope you will allow us the opportunity to serve you again in the future and shows you the improvements in our product for your enjoyment. Sincerely, Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
The location is great very close to the airport and had a complimentary shuttle. Also the area is very safe with lots of restaurants and shopping nearby. The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful. The rooms are very spacious and clean. The bathroom was a bit tight, but was not a bother. Unfortunately I had an early flight, so I could not take advantage of breakfast. As a Hilton Honors Gold member and frequent traveler I would recommend this hotel.Dale, thank you on behalf of the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport team for your kind comments on our performance, and we're glad to know how loyal you are towards our Brand! As there are so many options for accommodations around the Orlando Airport area, we appreciate that you chose to stay with us. We have shared your wonderful comments with the team, and they were most encouraged by your praise for a job well done. Thanks again for highlighting our convenient location. We look forward to the opportunity to welcome you back and provide you with outstanding service once again.Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
Quick stop in Orlando, on my way home. Hotel was great , clean and convenient to the airport. I have stayed here before and have never been disappointed. Would definitely stay there again. As a Hilton Honors member I was warmly greeted and given bottles of cold water. Many thanks for your five star review and for being a Hilton Honors member. I am delighted to read that we exceeded your expectations once again. Being a loyalty member brings a wealth of benefits to your hotel experiences, providing you with special upgrades and other services. We truly value our loyal guests and will continue to provide the same excellent customer service each time you stay with us. We appreciate you choosing to stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport and look forward to serve you again! All the Best,Debra Thompson-FrenchGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
Hilton Garden Inn in Olando has a great staff. Their restaurant is accomodating. The chef and the bartender are very friendly. All the Hilton Garden Inn's have always been a great experience for me. The front desk staff are always helpful and inviting. They greet you and know your status. This hotel also had rooms with jaccuzzi tubs.Dear Guest Juan E, I would like to thank you on behalf of my team at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport for your kind comments on our performance and your experience on your stay. Your comments have been communicated to all our associates and posted in our bulletin board. The level of service provided by three of our associates Debbie, Juan and Otto is a clear reminder of how much we can impact our guests in a positive way and a job well done. Every team member prides themselves in the quality of their work striving for 101 to exceed our family guest's expectations every day.We are looking forward to welcome you, family and friends to once again provide you with an outstanding level of service and nothing less. Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
Stopped overnight here for our visit to Orlando and not disappointed at all. I am convinced the staff could have there worst day ever and still be smiling their aptitude is so positive you can feel the energy.Even the guy that mops the floor greets you with a smile and a good morning. the rooms are ultra clean as well as all the hotel. the hotel also boasts a bar grill and the service and food are fantastic. I have stayed at a lot of hotels and this one by far is 5 star.It was our pleasure to host you at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport, and thank you for sharing your feedback. I am so pleased that you felt we were successful in meeting your needs and expectations in regard to your spotless room and our excellent service. We look forward to the opportunity of welcoming you back soon!Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
We stayed one night at this hotel - it was the first visit at a Hilton which I enjoyed a lot. The rooms were spotless and the outdoor pool at the patio was very enjoyable.We were 7 of us, arriving quite early and they were able to accommodate us almost immediately and have the two rooms done up quickly . THe staff was very friendly and courteous. We will definitely stay there again.Thanks so much for your terrific review. I am so glad our team made you feel welcome and that your suite had everything you needed to make you feel at home. We all are about impressing the guest and it appears we did just that in your case. Thanks again for your nice comments. I will be sure to share your nice comments with our associates. We hope you will come back and see us again. Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando International Airport
Got a great rate on priceline for 45 for night. Reg rate was 109 which I would still pay!Room was nice and inviting, very bright, the carpet felt nice and comfortable. Bathroom was large with jetted tub and seperate shower area. Bed was nice and comfy!!24 hours coffee/tea/cookies in lobby. We used the gym in the AM while small was more then enough. Only one bike and elliptical machine. Did have a pool that we did not use. All staff we encountered from front desk to housekeeping in the hall were all pleasant and greeted us.Would stay here again in Orlando however we usually stay more towards Disney/Universal.Dear guest Bucky101, I would like to thank you for your comments on your experience on your last stay. We know that when traveling our guests have many options to choose from and we value and deeply appreciate your loyalty and support. Your comments have been communicated to all our associates and posted in our bulletin board as a reward for a job well done. We are looking forward to welcome you, family and friends to once again provide you with an outstanding level of service and nothing less. Sincerely,Alex Blanco
Love Hilton Brand Hotels - typically because they include everything. We booked this room for a pre-cruise stay because they offered free transport to Port Canaveral. I have to say the room was nice enough - no complaints whatsoever here. Breakfast had to be paid for and it was ok - nothing great and nothing terrible - it was a meal. Again - no complaints on that and no raves.Now - front desk staff (middle-aged female) was not overly friendly or interested in great customer service. We were anxiously awaiting our shuttle to the port - love cruising - and were given a curt answer that the driver would come in and get us when he got there. Oh well, we wont let her dampen our spirits.The 'free shuttle - not worth it to us - there were several stops before and after we were picked up. The driver was nice enough - but we were like close to last on the ship - we personally like to be closer to first. Pick up was a bit confusing - they pick you up after the cruise too - we got to our spot, waited a little bit - but not too bad and then got on the shuttle - only to be asked to get off because of a large group he was accomodating and then put back on when there was room for us - oh boy....then again several stops before we were able to get off the shuttle at the airport. I thought I had paid for convenience and I realize this is not the hotel itself - but it was a paid for package that I would not do again. Instead I would rent a car one way and stay in a hotel in Port Canaveral. The paid for addition to our room was definitely not a good thing for us - convenience came with a cost in time, frustration and a few dollars.probably would not stay at this particular property again - it is a nice hotel - definitely within Hilton's standards - but unfriendly (not mean - just not Disney World friendly like many seem to be in Orlando - we travel there several times a year) and the wonderful cruise package with transportation to the port and then from the port to the airport not worth feeling stressed before and after a great vacation.Dear Guest tigtink, I really appreciate your taking the time to share your experience with your recent stay. I want to personally apologize for the frustration you experienced when the actions of the staff did not meet your expectations.We want our guests to be met with a well-trained staff that puts guest comfort and satisfaction before everything else. I am sorry if this was not your experience. You can be confident that I had follow-up on your concerns/comments about the way my staff handled the situation and applied all the corrective actions necessary.We value you as a guest, and I do want you to know that your concerns are my concerns!, and please do not hesitate to contact me directly at the hotelSincerely, Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
After arriving from an overnight cross country flight from CA, my family of five was tired and only wanted to flop down somewhere to get a little sleep. We arrived earlier than expected, so our rooms were not ready. Although housekeeping wasn't to arrive until later to prepare our rooms, thankfully Emilio worked diligently to get us ONE room, so that we could all lie down after our long night. Then, the second room was available later that morning. Everyone at this hotel was wonderful, from housekeeping to bar/restaurant to all of the staff at the front desk. I would book at this hotel again, if I have the good fortune to visit the Orlando area again! Thank you, Hilton Garden Orlando!Roy, thank you for your kind words regarding your stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport. It is always a pleasure to read comments like yours that recognize our staff for their great hospitality. We're happy to share your gracious review to our team especially Emilio. Thank you again and we hope that you will return soon with your family.Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
We have stayed at this Hilton Garden Inn before, and so glad we came back. We enjoyed dinner in the restaurant, and highly recommend the wings, and the flatbread pizza. We had great service, thanks Tee. Preston at the front desk was very kind, and helpful. The airport shuttle was so easy, and stress free thanks to Benny. Looking forward to our next stay!Wow - Denise, thank you for choosing to return to the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport. We are delighted to know you had a great dining experience at our on-site restaurant and that you were impressed with the top-notch service provided by our associates. I will be sure to share your compliments with the staff mentioned in your review. It was a pleasure having you here, and we look forward to welcoming you and your family again soon.Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
My wife and I stayed here for one night. The hotel is located in a very nice complex of other hotels, with large green space surrounding the area. It's a very relaxing area. There are many chain restaurants located nearby for convenience. The hotel itself is immaculate and the staff was outstanding, especially Kara, who upon our early arrival was very accommodating and sweet. She got us in early an telephoned us as promised within an hour that the room was ready. She directed us to the cheapest gas prices, warning us of some other stations nearby. The boarding pass check-in and printing couldn't have been simpler or quicker, right next to the front desk, with all airlines listed. The room was a suite, with a separate bedroom and living area. The price was right, although the breakfast wasn't included. We were catching an early flight, but there was coffee and delicious lemonade in the lobby throughout the day. This was our first experience with the Hilton Garden Inn chain and we would go back. The Tripadvisor reviews were right on.I am so glad our staff, facilities and terrific location were all a big hit! Thank you so much for the five star review and taking the time to tell us about your recent stay. We want you to have a memorable experience in every regard and your comments motivate us to stay at the top of our game. We are glad we were successful in living up to our brands expectations thus providing you an outstanding stay. Whether your travels are for business or pleasure, we would love for you to come back and see us again soon. Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando International Airport
Hotels are hotels. You've been to one Hilton Garden Inn, and you could almost say you've been to all of them. Here the staff is amazing. They are friendly, helpful, accommodating, and all in all, a real pleasure to deal with, especially the front desk and the Bar/Restaurant staff. I have only stayed there a couple nights, but everything was perfect. The room was great, the food was wonderful, and as I said, the staff amazing. There are many restaurants nearby, and several within walking distance. I will be staying there again during my next visit to Orlando in September 2014. Highly recommend this place to anyone wanting a friendly and comfortable place near the International Airport.Dear Guest Frank d, I would like to thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to write about your experience during your stay at the Hilton Garden inn Orlando Airport. As you mentioned, Hotels are Hotels but it is the people that could turn a hotel stay into an experience and that impact our guests in a positive way and a job well done.We are constantly monitoring the performance of our team member to make sure our valuable guests as yourself is welcome with an efficient and pleasant front desk procedure that provides the accommodations and service you expect. We want our guests to be met with a well-trained staff that puts guest comfort and satisfaction before everything else. We are looking forward to welcome you, friends and family members to once again provide you with an outstanding level of service and nothing less. Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
We came as a group on business. The rooms are large, there is a nice desk for working, the complimentary Internet speed was ok, but I couldn't figure how to get the better speed once I had signed up for the complimentary. The breakfast is great and fast. The neighborhood was a great place to go for a run.Thank you for your marvellous remarks regarding your recent group stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport while on business. I am very pleased to read that you were impressed with your immaculate, spacious accommodation, the food we served, our convenient location and all the complimentary features we have to offer. My team have a great passion for what they do, so I will share your feedback with them to recognize their hard work. Thank you again, and we hope that you and your group will visit us again soon!All the Best,Debra Thompson-FrenchGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
I just came to Orlando for a quick two night stay to see some friends for the weekend. The price at this hotel was excellent for a weekend stay. It is located near many other hotels and office buildings. The hotel itself is excellent, clean and the front desk staff were very friendly. I had absolutely no issues during the stay at all. The are a ton of restaurants in the area and a Hooters out the back door of the hotel. The serve a breakfast buffet in the morning, but since I'm not a big breakfast eater I passed on that. Overall your standard Hilton Garden Inn and I would definitely come back if I'm in the area again.Thank you for the feedback regarding your recent stay while visiting friends. We are delighted to read that your visit to the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport was pleasant, and that you liked our clean property, the front desk service and the excellent value we offer. It is pleasing to hear that you will be visiting us again, so that we can provide you with an outstanding service once more. Hope you had a wonderful time with your friends!All the Best,Debra Thompson-FrenchGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
The hotel was meticulously clean, well decorated and welcoming. The room was comfortable, including the bed and bedding. We stayed over night to catch an early flight from Orlando. We had parking reservations near by, so this made the hotel a good choice, meeting our travel plans. We will use this hotel again.Thank you for staying overnight at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport. We are delighted to know you were impressed with every aspect of our hotel, especially with our well-kept property and your comfortable room. We look forward to being of your service again whenever your plan brings you our way! Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
This is a typical Hilton Garden Inn with room setups the same as all of this brand across the country. On site restaurant for dinner and breakfast with good food at a fair price.PROS:Close to the airport, but not noisyVery very cleanComfy Sleep Number beds with comfortable linensDecent pillowsBathroom lighting is goodPlenty of hot water with good water pressureIn room fridge, coffee maker, etc.Very good customer service attentive and polite.Free wifiShuttle to the airport took about ten minutesCONS:None that I can really think of! Got a decent rate that included breakfast, shuttle was on time, staff was great. No reason to avoid this hotel. If you need to be close to the airport at a good price with a clean, comfortable place to stay, this is a fine choice.Good Day TravelMommy1,On behalf of the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport team, thank you for sharing your wonderful comments regarding our performance and experience during your stay. It is always a pleasure to read comments like yours that recognizes our staff for their great service. We are also proud of our engineering and housekeeping team in keeping our rooms fresh and clean for all our guests, and with comments such as yours, it confirms that they are staying on target in achieving our goals. We hope to have the opportunity of pampering you the next time your in the Orlando Airport area.Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando International Airport
First the shuttle was over an hour late after being told by the front desk it was 5 minutes out, then we checked in and were told a crib was on its way up. After two hours and no crib, we were told none was available. The front desk offered very little help, as I found my family a different hotel that had a crib.Joel, Thank you for sharing your concerns regarding your stay with us. I am sorry to hear that my associates were not attentive to your needs and were not responsive to your complaints. I can assure you that this will be addressed with the proper team members so that this is not repeated again. Thank you again for sharing your observations, and we hope to welcome you back again in the future.Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral Manager
Front desk personnel JP Robinson and Charles Stephens were most helpful. All phases of this stay were taken care of with NO hesitation or problems. I heartily recommend this hotel and would stay here again as it is most conveniently located.Wow! We appreciate your wonderful feedback about your stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport. We are delighted to know that you had a great time with us and that you liked our convenient location and that our front desk associates took great care of you. I will surely pass on your kind words to Robinson for the great job done. Thank you for recommending us and we will be waiting to host you again soon!All the Best,Charles StephensAssistant General ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando International Airport
We spent 3 nights at the Hilton Garden Inn. The staff was very helpful as we need to have foam pillows and not feather pillows. The staff immediately made the change to help prevent any more allergic reactions. We also had one experience with a small spot of blood on one sheet. The staff came up immediately, changed the bedding and then gave us a voucher for free breakfast.Thank you for your recent stay at the Hilton Garden Orlando Airport and for sharing your feedback with us. We appreciate you recognizing and commending our staff for providing you with excellent customer service. However, we are sorry for the housekeeping issues you encountered. Nonetheless, we are glad that we were able to resolve the issue immediately to your satisfaction. It was our pleasure to host you and we hope to see you again soon.All the Best, Debra Thompson-French General Manager Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
This was a one night stay after arriving on a six-hour flight to Orlando.The room was everything you would expect from a good airport hotel.The hotel was located in an area away from the main highway whichmeant there was no traffic noise.The room was clean and furnishings looked fresh.We would be pleased to stay there again.The complimentary breakfast was excellent.
A very warm welcome on arrival from a very nice you lady. However when we departed the following day,the young man on the desk was very not interested in communicating and was more interested in his cell phone,very untidy in his appearance.Thank you for reviewing your recent stay! We are pleased you had an overall pleasant visit and thank you for appreciating the efforts of our check-in staff. However, I am so sorry for the inconvenience you experienced with one of the staff at the desk. We value your feedback and will use it to make sure we are more consistent in our service delivery. I hope you consider staying with us again as we would welcome the opportunity to restore your confidence in our hotel.Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral Manager
This is a comfortable hotel near the airport with a shuttle service. The staff were friendly and there is an adequate buffet breakfast. A good choice for an overnight stay between flights from the airportWow - Harold, thank you for making the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport a part of your travel plans. We are delighted to know our location close to the airport was convenient for your needs and that you were impressed with our complimentary breakfast offerings. It was a pleasure hosting you, and we look forward to welcoming you again soon.Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
This HGI is typical of the brand. However, the staff stood out as really friendly and helpful during my stay. I would recommend this hotel if you need to stay near the Orlando airport. The shuttle is convenient and reliable, the restaurant is nice, and the rooms are clean and crisp. There are restaurants within walking distance if you want to get out, and a sports bar behind the hotel if you want to have a few drinks without taking a cab or designating a driver. Good spot and experience.Thank you for the wonderful feedback regarding your stay with us at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport. We are glad to know that you enjoyed staying with us and that you loved our courteous staff, immaculate accommodations, as well as our restaurant. We are also happy to know that you liked our convenient location and the scheduled shuttle service we provided. We appreciate you recommending us and do hope to host you again in the future.All the Best,Charles StephensAssistant General ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando International Airport
Great choice for hotel close to airport. Clean rooms, easy to check in and out, close to restaurants and quick 5 minute drive to airport. Had a rental car so don't know about shuttle service to airport.Please accept my appreciation for your wonderful feedback regarding your recent stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport. I was so pleased to know we were successful in meeting your needs and expectations especially with the clean rooms, easy check in and check out and the closeness of our location to the airport . We strive to reach this goal for all our guests and seems we were able to achieve this during your stay.We do look forward to the opportunity of welcoming you back soon! Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando International Airport
Orlando by the airport was nice down stairs but the rooms were kinda shabby for a Hilton and for the price. I probably wouldnt stay there again. The staff were very nice and effective but the sink drain was plugged. Dear Dan B,Thank you for choosing our hotel and for sharing your honest feedback with us. We are glad that you were pleased with our terrific staff, but we are sorry that you were disappointed with your accommodations. We appreciate your feedback and will use it to better serve our guests. We hope to have the opportunity to be of service to you the next time you are in Orlando.Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral Manager
The Hilton Garden Inn at the Orlando airport is conveniently located. That is the only good thing I can say about it. While the room was ok, for the price I would have expected something much better. The restaurant was a joke with terrible atmosphere, slow service and extremely poor quality food.Dear guest Mark E, I really appreciate your taking the time to share your recent experience. I want to personally apologize for your inconvenience with our restaurant. We want our guests to have the best experience possible where everything exceeds their expectations. I am sorry if that was not the case during your visit. We value you as a guest, and I do want you to know that your concerns are our concerns! Should you have any question please do not hesitate to contact us at the hotel.Sincerely, Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
I stayed in room 336 for the weekend. Nice quiet room away from elevators ice machines. Since it's near the end of the hall, not much walk by traffic either. Besides the usual guest room door closing I didn't notice any noise from either side. As a woman traveling alone I felt completely safe at the Hilton. The fire pits were fun at night, the bartender was really nice along with the rest of the staff it made for a relaxing stay. I would also like to thank the Hilton for providing a dedicated, well lite smoking area for those of us who still do. Thanks Hilton!Please accept my appreciation for your wonderful feedback regarding your recent stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport. I am so pleased that you felt we were successful in meeting your needs and expectations. We strive to reach this goal for all our guests and seems we were able to achieve this during your stay.Thank you again for your comments, I will definitely share them with the team and thank them for a job well done. We do look forward to the opportunity of welcoming you back soon! Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando International Airport
I had a business trip that required me to go to the airport the night before with a 4: 30 am shuttle to the airport the next morning. I was early for my shuttle, for I was ready at 4:00 am and with no hesitation the shuttle was there and ready to take me. There have been other hotels that i would of had to wait until 4:30 am. So for that convenience and cleanliness of the room I would reccomend to nyone to stay here.Thank you for being our guest at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport. I am delighted you had a positive experience throughout the hotel and that you appreciated the convenience of our shuttle service. We value your recommendation and hope to be your hotel of choice whenever your travel brings you back to the area.Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
The stay was great above all the comfort and excellence of the comfort of bed and pillows is what is really important in getting a excellent night's rest for what awaits the next day. Service was friendly and helpful. Restaurants within walking distance of hotel.Dear Steven M,On behalf of the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport team, thank you for sharing your wonderful comments and rating regarding our performance and experience during your stay. We are proud of our housekeeping team in keeping our rooms fresh and clean for all our guests, and with comments such as yours, it confirms that they are staying on target in achieving our goals. Thank you again, we hope to have the opportunity of pampering you the next time you are in the Orlando Airport area.Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando International Airport
Everyone, from Rebecca at check-in, Deborah at check-out, the ladies during breakfast (I didn't get their names) and Carlos from maintenance were more than accommodating, super friendly and pleasant. They made sure we got what we needed and the adjoining rooms we needed were provided. The hotel itself was clean, quiet and modern, but the customer service is what made it perfect.Dear Guest Tina M, I would like to thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to write about your experience during your stay at the Hilton Garden inn Orlando Airport. We know that when traveling our guests have many options to choose from and we value and deeply appreciate your loyalty and support. We are constantly monitoring the performance of our team member to make sure our valuable guests as yourself is welcome with an efficient and pleasant front desk procedure that provides the accommodations and service you expect. We want our guests to be met with a well-trained staff that puts guest comfort and satisfaction before everything else. Your comments have been communicated to all our associates and posted in our bulletin board as a reminder of how much we can impact our guests in a positive way and a job well done.We are looking forward to welcome you, friends and family members to once again provide you with an outstanding level of service and nothing less. Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
The hotel is located close to the Airport and several restaurants close by some within walking distance. The hotel is clean has fresh coffee, water and hot cookies which is always a treat, great staff as well...It is so nice to hear that your stay with us was enjoyable on every front. We were glad to know that you were satisfied with the services, staff, accommodations, and amenities we offered you during your stay. Our guests frequently mention how conveniently close we are to the airport and the various eateries in our surrounding location. Im glad you felt the same. Thank you for choosing the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport hotel for your stay and we hope to welcome you back once again. Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
I didn't think I would like this hotel but on the contrary I loved it! The hotel is centrally located on Semoran Blvd about 10 minutes from Orlando airport.First, we were warmly greeted and asked if we were Hilton members which was nice. I must add, the decor was very welcoming!Up the elevator and into our room - very nice. Comfortable, king size, cozy bed. The first thing I did was to jump on the bed and roll from side to side. The amenities in the room was nice, TV, soap, shampoo, etc. Sitting area and free wifi in the room and free on-site parking were welcome additions. The location of the hotel gave you many opportunities for restaurants and shopping -- so many choices your head will spin. The good addition was buffet breakfast with freshly made waffles -- my favorite! I was in waffle heaven!We drove to a nearby mall which was nice - I don't recall the name but it was easy getting there. We rented a car from Dollar Car Rental in the airport. I would never rent from Dollar at the Orlando Airport again - I was on line for 1 hour. Awful! Overall it was a great hotel and will be added to my favorites list!Dear Guest talyah, I would like to thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to write about your experience during your stay at the Hilton Garden inn Orlando Airport. We know that when traveling our guests have many options to choose from and we value and deeply appreciate your loyalty and support. Your comments have been communicated to all our associates and posted in our bulletin board as a reminder of how much we can impact our guests experience and a job well done.We are constantly monitoring the performance of our team member to make sure our valuable guests as yourself is welcome with an efficient and pleasant front desk procedure that provides the accommodations and service you expect. Our team prides themselves in the quality of their work striving for 101 to exceed our family guest's expectations every day. We are looking forward to welcome you, friends and family members to once again provide you with an outstanding level of service and nothing less. Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
I highly recommend this hotel. I found the staff helpful and caring...even in the flurry of morning rush, they noticed that I was not feeling well and asked if there was anything they could do. In the 'by the book numbers' process of today, this act of kindness was very touching. They all went out of the way to correct every little thing.I thank you for appreciating my staffs caring and helpful deeds in your review. I am glad they went above and beyond to help you out with your issue. I was also happy to know that they left a good impression on you which resulted in you recognizing their service and sharing it with our online viewers. I am sure they will be very delighted once they read your review. We are grateful to you for recommending us to our online viewers. Thank you for choosing us and we would love to have another opportunity of welcoming you back to our hotel again.Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
This has been a horrible experience. I was on vacation with my husband and son and this pretty much ruined some of it. At check-in, they had to cancel my existing reservation and start two new ones because my stay was supposed to be paid for with my points (points for 2 nights and pay for 1 night). I would have to check in again after my first two nights and get my key cards reprogrammed. A hassle, but I was willing to do it. They had already put a hold on by debit card for 415.74. They advised us that the hold would be released as per the manager and the money would be credited back. The hold was not released as promised and I had to spend at least an hour at the front desk the next morning trying to get it handled. I also had to call my bank and let the front desk person talk to them in order to get the release done. Our bank took the hold off of the card once they were given an authorization number. I woke up the next morning and found that this hotel had run my debit card for the 415.74 AGAIN. This transaction overdrafted my bank account. I am not even sure yet if the bank is going to charge me an overdraft fee for the hotel's mistake. It was a good thing that I had more money that I could transfer to that account or we would've had issues going to the theme parks or eating meals. My husband went down to the front desk again and had to go through the same hour long session trying to get the problem taken care of. BOTH days of this, we were late getting to the theme parks that our child had been looking forward to. They credited the card back via the bank again. The front desk said that the release of the funds from the day before has never been released as promised. We were assured by front desk personnel that the manager would be in later and that they would have him call us. He did not call us. My husband called the front desk around 5:00 that evening and we were told that the manager said he wouldn't be able to look into anything until the next day. We were flying out the next day. This stay has been the worst I have ever experienced. Very disappointed. We used Hilton Garden Inn because if their good reputation on our last two trips and have spent thousands of dollars staying with them over the last six weeks. We feel that the fact that none of the management had time for us is inexcusable and terrible customer service. We will not do it again.Thank you for sharing your experience about your stay with us. Please accept my personal apologies for the inconvenience that you have experienced during your arrival and the remainder of your stay. I certainly understand and appreciate the time you took to sharing your concerns. I have discussed your review with my Front Office staff to see where we went wrong, and to come-up with actionable strategies so that this does not happen again. We would really appreciate you giving us another opportunity to prove ourselves the next time you are in the area. We hope to see you again soon.All the Best,Debra Thompson-FrenchGeneral Manager
Had trouble with flights so had to stay here for one night unexpectedly. It is a weird property for a Hilton, and doesn't feel upscale at all. My room was fine and unusually large. The bed was comfortable, I had hot water and decent water pressure. I didn't do any heavy lifting with the wifi but it was solid for me. The airport shuttle was quick and easy. They had a (paid) breakfast but I didn't partake. The best part was the staff at the front desk, they must have stolen them from Disney, as they were exceptionally friendly and helpful. No real complaints, but they charged me more than my Disney hotel did, for far less value, and that just left a bad taste in my mouth. If the price had been lower, I would've rated this higher.Robb H, thank you for your review. Your total satisfaction is always our top priority, so we are sorry there were few issues which kept you from giving us a higher rating. Your feedback is appreciated and we hope to welcome you back again. Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral Manager
This location is a mile from the airport. However it was very quiet,and we could walk to the restaurant next door. Well staffed with helpful and friendly staff, and very clean. Good amenities including towel bin at outdoor pool. Will stay there again.Please accept my appreciation for your wonderful feedback regarding your stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport. We are so pleased to read that you loved our convenient location, friendly associates and our well-kept amenities. It was great to have you here, and we look forward to your next stay with us soon.Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
I stayed at Hilton Garden Inn for a 3 day Sales Seminar and had a very pleasant and comfortable stay. The friendly staff, clean room and overall property look made me feel quite at home. I wished I could have stayed a few more days to enjoy all the amenities even more. I will definitely return to Hilton Garden Inn in the near future. KindlyThank you for your complimentary words regarding your stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport. We are delighted that you loved your well-kept accommodation, our friendly associates as well as all the other on-site amenities that we have to offer. It was our pleasure serving you, and we look forward to your next stay with us soon.All the Best,Debra Thompson-FrenchGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
The staff was excellent, the room was nice and clean. The hotel was very modern. The bed was so comfortable. The breakfast buffet was awesome and the omelets are to die for. One of the best stays I've ever had. Thank you for your amazing remarks regarding your recent stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport. It is wonderful to read that you enjoyed your contemporary accommodation, amenities we provide and the hospitality of our associates. We are delighted that you got a great nights sleep as well. It is also pleasing to hear that you relished the breakfast buffet we serve at the Garden Grill restaurant. I will share your gracious feedback with my team and congratulate them for a job well done. Thank you again, and we hope that you and your family will return soon to the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport for another fantastic experience. All the Best,Debra Thompson-FrenchGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
Close location to Orlando airport. Shopping area next door within walking distance as well as a Denny's restaurant. Clean with friendly staff. Breakfast not included when booked on Expedia points. Our room was also right by the cleaning staffs supplies. Good thing it was an early flight and we didn't have to sleep in. Nice out door sitting area with fire feature, nice on the cooler days.We appreciate your great remarks about your recent stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport. Its pleasing to know that our location and complimentary shuttle service was convenient for your needs. We are also glad you enjoyed your well-stocked room and the exceptional service from our associates. It was our pleasure to have you as our guest, and we hope to serve you and your family again when in Orlando!Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
We stayed at this hotel a few days ago, and it was a pleasant surprise. The hotel was really clean, and checkout was a breeze. To get a hotel with free parking, great location and pleasant personnel is really a find in Orlando. We have family there so it is not our first stay in Orlando, from now on this will be our go to place. grant03Dear Guest grant2003, I would like to thank you for taking the time to share your experience with your recent stay. We want our guests to have the best stay possible where everything is like new, in place, of the highest quality, and in perfect working order. As well, to be met with a well-trained staff that puts guest comfort and satisfaction before everything else.I really appreciate your comments and all of my guests feedback and I look forward to welcome you, friends, and family to once again provide you with an outstanding level of service and nothing less.Sincerely, Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
the Hilton Garden at Orlando airport lives up to the Hilton standards. The hotel staff is warm and welcoming. The rooms comfortable and quiet. Acces to the airport is less than 2 miles and there was no airport noise detected in the rooms. Not a common experience when staying near an airport.Dear Guest minneapolispat, I would like to thank you on behalf of my team for your kind comments on our performance and your experience on your stay. We know that when traveling our guests have many options to choose from and we value and deeply appreciate your loyalty and support. We want our guests to have the best stay possible where everything is like new, in place, of the highest quality, and in perfect working order. We are looking forward to welcome you, family and friends to once again provide you with an outstanding level of service and nothing less. Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
I recently traveled to Orlando for business, and booked the Hilton Garden Inn because that's where my co-workers were staying. I was surprised that such a convenient location to the airport was such a scenic hotel. We loved sitting out in the garden area at night with a few cocktails, and the pool was a really nice gathering place as well. The breakfast each day was really, really good. Standard buffet, but they also had a chef that would make omelets, french toast, pancakes, etc. which was really nice. The staff was very friendly and the room was great. It has a Keurig coffee maker, refrigerator, and a microwave....awesome! You won't be disappointed!Dear Guest mefuntravelgirl, I would like to thank you on behalf of my team at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport for your kind comments on our performance and your experience on your stay. Every single employee of this hotel prides themselves in the quality of their work striving for 101 to exceed our guest's expectations every day and make them extremely satisfy with their stay.I want to thank you for your loyalty and support. We are looking forward to welcome you, family and friends to once again provide you with an outstanding level of service and nothing less. Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
Our family of 4 stayed here overnight before our cruise. Hotel: from the exterior and lobby, the hotel looks nice. Rooms: a bit small, our room had a mini fridge. The room and bathroom are a bit outdated. The bathroom was also not as clean as the other hilton's I've stayed at. Rate: we were a hilton gold and received free breakfast so for what we paid then it was ok. Breakfast: buffet breakfast was really good. There is also a omlette bar and juice bar. The hotel was average. We don't normally stay by the airport when we visit Orlando. I felt the rooms were outdated but if you're only staying for a night and you get a good rate then it's ok. If you're staying for a few nights, I would go to a different hotel.I would like to thank you for having chosen the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando International Airport, and for sharing your honest feedback with us. Please accept our apologies for not meeting your expectations during your stay.We take feedback such as yours to heart and analyze the steps we need to take in order to correct what we did wrong. You can be assured that I have addressed the specifics from your comments with all departments involved in order for them to take corrective actions and assure that other guests are not disappointed as you were.Thank you again for taking the time out of your busy schedule to share your concerns, we do hope you stay with us again so we can provide you with the great hospitality we are known for when in the Orlando Airport area. Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando International Airport
Love this place! I stay here often each month. This place is great from the shuttle rides to and from the airport.... the great food from the restaurant.... and the incredible staff! Because, I do stay here a lot the staff have become like friends to me. I always look forward to both Tara and Eryn. They will make you feel welcome and like your a VIP. Make sure you check in early so you can have one of the fresh baked cookies at the desk!Dear Mr. David H,I would like to start thanking you for taking the time out of your busy schedule to share your experience in your home away from home.Part of our job is not just to resolve an issue that it may raise to our guests satisfaction but more important to create a positive memorable experiences every time like is the first time.Here at the Hilton Garden Inn we are all proud of our team members and like you we look forward every week to see and welcome our friends whom spend a lot of their time in hotels and away from home.Please feel free to ask for me at the front desk and thank you again not just for your loyalty but most important your friendship.Sincerely,Alex Blanco
I love staying at Hilton Hotels and earning my rewards but Garden Inns besides being a Hilton and clean do not offer anything extra like the Hampton has free breakfast or the Double Tree has free, warm chocolate chip cookies. The service was ok but it also costs more than the Hampton and you get less. We used the wifi and that was ok too. The pool was nice but no hot tub. That does seem to be a struggle for our family to find a hot tub in the Hilton Hotels. I would try the Hampton across the street before I stayed here again.Dear Shari, We appreciate your candid feedback about your recent stay. Our sincere apologies that you were not aware that we did not have a hot tub on property and did not provide complimentary breakfast or complimentary cookies upon arrival. We realize that complimentary breakfast is important to family travelers so we do offer the Family Fun package which includes complimentary breakfast and additional amenities to ensure our travelers are extremely satisfied during their stay. Unfortunately Hilton Garden Inns are not approved to provide warm cookies we do provide a delicious freshly baked oatmeal bars every evening beginning at 5pm. Again we are truly sorry for your experience and hope you will consider staying with us again when traveling through Orlando and please do not hesitate to reach out to me directly. We appreciate your feedback on opportunity areas and the valuable information you provide allows us to improve things for valuable guests like you. Our Sincere Apologies,Melissa PetiotAssistant General ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
My husband and I where flying from Orlando to Dallas, to see our new edition to our family our granddaughter. We got a very good welcome from all the staff there as soon as we arrived. Got a very good nights sleep (very quiet) got up and the shuttle to airport was on time dropped us off right at our gate. couldn't ask for a better experience.Dear Guest Yvonne R, I would like to thank you on behalf of my team for your kind comments on our performance and your experience on your stay. We know that when traveling our guests have many options to choose from and we value and deeply appreciate your loyalty and support. We want our guests to have the best stay possible where everything is like new, in place, of the highest quality, and in perfect working order. We are looking forward to welcome you, family and friends to once again provide you with an outstanding level of service and nothing less. Sincerely,Alex Blanco
Everything needed on site. Laundry, restaurant, bar, room service, sundry. Excellent location, near airport and multiple restaurants and businesses. Clean rooms and lounge area. Friendly staff. Will stay again.Thank you for your kind review of the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport. Its our goal to deliver a great value at a fair price, and we like reading that we have accomplished just that. We believe that our convenient location, fresh rooms, excellent customer service, and many complimentary features, makes us an excellent choice in the area. We appreciate your business and look forward to your return!Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
This was our first stay at a Hilton Garden Inn. The hotel was beautiful. Very quiet. Every staff member I encountered smiled and said hello. The room is very nice. Free coffee and lemonade in the lobby. Cookies in the evening too. A very pleasant stay.Thank you for staying at the Hilton Garden Inn.I was happy to know that we were able to impress you with our accommodations, service, facilities and friendly staff. We were glad you had a pleasant stay and we look forward to welcoming you back once again.Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
The bed was one of those firmness adjustable beds, however one side did not maintain the setting I set and I kept sinking in the bed. I asked to be moved to another room but they would not. They said they will come to fix it, but couldn't. Slept horrible for 3 nights because of the bed. So I may not stay at this location again.Dear Hemal, thank you for sharing your concerns regarding your stay with us. I am sorry to hear that my associates were not attentive to your needs and were not responsive to your issues regarding the adjustable bed in your guest room not working correctly. I can assure you that this will be addressed with the proper team members so that this is not repeated again and we will work on providing better solutions to guest needs. Thank you again for sharing your observations, and please let me know if your plans return you to this area, as I would like to personally see to your reservation needs. I hope to welcome you back again soon!All the Best,Debra Thompson-French,General Manager
Clean and quiet, very handy to the airport and a good shuttle service. Happy hour includes Samuel Adams products for 2.50, great deal! Just avoid the car rental location around the corner, it was very bad Value.The in house restaurant is handy when you have had a long day of travelling.Dear Guest greg p, I would like to thank you on behalf of my team for your kind comments on our performance and your experience on your stay. We know that when traveling our guests have many options to choose from and we value and deeply appreciate your loyalty and support. We want our guests to have the best stay possible where everything is like new, in place, of the highest quality, and in perfect working order. We are looking forward to welcome you, family and friends to once again provide you with an outstanding level of service and nothing less. Sincerely,Alex Blanco
5 minutes from airport this hotel is good for overnighting while flying or for Orlando business meetings close to airport. Had a small suite so we could conduct meetings then crash for the night. SWeveral good restaurants within walking distance and shuttle to and from airport saved me car rental cost.Adjustable bed support was interesting but hot....foam retained heat.Dear hjb4971,I want to personally thank you for taking the time out of your busy schedule to share your experience with your recent stay. We at Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport believe that great service + good accommodation Satisfied guest and is our daily goal to make sure we exceed your expectations.Thank you very much for staying with us and please ask for me next time so I can personally welcome you to your home away from home.Sincerely,Alex Blanco
I've stayed at this hotel a couple times when flying out early the next morning. You can't go wrong. The rooms are clean and quiet, which is crucial for those early am flights. The customer service is great. The Restaurant and bar service is fantastic. It's nice to grab a sandwich and glass of wine without having to go out. Also, this last stay, the chef was willing to make my special requested sandwich. It was great. Again, service with a smile and you could tell the employees were happy to working at the HGI.Good Day Smalls15,There is no compliment for me and my staff than a guest choosing to stay with us more than one time. It is so nice to hear that your overnight stay with us was enjoyable on every front but most especially that our clean and quiet room made such a good impression with you. This is what we strive to do every day, so I thank you for taking time to acknowledge my teams efforts. We try to be as knowledgeable and helpful as possible to meet every imaginable need a guest may have. Comments like your's let us know we are doing a good job. We hope to see you again at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport and until then wish you safe travels. Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando International Airport
Cheap price, found out why, had ants all over the bathroom floor at night and we had a second floor room! The room itself was clean but worn down, big old TV (not plasma) and the remote didn't work. The only plus was the convenience of being within a few minutes of the airport, which is the only reason we stayed overnight. The pool was good too.I'd only recommend it for convenience as it was dated and the International Dr. N. location was far superior in quality and cleanliness! That management sent an e-mail to survey their hotel after our stay, hmm, wonder why this place didn't send us the same company e-mail
We had a 5 am flight at Orlando airport, so decided to stay the night before at the Hilton garden in as it is a 5 minute drive to the airport. The hotel was perfect for that reason. We were unhappy with the quality of the room as it had not be serviced correctly. We were not an early check in. We checked in after 5 pm but our room had dried pee on the toilet and a used soap bar with hair on it in the shower. It is a simple fix for the hotel but just an awful experience when they make these mistakes to ready a room. The nightly fee for the room was 219 per night, so I have a higher expectation for the quality of the room for that price range. if it had been sub 100, the value would have offset the lack of quality controlOn behalf of our entire team, I would like to offer my sincerest apologies for the service issues in your room. There are no excuses for the issues you experienced. We have inspection procedures in place to make sure things like this don't occur and clearly we dropped the ball this time. I am working directly with our housekeeping supervisors to review and tighten current procedures to make sure that we deliver a superb stay every time. Again, I apologize, and I hope that you will stay with us again so that we can have another chance to give you the clean, comfortable accommodations that you deserve!Thank you for being our guest and taking time to share your feedback with us.All the Best,Debra Thompson-FrenchGeneral Manager
Clean, tidy and convenient for the airport. Shuttle service very prompt and courteous. Impressed that front desk staff loaned umbrellas to guests making their way out to their cars in the thunderstorm.If you are eating, I recommend the BBQ chicken flatbread.Thank you for your complimentary words regarding your recent stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport. It is great to hear that you loved our location close to the airport along with the convenience of our shuttle service. We are so glad to hear that you were impressed by the hospitality and service delivered by our front desk staff. We appreciate your business and look forward to serving you again. All the Best,Debra Thompson-FrenchGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
The Hilton Garden Inn is conveniently located about 2 miles from the Orlando Airport. I decided to use this hotel since I had to spend the week working at a facility right next to the airport. Check in was quick and easy and since I was a Hilton Honors member, I was offered to have points added to my account in lieu of breakfast. This was the first time, a Hilton employee has ever asked me this question during check in (thumbs up!). Room was nice and clean and also very quiet (the two things I value the most). This Garden Inn is also located within walking distance to a pharmacy and lots of restaurants, which is a plus for any out of town guests that do not have a vehicle. The only somewhat negative experience was when I asked about larger room availability, as I plan to come back to Orlando in a month with the family. The employee did not sound very interested in trying to assist me with room information and rates, so I guess, I will find another hotel in the area for that trip. In all, while I plan to use another hotel during my next trip to Orlando, I would still recommend this Hilton Garden inn to any business travelers in the area.Dear guest Dansladen:Your effort and time in sharing your comments surrounding your experiences during your last stay is most appreciated and something we take very seriously. Please accept my sincere apologies for any aggravation or inconvenience you may have experienced during your visit.We are constantly monitoring the performance of our team member to make sure our valuable guests as yourself is welcome with an efficient and pleasant front desk procedure that provides the accommodations and service you expect. We want our guests to be met with a well-trained staff that puts guest comfort and satisfaction before everything else. I am sorry if this was not your experience. I cannot agree more with you in the matter that it was poorly handle by our associate and I can assure you that this incident will be address to all associates to avoid this for happening again.Once again, please accept my most sincere apologies and I cannot thank you enough for expressing your concerns I hope that you can give us the chance and contact me directly to proof to you how serious we take this issues and how important you are for us. We value you as a guest, and I do want you to know that your concerns are our concerns!. Sincerely,Alex Blanco
Stayed here for some training across the street. Stayed in room 139, just 2 doors from the side parking lot. Comfortable beds, nice breakfast area (free for HHonors members). Free coffee in room (Keurig), movie channels on television, fitness center on site. Out the back door is Hooters, more restaurants nearby.Thanks for being our loyal guest and we are so glad you had a great time at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport. We strive to provide our guests outstanding hospitality and your compliments serve as encouragement to all of us. Thanks once more for sharing the highlights of your stay, and we look forward to welcoming you back again! Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
Pleasant visitI stopped in here to wait for an arriving guest from the airport--with time on my hands I went to the Pool Bar where the nicest English Gentleman named Wayne took great care of me-his whole attitude of Grand customer service and winning demeanor were palpable !! Never have I felt so well taken care of on an impromptu visit --ANYWHERE- He was courteous and funny and just full of JOY.-obviously loves his work. The Hilton properties are always sparkling clean and well appointed-obviously someone knew what they were doing when they hired this individual!!Stayed March 2017, traveled with familyThank you on behalf of the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport team for your kind comments on our performance, and I am glad you had a wonderful experience during your recent visit. We appreciate you recognizing Wayne for his excellent service. He truly makes a difference at our hotel. I am proud to recognize his passion at our next staff meeting in front of his peers, and congratulate him for doing such a great job. We hope to have the pleasure of welcoming you back soon. Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
Wanted to stay in a hotel close to the airport, so picked the Hilton Garden Inn. The staff is very professional and friendly. This hotel is kept clean, which is always something I look for when traveling. My bed was very comfortable. Having a good TV with multiple channels was a bonus. The business center is a little small (2 computers), but the equipment is up to date and in good condition. The breakfast is a buffet, which is pricey (12 something). They do offer a continental breakfast, but it is limited. Without a car, restaurant choices outside the Hilton Garden are somewhat limited. The hotel restaurant was pretty good, but they don't have capacity to handle large groups. A party of eleven people showed up before us, so we were told it would take 45 minutes before we could get served. We ate at another restaurant that night. In summary, nice staff and a clean room, but food choices kind of limited without a car.Dear guest M H:Your effort and time in sharing your comments surrounding your experiences during your last stay is most appreciated and something we take very seriously. Please accept my sincere apologies for any inconvenience you may have experienced during your visit.We are constantly monitoring the performance of our team member to make sure our valuable guests as yourself is welcome with an efficient and pleasant staff procedures that provides the accommodations and service you expect. We want our guests to be met with a well-trained personnel that puts guest comfort and satisfaction before everything else.I hope that you can give us the chance and contact me directly to proof to you how serious we take this issues and how important you are for us. We value you as a guest, and I do want you to know that your concerns are our concerns!. Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
I always use Hilton hotels. This one is the usual high quality I expect from them. Despite being close to the airport, I was not bothered by any aircraft noise. Definitely would stay here again. Hooters is next door and there are several other restaurants about 10 minute walk from the hotel. We appreciate your wonderful remarks about your recent visit to the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport. I am delighted to read that you had a great stay, and we appreciate your loyalty towards our brand. We are glad you enjoyed our proximity to the airport as well as area restaurants which was convenient for your needs. Thanks for being our valued guest, and we look forward to welcoming you back soon! All the Best,Debra Thompson-FrenchGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
I ended up here unexpectedly. I made my reservation in the care on my way to the airport for an unexpected lay over in Orlando to catch an early morning flight out to Aruba. Rates were reasonable and the booking process on my phone was a breeze. I also used the digital check in and picked my room. The hotel was clean, front desk was welcoming on check in and out. Prompt shuttle pickup and delivery to and from airport. Restaurant was good, staff was friendly and helpful. Beer was cold and the food was better than you might expect in a hotel restaurant. Cookies in lobby are always a bonus as is the flavored water. Trusted brand all the way around.Thank you for being loyal towards our brand and choosing to stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport. We are thrilled to know our location close to the airport was convenient for your needs and that our service, as well as facilities, were up to your liking. I will definitely share your feedback with my entire team and thank them for a job well done. We look forward to the opportunity to welcome you back soon! Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
Very helpful and curtious staff, they had room ready early and everything was ready neat and clean. Lobby was well decorated and clean. Shuttle service to airport is nice plus. Driver was very helpful and curtious. Thank you for the complimentary words regarding your stay at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport. We are so delighted that you loved our well-kept property, courteous associates and your clean and well-maintained accommodation. We are also happy that our shuttle service was perfect for your needs. It was our pleasure serving you, and we hope to have you back with us soon.All the Best,Debra Thompson-FrenchGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
I can't comment on cost because I used points but the morning breakfast was awesome. It was buffet style with made to order eggs. There were multiple waiters taking care of all our needs. The room was great and the customer service from the front desk was excellent. The location is very close to the airport. The only negative experience was the 15 minute wait for the shuttle.Dear JohnTSanAntone,Thank you so much for the five-star review and for taking the time to tell us that we succeeded in providing you with a comfortable stay. I am so glad our accommodations, facilities and terrific location were all a big hit, and that the breakfast we offered you added more value to your stay. We want you to have a memorable experience in every regard. Thank you again for staying with us we would love for you to come back and see us again soon!All the Best,Melissa PetiotAssistant General ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
We stayed a single night after driving back from Key West the staff were all really helpful food was excellent at dinner and breakfast look forward to staying there again next year. We would recommend to any oneWe appreciate you staying at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport recently and for recommending us. Thank you on behalf of our Food and Beverage team for your gracious words regarding your experience at our restaurant, The Garden Grill. I am so glad that you enjoyed our Chef's daily creations during your overnight stay. Our staff takes great pride in preparing mouth-watering breakfast and dinner features, and will appreciate hearing your wonderful remarks. I am also glad that my entire team exceeded your expectations, as they strive for this daily. We loved having you as our guest and look forward to providing you with another outstanding stay. All the Best,Debra Thompson-FrenchGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
Clean rooms and very nice staff. Would stay here again. The pool was well kept and I appreciated that I had free wifi and was able to use the business centre including printing my boarding passes and they did not charge me for this service.Dear Guest Victoria E, I would like to thank you for sharing your experience at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport during your stay. Nowadays with so many choices in life specially when travelling with hotels, airlines, places, restaurants, etc one of the most rewarding aspects of our job is to know that we were able to make a difference and exceeded our guests expectations. Thank you for staying with us and we are looking forward to welcome you to once again provide you with an outstanding level of service and nothing less. Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
The staff are great. Breakfast pretty good. Convenient to airport. You can walk to loads of resturants. Far enough away from all the Disney to not be over crowded, but still closs to most attractions.Dear guest Robert A, I would like to thank you on behalf of my team at the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport for your kind comments on our performance and your experience on your stay. We know that when traveling our guests have many options to choose from and we value and deeply appreciate your loyalty and support. Your comments have been communicated to all our associates and posted in our bulletin board as a reminder of how much we can impact our guests in a positive way and a job well done. Every single employee of this hotel prides themselves in the quality of their work striving for 101 to exceed our family guest's expectations every day. Thank you very much for your support and understanding while we are working to improve our hotel for your enjoyment.We are looking forward to welcome you, family and friends to once again provide you with an outstanding level of service and nothing less. Sincerely,Alex BlancoGeneral Manager
I picked this location because it was close to MCO, relatively affordable, and had a free airport shuttle. The room was ok, though is showing wear (for example, bathroom tiles were cracked and some grout was missing). The linens were very cheap and coarse (I quite literally got rug burn on my elbow from rolling over in the night). The shuttle to the airport in the morning was fine, but I couldn't get the front desk to stay on the line long enough to get picked up from the airport after returning my rental car (seriously irritating when someone answers the phone and immediately puts you on hold before taking 30 seconds or less to understand the reason for the call). I spent about 10 minutes on hold (despite trying to call 3 different times) and eventually took a cab to the hotel (which annoyed the cabbie greatly since it was a short fare).Given this experience, I wouldn't recommend staying here unless it's the cheapest cost. It was reasonably quiet and I slept ok all things considered, but there are several options in the immediate vicinity.Dear Falconsview, thank you for sharing your experience and for being our guest. While overall you had a pleasant stay, we are unhappy with the lack of service received from our front desk staff. Please accept our apologies for any inconveniences that you experienced being put on hold for so long. We have discussed your comments with our staff to make sure each guest is greeted promptly and no requests are ignore. We would really appreciate you giving us another opportunity to prove ourselves the next time you are in the area. We hope to see you again soon.Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral Manager
Plenty of electrical outlets in room. Beds comfortable but not as good as Holiday Inn Express and Marriott chain. Hotels in this price range offer free breakfast - they offer 11.95 buffet. Sometimes, you dont want all this Buffet food. Clean and staff friendly. For this visit, they offered the best rate for a Airport hotel in this class.Thank you for choosing the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport for your recent accommodations. It is a delight to read you both found us to be a good value and had a nice stay in our comfortable room. It was a pleasure hosting you and on behalf of everyone here, we invite you to stay with us again the next time you visit Orlando. Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
Great hotel with wonderful rooms. The room service was amazing. The lobby offers a quick shop for drinks and snacks. There is also a restaurant/bar in the lobby. My room had both a tub/shower and a stand alone shower which I must say I have never seen in a hotel room. It was kinda cool. I utilized the shuttle transportation twice during my stay and both times the driver was quick and courteous. Excellent experience.Thank you on behalf of the Hilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport team for your kind comments on our performance. Its so nice to read you loved your well-appointed room and that our shuttle service was convenient for your needs. Ill be sure to share your compliments with my shuttle team. It was a pleasure to have you as our guest, and we hope to see you again soon.Sincerely,Michael GoldwasserGeneral ManagerHilton Garden Inn Orlando Airport
We checked in just before midnight, we were going on a cruise the next morning. Check in took about 15 minutes at 11:45 pm. Staff was friendly. Room was nice and comfortable. We had a box of muffins we took in with us. There were no bug in the box when we got there and ate one before going to... More
We had troubles with our flight and had to book this hotel at 9am. We called the hotel and Blake at the front desk listened us out and told us he will have a room ready for us whenever is best for us to come in. We arrived shortly after and he was great, professional and friendly. Thank you for... More
The hotel,was very nice, clean and quiet. The hotel is convenience located. The staff was friendly and accommodating to our room change request. (We wanted a room with a view). We requested additional towels and they were brought up immediately. Glad the room has a refridge and microwave. I would recommend this hotel.
We stayed at this hotel after a recent renovation. Outside of new carpeting, I'm not sure what has been renovated. Still, at 60/night on Priceline it was a great value. Our room was a king suite with a separate sitting room that included a widescreen LCD TV, small refrigerator, coffee maker (with Starbucks coffee packets) and sofa. The bedroom also had a TV, but it was not a flat screen.My main complaint with this hotel is that there is no free internet access in the room (it is 9.99/day). There is free internet access in the business center (which is actually 2 computer terminals near the lobby), but they can be hard to get on in the afternoon.Parking is free, and the hotel is very convenient to the airport with a free shuttle.All in all, not a bad place as long as you don't overpay.
My husband and I spent the night at the Sheaton Orlando Airport and I finally could feel like I got a good night sleep! Thank you for the most comfortable beds. I just returned from a 7 day crusie and a wonderful bed was so welcoming, thank you!
After staying at a hole in the wall nasty, dirty and druggie hotel in Daytona beach all week we were really happy to stay at a very nice, clean, comfortable and odor free hotel for the last night of our honeymoon. We had a great time in Daytona beach! Just make sure not to let pictures fool you when searching for a hotel. Read reviews closely !!! Sheraton is what we should of went with for the whole week! Sometimes you really do get what you pay for. I was more then happy to pay 99 for a quality room here at Sheraton. As soon as I walked in I smiled. Very accommodating, friendly and there was no doubt about clean bedding. Our room was amazing and it was the ideal place to stay. I can't say enough positive things about this hotel.Congratulations and thank you for taking the time to write about your experience! Our team was thrilled to read what a difference their passion for service made and we are happy that you enjoyed the comfort and quality that Sheraton is so well-known for. We look forward to being your choice hotel when your travels bring you back to the area!
This is one of the best hotels I have stayed in, and I have stayed in many hotels around the world. We had two rooms (5 people). The rooms are spacious and beds very comfortable. Very clean and fresh, with everything in place. There is also a quiet garden with a pool + sun chairs and a nice, green lounge feeling. In the lobby there is a coffee shop and a shop that sells travel items. Excellent wifi, not too much noise and a short walk to TGIF and Dennys for food. We had breakfast for 13.95 per person, and that was a pretty good deal. Could have had some more healthy food, but overall it was good. Free shuttle to the airport every 30 min. Recommend it!We are honored to receive such praise from a seasoned traveler such as yourself and appreciate that you took the time to list some of our many amenities! We thank you for your recommendation and encourage you to socialize with us on Facebook and Twitter so you may receive advance information on deals with us.
The staff was very accomodating, even changing our first room to be near my parents' when they arrived. The shuttle drivers, especially Brian, were friendly, knowledgeable and we never had to wait more than a few minutes to either go somewhere or be picked up. When we returned from our cruise, we had 6 hours to kill before our flights. The staff offered to let us return to the hotel, hold our luggage while we used to pool, gym or free internet and shuttle us to the airport when we were ready to go. The gentleman in the restaurant offered to both heat up the noodle cup I bought for my daughter at the snack shop and put the Disney Channel on for her to watch. The folks here coudn't be nicer.
This is my second time here just getting a night of sleep for a super early flight. My room was updated and huge with a nice king size bed, a large bathroom, living area, kitchenette, and two TVs. The hotel provides a couple bottles of Dasani water and coffee. Perfect for what I needed. There is a free shuttle to the airport every 30 minutes I had to put my room number down and reserve a slot. It was efficient and the airport was a quick 5 min trip down the road.There is an onsite restaurant and carry ready foods available in the lobby area. The night staff I met were nice.
I'm used to airport hotels being over crowded and worn down from the sheer crush of people going in and out. This goes double for ones in a tourist mecca like Orlando.But this property is far from that. We stayed for three nights over New Years, and were impressed from start to finish. Common areas were just as clean and polished as the rooms, and though we didn't use them, the pool, fitness room, and business centers all looked spiffy, clean, and well kept. The staff do an amazing job keeping things running well for guests, and it shows!We did use the restaurant after our late night arrival, and we were impressed there too. The cheeseburger was cooked just right, toppings were fresh and crisp, and the fries were outstanding. The wife had the chicken quesadilla and it too was way better than we might have assumed. Good beer and wine list as well, and we even snagged a mini bottle of prosecco to ring in the new year with later.Breakfast buffet was good also. Mostly standard fare, but all was cooked well, served hot and fresh, and coffee pot was never empty. Can't ask for too much more there.Overall, we had a great experience here. We normally don't use airport hotels, but of the ones we have used over time, this one sets a dang high bar. I'd definitely recommend it.
My husband, daughter and I visited Orlando for a funeral. It was a stressful time and we had to book on very short notice. This hotel worked out very well. The beds were comfortable. The rooms clean, fresh and nice looking. Nothing fancy but unpretentious. It's three minutes to the airport so great for early flights. We enjoyed the breakfast buffet. Everything was fresh and came with the room for an extra 10 and the waitress was really pleasant. The pool looked nice though we didn't have time for a swim. My daughter stayed on the pullout couch. It was not comfortable but she didn't mind and enjoyed the private space. This is not close to the parks so I would not recommend for an Orlando vacation. It is close to downtown, which is experiencing a nice resurgence. There are decent chain restaurants and big box stores (e.g. Petco) within walking distance. We were sorry to hear of the reason for your trip and would like to express our condolences. Thank you for taking the time to share your thoughts about our property and we are glad that everything was conducive to your needs. We would enjoy welcoming you back for a different circumstance next time your travels bring you to our area!
The room is massive! It was GREAT! Lots of restaurants within walking distance. Very close to the airport. Would definitely book here again. Loved it! Comfortable bed. The front desk staff were very very attentive and helpful. The courtesy driver very friendly. Only problem I had was with the coffee in the room. Package was for 4 cups and coffee maker was single cups. Made HORRIBLE coffee. (gag) Tried to get a coffee from downstairs but they had none available at Skybar. (odd)
If you are traveling alone and don't know where to eat, try the restaurant/bar in the lobby area. Morgan at the SkyBar was one of the best servers I have had in a long time! I had their Chicken Noodle Soup and Quesadillas ... both recommended and wonderful. Thanks, Morgan!We are so happy to hear that you enjoyed your meal at our Sky Grille and that Morgan displayed the personalized guest service that our team prides itself in. We look forward to your return visit and appreciate your recommendation to others!
This is long overdue. However, my family and I had a wonderful trip from cape cod to this hotel. We drove here, we stayed over Christmas, which we have never not been home before. My family surprised us and showed up too and the front desk helped arrange for them to be right near us! The staff here were friendly, accommodating and the rooms were very clean! This property is a suites property and worked out very well for our family. Hotel was close to restaurants and a short drive to Disney and all the amusements parks which were very fun!
I recently stayed at the Sheraton for about four days to enjoy the parks and Orlando. I have to say my stay was perfect. Eimy was just wonderful, she printed out all the directions for me and my family and answered all my questions. Every time I needed something she was right there to help. Eimy was truly the face of The Sheraton during my stay!! :)
What a pleasant surprise! We booked this hotel for one night (booked 2 rooms) because we had vacationed in Orlando all week but had an early flight going home the next day.......we wanted to stay close to the airport in a hotel that provided a shuttle service. Sheraton never disappoints us! This hotel had a great pool, great location, great breakfast buffet, but most of all.....a great staff!! Sandra Lady were awesome! They took care of us as if we were the only ones in the hotel.....answering questions on how to get picked up after we returned our rental car, to where we should buy the cheaper gas, booking our shuttle for the airport in the morning...just to name a few things!Kudos to Sheraton for having a great team......keep up the great work!!!!Our goal is to offer a comfortable room with great service when our guests stay with us each and every time. Thank you for your kind words regarding your stay and I am very happy to hear you were pleased with all of our services and amenities. Of course, your feedback is communicated to our team and both Lady and Sandra are delighted in the fact they were able to make your stay such a pleasant surprise.
I thought I would have a look to see what others thought of this wonderful place and could not believe my eyes when I saw negative comments.I was in orlando for business and was moved to this hotel half way through my stay for geographical reasons. Upon my arrival the staff were very friendly, accomodating and professional. I was told shuttle buses to the airport left every 20 minutes were I could transfer to a variety of Lynx bus routes. I did not have a car during my trip but from what I saw of the car park, it looked just like any other. The shuttle drivers were very pleasent especially Angel and Brian. I used the shuttle several times during my trip.As for the rooms I have absolutly no complaints! They were full suits with a living area and bedroom area. Especially as I was on my own it was VERY spacious. There was a fridge, microwave, coffee maker, hair dryer as well as 2 TV's (1 in each area of the room). The pool area/courtyard was very tranquil with palm trees and other shrubbery. There were some small live animals around (frogs, gheckos etc) but these are found throughout florida anyway. The pool was a combination outdoor/indoor pool with a divider in the wall and chairs or sunbeds in both areas. Sadly the jacuzzi was out of use but these things happen.All meals were wonderful, especially the american breakfast buffet which had hot and cold choices. The evening meals were delicious even if a little expensive but again that's what you get in hotels.To be blunt if what you want is a palace then ask the Queen of England if you can come for a visit otherwise this will suit the needs of any normal person. The only draw back to this hotel is that if you want to visit the theame parks, you are very far away.
Really Nice Property and Staff, Convenient. Front desk was exceptional..friendly and nice...hotel was decorated for halloween...VERY nice touch. Restaurant/breakfast buffet was excellent...many choices and good food and wait staff was very good. Room was spacious and cleanThank you for all the great compliments Deigs! It was especially nice to hear you appreciated our Halloween decorations, which all departments participated in. We hope you choose to stay with us again should you return to the Orlando area.
Booked the room for business travel with two others and it suited us well. Good location, easy access to the airport, plenty of restaurants close by and easy access to the metro area without being in the middle of the tourist areas. Rooms are huge and the bed was really comfortable. Nice lounge/restaurant area and the lobby has been upgraded. Easy to park. The fitness room could use a little help but over all it was a nice stay.My team and I have thoroughly enjoyed reading your fantastic review and I would like to thank you for taking the time to list our amenities so accurately. Since you have noted the fitness center as the one area we could improve on, I am delighted to tell you that we have scheduled a full fitness center renovation during the month of September, including new equipment. We are very excited to announce this upgrade to our guest experience and hope that we will exceed your expectations during your next visit!
The hotel is about 5 minutes from the Orlando International Airport, so it's very convenient to stay for an overnight before taking a flight. In addition, it's only 3,000 SPG points (weekends), so you don't have to use up a lot of points on your stay. What you get is a nice sized suite, complimentary internet, and a decent night's sleep. There aren't a lot of perks for Starwood Preferred Guests like in other Sheraton hotels, but it's a good value nonetheless. There's an indoor/outdoor pool, a nice fitness center and lots of restaurant options within walking distance. The restaurant in the Sheraton was a little overpriced and room service was extremely overpriced. Other than that, the shuttle drivers were very friendly, as was the staff.
the hotel is awesome ,but around 800 last night I went to the bar with my husband and was totally ignored by one of the guys there he waited on several people around but never spoke or acknowledged me at all after 15 or 20 minutes another guy by the name of Keith asked to assist me . He waited on us with pleasure and made my night . I wanted to let him know people like himself are wonderful and I appreciate him acknowledging us and not have me leave the hotel with a bad taste in my mouth .SHOUT OUT TO KEITH ....THANKSAllow me to thank you for letting us know that you enjoyed our hotel. I am disappointed to hear that one team member did not acknowledge you upon arrival to our Sky Grille Restaurant. I appreciate your feedback I can assure you that the lack of acknowledgement and service was an isolated incident due we were busy. On the other side, Im glad Keith turned around your dining experience. Ill let him know your appreciation for his service. We take pride in our ability to make every guest feel special and would love to welcome you back as our guest if your travels bring you back to Orlando.Marlon Reyes, Food Beverage Manager
Stayed for 3 nights and was very happy with the accommodation and service provided.Yes, there were renovations going on but we did not hear any noise or was inconvenienced at all. The workers took the rear service elevator (2R or 1R) and other than the faint smell of paint while passing the rooms being renovated, we hardly noticed any construction going on. All the information and amenities provided in the hotel website were accurate- great to do research ahead of time and know what is expected. The basics were all there: Clean hotel, professional staff, good communication and thoughtfulness (front desk remembered/addressed me by name during conversations from day 1-3).Pros: 1.Staff Hospitality and Friendliness- The staff that we met were all delightful and friendly. They engaged us in conversation and made us feel welcomed. Front desk Eimy and the night front desk person (Paul) was accommodating and helpful, so as the sous chef, housekeeping and restaurant staff, The genuine energy and hospitality from the staff was evident. Their courtesy and friendliness made us feel welcomed. We were consistently greeted with a hello and eye contact- the housekeeping staff, restaurant servers, front desk, facilities or construction workers that we meet in the lobby, hall way, elevator or restaurant, This may be basic service but truly made a difference during our stay,2. The shuttle service was excellent. Quick and friendly drivers (Terrance and Andreas). I called the front desk for a pick up and it took about 10 minutes for the driver to arrive at A 44 (the pick up location). After a red eye flight, this could not be any better.Throughout our stay, we used the shuttle to take us to the restaurants nearby, to an event location and of course to the airport. The shuttle service was a big bonus in this hotel. 3. Lobby- Clean, new furniture and nice modern decor. Very welcoming and comfortable.4. Rooms- Spacious, A/C worked well, nice comfortable bed, microwave, refrigerator and well appointed rooms (booked 2 rooms). The bathroom was quite small but clean. The bedroom and living rooms are separated. Requested a roll away bed (10) and it fit perfectly fine in the living room with the sofa bed, desk,and a chair, This hotel is a category 2 and going through renovation. It was clean, comfortable and functional. Areas of Opportunity:1. Breakfast menu selection- The food selection was quite limited, It is the usual fare (french toast, bread, bagel, eggs, sausage and bacon with fruit, oatmeal and cereal). Would be nice to have an omelet station. They do cook eggs to order and had scrambled egg whites with spinach on one of the days, Service was fast and friendly (provided beverages). The fresh fruit was not so fresh as it tasted sour and looked mushy. The server was informed and he took action immediately,Some tips:1.Hotel shuttle is available within 2 mile radius and covers about 25 restaurants -from fine dining to fast food, a mini-mart, and a souvenir gift shop. 2. The gas station closest to the hotel charges twice as much. If you need to fill the rental car before heading to the airport, the gas prices at the 7-Eleven is much cheaper.3. Super Wal-mart is about 7 minutes away and has every thing-food, clothes, souvenirs, pharmacy, party supplies, etc.. However, the hotel shuttle does not go there and have to use a private transport company or taxi, (costed us 24 round trip). 4. Transport to Downtown Disney or Epcot is 100 Round Trip. Van can accommodate 9 people. Just let the front desk know 30 minutes to 1 hour before to schedule pick up.
We stayed one night after a cruise. The hotel is spotless. There were 2 huge rooms in the suite. The living room had a massive flat screen tv's. The bedroom had a nice 32 We were picked up and returned your the airport by the shuttle and both drivers were amazing.We arrived at 11 am and they rushed to get our room ready. What a great place to relax before our flight home.There is a fridge,microwave and coffee maker in the room. There is also a free bottle of water which I thought was a nice touch. The staff at the front desk were extremely polite and appeared to be well trained.Nice lobby and restaurant/bar. The pool is an indoor/outdoor type and was beautifully heated. Will definitely return.Thank you for taking the time to post such a detailed and wonderful review - we greatly value your feedback and your business. It was a pleasure to make a relaxing day possible with an early check in. Our team members pride themselves in providing first class service and it is very rewarding to read comments like yours. Thank you again for sharing your thoughts and I look forward to having you as our guest again soon
We stayed there overnight between flights from Jamaica to Salt Lake City. The only bad thing about our stay is we got in at midnight and left the following morning, we did not get a chance to enjoy the room. Service was excellent, from pick up at airport, front desk, and shuttle back to airport. Our room was a two room suite with a Tv in the bedroom and a flat screen Hidef in the living room. Nice size refrigorator and micro wave. Since we got in so late , we did not take advantage of them. Would stay again for a longer period of time. Wi-fi was at an extra cost in the room, but the computer in the lobby allowed us internet to print our boarding passes.
First let me start off by saying the staff was wonderful - very accomodating. Unfortunately, I found a bed bug in my bed. I called the front desk and they sent someone up immediately. The person identified the bug I found as a a bed bug and they moved me to a new room, however, by then I had the heebie jeebies (I had also found a hair on the sheets - but that could have come from the maid or something - who knows. Anyway, I asked to check out immediately, and they let me - with no penalty and no problems. I wouldn't stay at this hotel again - it just seemed kind of outdated and dirty. Sorry! :(
So, it was 7:30a, we just debarked our cruise and our flight didn't leave until 11p. We are a family of four: two adults/two kids, so naturally I wanted to be somewhere where my husband and I could relax and the kids could splash around in the pool ..or something.We called around to other hotels and were given ridiculous day rates. We happened upon the Sheraton and gave them a call. They were incredibly accommodating and the price for the room was unbelievably reasonable. Check in was smooth, the hotel was very clean and the room was spacious and delightful. The heated pool actually felt heated and the hot tub was relaxing. If you have a day in Orlando and you just want to relax..Stay Here!!!We were thrilled to hear that we were able to accommodate your needs and that you enjoyed your day at the Sheraton Suites Orlando Airport! We strive in making every guests stay a memorable one and were happy to hear of your experience. We would love to see you and your family again soon!
I stayed here on night prior to returning home. The hotel is in a great location near the airport and expressway. You are about 20 minutes from Universal studios and Walt Disney World. There are restaurants in the area.The front desk clerks and van shuttle drivers on both the evening and graveshift very nice.The lobby area is nice with free wifi in this area. However the hallways,elevators and rooms need updating.The hallways are very dark and on the third floor, several stains on the ceiling.The rooms are very large with plenty of space. Large work desk area. The wetbar has a coffee maker with Starbuck products. Also a microwave and mini frig.The living area has sofa and chair and flat screen tv. However while the room was clean, was very dated.The bed was very comfy with four large pillows. Also a flat screen tv in room (great if traveling with others.). The vanity area is in the bedroom with carpet. The closet has mirrors on the outside.The toilet area is small,but nice. Plenty of towels and heating light.The elevators are old and loud.The biggest peeve was with the ice situation. Signage in the elevator stated ice machines on second and first floor. Went to the one on the second floor, out of order. Walked down to the first floor, this ice machine is out of order. The one on the first floor stated, use the one on the third floor in the laundry area. Headed back to the third floor. The ice machine is in the laundry area in an odd position. The other peeve is internet charge in the room and not the lobby.I would only stay here again if the hotel update the hallways and rooms are updatedDear Airlink99Thank you for your recent visit to the Sheraton Suites Orlando Airport and for taking the opportunity to provide our company with the gift of feedback. Your comments have been shared with our team and the ice machines have been replaced. Our lobby and fitness center were renovated 2 years ago and our ownership is making arrangements to do a complete hallways and guest rooms renovation in the up coming months. Please consider visiting us once again during your next trip to Florida hope to see you soon. Nelson SantosDirector of RoomsSheraton Suites Orlando Int'l Airport
We stayed here whilst my husband was working and I accompanied him for a holiday. The hotel staff are lovely and extremely helpful. The room maid was a joy. The room itself as the title of the hotel suggests is a suite. Comprising lounge/study area with a fridge, coffee maker (coffee provided) and microwave. There is a desk with WiFi (fairly unreliable) and a hard wire connection (more efficient). A comfortable sofa, easy chair and flat screen TV. The bedroom follows off the lounge and we choose to have a king size bed (other options exist). Bed very comfortable, barely adequate hanging space but sufficient drawers. The bathroom was huge, lighting could be better but is ok. Other facilities include an indoor/outdoor pool with nice patio areas to relax. Pool towels freely available. Bar/Restaurant and Coffee bar is ok with a limited menu. The food we had there was fine. The area is generally hotels and a car is a must since there is very little available within walking distance. Very close to the airport and main road network. Good place to stay if you don't want to be in the thick of all the tourist attractions in Orlando, but can still reach them with ease.Thank you for taking the time to write such a detailed review and especially for your charming words about our staff. We work hard to provide exceptional service and your kind comments are much appreciated by our team. I am also glad to hear that you enjoyed our suites and benefited from our amenities and location. We look forward to welcoming you and your family back in the future!Thank youNelson Santos
very helpful staff, clean environment, food and drinks was very good. clean lobby, safe parking lot, good location close to many places to eat in the area. like there are quiet and don't hear a lot of noise from other rooms.Thank you for your amazing feedback regarding our location, service and amenities! We hope to welcome you back again soon.
We just came back from Orlando for our cruise. We stayed one night at the Sheraton Suites Orlando Hotel.5 Minutes drive to and from (MCO) Orlando Int Airport. Restaurant and Bar available and Starbucks counter, coffee for purchase, Heated Pool. The pool is part inside and outside, very cool. Kids had a blast. Hot tub was very hot and close by the pool. Large Lobby with rocking chairs and couches. Free large parking on location and beautiful surrounding.
SPG Platinum and Hyatt Diamond who normally favors MCO's Hyatt airport properties. Decided to check out the Sheraton Suites Orlando Airport on an overnight transit stay. I regret the decision and will not return.The suite smelled musty, like a wet dog. Furnishings were worn out and the carpet dirty. Bed was made, but the linens were unclean. Human body, pubic hair, eye lashes and thin cat or dog hair littered the fitted sheet. Three requests and 30 minutes later, a new set of clean linens delivered to my room for me to remake the bed with.If you're an SPG member, save yourself the disappointment. The hotel is on it's last leg. A renovation is well overdue and the property simply isn't competitive considering the other options nearby. This Starwood category 2 property is in serious need of a downgrade. If you've booked this hotel for the price of a pizza on Priceline, you'll probably be happy with the value as many of the positive reviews reflect. For most anyone else, steer clear.Dear JuzzinWe are extremely saddened to hear about your disappointing experience. Although the overall satisfaction rate of our SPG members is generally very high, there is certainly no excuse for such a severe oversight as dirty linens, and I can assure you that this has been addressed with the housekeeping team. As you noted, we do receive many positive reviews and this is not the kind of service we usually provide. Please accept my sincere apologies. SincerelyNelson SantosDirector of Rooms
The hotel is located 10 minutes from the airport and is within minutes of many chain food eateries and other convenient stores. The hotel is clean, the rooms are spacious and the soundproofing allows for a good night of sleep. Breakfast is included and is the basic buffet fare found at these type of hotels. The hotel also has a bar and a kitchen that can provide room service and bar food upon request. WiFi is included and we found it satisfactory.One caveat: there are a couple of gas stations in the immediate proximity of the hotel that charge outrageous prices for gas. on the day of our visit they were charging 4.59/gal when the going rate was 2.23. If getting gas go down the road a little bit to avoid these rip offs.
Just stay at Sheraton Suites Orlando Airport for a few days. The hotel is recently remodeled, very modern. The room is big and service is the best. The person works in the restaurant is extremely helpful.
We arrived to find out that the hotel was under refurbishment. We checked into a King Suite on the ground floor (115) and were staying over a weekend (saturday to monday night inclusive). I realise this is a business hotel and the weekends are quiet so it provides the opportunity to refurbish but here is a thought. This is a 2 wing hotel, one wing on each side of the pool. If I were the General Manager I would have arranged the refurb to take place in one wing and then the other thus limiting disturbance to 50 of the hotel and keeping it 100 isolated. Instead the refurb is happening on the third of three floors on both wings and banging noises can be heard throughout the entire hotel. We are frequent travellers and we always require the hotels we stay in to be quiet and 100 comfortable. My wife was ill with a stomach bug and needed to sleep. My daughter is a 20 month old toddler and needs to take sleeps throughout the day. The constant hammering from the workmen prevented this. I contacted the front desk 3 times to complain and the banging continued despite assurances it would be dealt with. I eventually walked to reception with my daughter in my arms and made my grievance known to the staff that I felt I was not being listened to. I was then contacted by staff and told I could move if I wished to another room where no noise was guaranteed. I think they fail to see the point. I don't see why guests should have to repack all their belongings and move to accomodate the disturbance. The disturbance should move or quit to accomodate the guests. It's not rocket science. It's a shame because the hotel is nice and the staff are pleasant. I am not usually easily rattled but banging noises in a hotel - NO WAY!Please allow me to extend my sincerest apologies for the noise disturbance during your stay. I can assure you that many months of careful planning have gone into our renovation and the decision to renovate by floor rather than wing was made based on a number of factors, one being guest safety. Based on the layout of our rooms and elevator location, a different plan would have required our guests to walk through a construction zone to reach their rooms. Not every stage of the renovation is affiliated with noise and the fast majority of our guests are not disturbed at all. I am truly sorry that your wife and daughter were not able to rest peacefully and hope we can make it up to you during your next visit.
We stayed here four nights since it's close to my husband's office. It's not fancy but it's clean...and nice to have two rooms when traveling with kids. A great value for what you pay...it was under 100 a night for a two room suite.
We stayed only one night because we were going on a cruise out of Port Canaveral. Having a small bar right in the lobby was very convenient after a long day of travel. Front desk personnel were friendly and the room was adequate once they finally gave us a room that could fit 4 people. Yes they knew in advance there would be 4 people but they originally tried to put us in a room with one bed. We reserved 2 queen beds. But we ended up with a room with a king bed and a fold out couch. Fold out couches are not comfortable for 2 adults. There was a lot of construction. Possibly it may be nice once it is complete. One very strange amenity is offering coffee in the lobby from 11:00am to 5:00pm. Am I wrong but don't most people want coffee in the morningsWe appreciate that you took the time to provide us with this valuable feedback, mentioning positive experiences as well as things we can improve on. I can assure you that we always do our very best to provide our guests with the requested room type and apologize if there was confusion at the time of check in. We decided to offer complementary coffee in our lobby temporarily to minimize any inconvenience to our guests during construction since we normally feature a Grabn Go, serving Starbucks coffee. During breakfast hours coffee is available in our restaurant. We too believe that our restaurant will be very nice after the completion of the renovation and hope to welcome you back then!
Kinda pricy! But if you want clean and comfortable rooms with a cozy bed, this is the place. Right by the airport and if you get in late TGIF is open late and not too far. If you like to sleep in...well this is the kicker, it gets loud in the hallway. House keeping makes sure they wake everyone up to get you out so they can do their job. It is about 7 miles to Disney stuff. Would stay here again. It is especially gratifying for me as Housekeeping Manager to read that you enjoyed our rooms so much and I can assure you that I have personally spoken with my team regarding the noise level in the hallways. Please accept my apology for not being as considerate as we should have been. Thank you for pointing out that despite our close proximity to the Orlando International Airport, we are also really only minutes away from the main Orlando attractions. We cannot wait until your next visit! Please socialize with us on Facebook and Twitter so you may get advance information on deals with us.
Ok spacious room. Bed ok not great. No amenities for SPG members let alone platinum members. I had to ask for my welcome gift. Restaurant awful. First warm drinks dusty bottles when having ordered a drink it certainly wasn't cold bottles. Then I was waiting for my breakfast ready to take a shuttle to the airport and the girl said no problem to have an omelet ordered and eaten by the time we had to leave for the shuttle. Well they kept coming back and saying it's almost ready and needless to say it wasn't. I wish she would have saved the trouble and told me to eat the buffet because I left without breakfast. Not an spg property. Won't waste my time staying here again. The Marriott across the way is much better. We always greatly appreciate the feedback of a frequent traveler such as yourself. It is correct that due to the size of our property we do not have an SPG Club Lounge, but offer all other SPG amenities in the Starwood program. You certainly should not have to ask for your welcome gift. We currently have several brand new team members at our front desk and although the SPG program is one of the first training items covered, your feedback allows us to identify need areas. I would also like to apologize for the delay in your breakfast order, which could only have been caused by unusual high volume at the time, which is however certainly not an excuse for not delivering the exceptional level of service that we are known for. We deeply regret the inconvenience we have caused you.
The hotel was fine, I enjoyed by stay. It was an older hotel and could use an update but the price was great for what you got. I would recommend skipping the breakfast package and eat at one the places near the hotel. While the staff were friendly, the food was just ok.
The staff was amazing the service they provided was second to none. Rosangela was extrmely helpful in every apect making sure everything was okay and everyone was comfortable.I ate breakfast several times during my 5 night stay and it was great, I also ate dinner which you can also take back to your rom.Wifi service is excellent and rooms/ beds are extremely spacious and comfortable.GREAT BARGAIN!
I wanted to put in a review to give credit to a wonderful employee that came to our rescue during our stay :-).My family and I stayed at the Sheraton Suites Orlando Airport this past weekend. The suite was beautiful! My 4 year old girls enjoyed playing house with the divider doors between the bedroom and sitting/living room. Unfortunately while they were playing they lock themselves in the room and my husband and I were unable to open the doors. While my girls were screaming in terror (thinking they were stuck forever) my husband called the front desk for help. Within 60 seconds Carlos Vecco (a maintenance worker) was knocking at our door. Carlos advised that the doors do not lock and we just had to give them a good tug. (Shame on my husband and I for not giving them a good pull). But we are so thankful for Carlos coming up so quickly! We thanked him for his assistance and said goodbye. In about 5 minutes Carlos returned with a beautiful courtesy package of treats for my girls. What a sweet man! Thank you Carlos! We appreciate everything you did! I hope somebody from Sheraton Suites Orlando Airport reads this and gives you the credit you deserve!!We truly appreciate you taking the time to write such a wonderful review and it was a pleasure to share your kind words with Carlos! Please visit us again soon!
I stayed at the hotel back in March and I was extremely happy with the service and location of the Hotel. Let me say the location of the hotel its perfectl, located less than two miles from the airport. I was greeted by Yomarie at the front desk, she was extremely nice and made me feel like I was home. The rooms are very spacious for being a smaller hotel and service is great in general. Ill definitely come back to this hotel.
I have used this hotel many times and will continue to do so. The staff members are always friendly willing to help in whatever capacity necessary. On this particular visit, they allowed us to check in a bit early so that we could actually enjoy a bigger part of our final vacation day in Orlando. In the past, we have enjoyed their buffet breakfasts which were quite delicious!It is great to hear that we were able to make your last vacation day a little more special and your kind comments have been passed on to our team members. We appreciate your business and your continued loyalty!
Jason and Allison at front desk help with any needs Friendly, personable and welcoming staff Beautiful setting...tropical pool...several rooms have balconies and patios overlooking beautiful interior courtyard Clean, very comfortable room, comfy beds
What a pleasant surprise. Flew in from London very late and very tired. The staff at this hotel couldn't have been nicer. Everyone had a smile and a word of greeting for me. The room is lovely and quite large. All the amenities that make your stay nicer: coffee maker with Starbucks coffee, free water, large compact fridge, microwave and wi fi. Will be my place to go' when I am flying to and from Europe from now on. Only staying one night, but would recommend it for one night or many.
Bells and whistles not included but the rooms are big and nice. super close to MCO you can get there in 7min or less. Suites are nice , pool in indoor and outdoor and gym is good. Lots of construction going on so maybe the bells and whistles are yet to come.The Bells and Whistles are here! We are very proud to announce that we have completed the restaurant renovation that you experienced during your visit and our brand new Sky Grille, Sky Bar and Sky Express are open for business! We are looking forward to showing you our fantastic transformation!
We were put in the hotel by our insurance following and extended stay in OrlandoReception was quick and easy with Hector the receptionist being very helpful as I was trying to call my airline and let me use the house phone.Our first room was next to the laundry which was very noisy we went to ask if we could move and that was done quickly and efficiently by Hector.The rooms have just been refurbished and are very smart with a bed room plus a lounge area two flatscreen TV's and wonderfully comfortable beds, the fridge and microwave are also handy as well.There is a small but functional gym and an outside pool.A really nice hotel for an airport stop over
The rooms were clean, spacious . The staff was very accommodating. We were on the 3rd floor and did not have any noise no problems during the day or evening. It was refreshing that a hotel lived up to expectations.The pool is very cool half out and half indoor. This hotel is a little older but is well keeped and I enjoyed my stayed very much I would recommend it to any one, specially for the amount of money that we paid it's very cheap for all that you get.
I stayed in the hotel because of hurricane Irma. It was very stressful time but Gardenia Is very comforting, professional and helpful .I saw her attending a hotel guest on oxygen who needed extra hand and she was there all the time assisting her plus doing her regular duties. GOOD JOB.
The rooms are terribly dated and run-down. The A/C in my room had a death rattle that kept me up all night. Gets two stars instead of one for friendly staff and convenient airport shuttle. But that wouldn't be enough to lure me back to this sad property.Dear MikeDAnnArbor, Im happy you were able to take advantage of our 24 hour complimentary airport shuttle and I appreciate your comments about our friendly staff. Im sorry to hear that there was a problem with the air conditioning unit in your room. Although we are diligent with our preventative maintenance program, mechanical challenges can sometimes occur unexpectedly. Once our staff is notified, however, we are usually able to correct the issue quickly and efficiently. I do apologize that you found your room to be dated. The hotel will be undergoing a renovation in 2013 and I hope that you will give us another opportunity in the future. If I can answer any specific questions please contact me directly at 407-240-5555.Sincerely,Lori Rupp
I booked through Hotwire was a little surprised to find breakfast not included--would have planned around that if I had known. The Shuttle service made up for that. Bed extremely comfortable, Nice lobby, friendly desk people....but....The noisiest plumbing I have ever experienced, anywhere! I do have acute hearing, but to wake up at 1:30 a.m. with the next room neighbor showering! Clunks, thunks, flushing---it might not bother everyone but it startled me, in an otherwise nice place. Trouble with their computer,trying to print a boarding pass, but the desk person was glad to help told me they were working on that.Thank you for taking the time to submit your review and especially for mentioning your positive experiences as well as improvement areas. It is through feedback that we are able to maintain and improve upon our service and product. I sincerely apologize for the plumbing noise and would greatly appreciate if you could contact us with your room number to give us a chance to investigate, since this is not a common occurrence. We hope that if you find yourself in Orlando next time, you will consider staying with us again.
We stayed here only for one night, but our suite was beautiful! Modern, comfortable king size bed, outlets for charging devices, and view of the pool and well kept yard from our window. Had a drink at the skybar for happy hour which was okay... it's misleadingly on ground level in the lobby and we were the only guests there at the time and left to go somewhere else for dinner (Hooters - there's not too much walking distance to choose from).The buffet breakfast was also okay, maybe just stick with the continental or go somewhere else as it's nothing impressive. It did suffice as we were leaving for a cruise that morning, and the friendly hotel staff helped us set up a shuttle.Thank you for taking the time to share your thoughts regarding your recent stay with us! It was great to read that you were so happy with your suite! We certainly appreciate any feedback you may have for us regarding our breakfast buffet and sincerely hope that you enjoyed your cruise!
Very nice Hotel. We needed 2 rooms for my wife, daughters and I. Mark did a GREAT job helping assist us checking in. The our daughters had fun at the pool and whirlpool will my wife and I relaxed and had a few cocktails at The Bistro. Conrad in The Bistro was awesome as well. We would stay here again.
Clean, quiet and roomy. Friendly staff and great breakfast. Stayed for one night after visiting Honeymoon Island. It was a convenient location for us. We found some great rates for this hotel probably due to off season, regardless it was a great stay.
DO NOT STAY HERE!!!! Someone from this hotel stole my husbands watch off the bathroom counter. He immediately notified them and they did nothing about it. His was was a Christmas gift from his daughter and I. You should be able to trust where you stay. Untrustworthy people work here.
This wasn't our first stay at the Vagabond- we love it! Whenever we're in Miami, it's the perfect landing spot. The service is consistently excellent. The staff makes a conscious effort to find ways for guests to be comfortable, leaving stress behind. The Restaurant there is so good.. farm to table, with great options. Shout out to Jennifer- the most personable waitress! The rooms are decorated and designed to step into a fully updated motel of the past- but better. There were NO motels like this in the 50's! The showers, the lighting.. even the smallest details lend themselves to the laid back environment. They have pool parties near the outdoor, colorfully lit bar each night- frankly they close down at just the right hour and we've never been disturbed. If you're looking for an alternative to 'South Beach crazy', this reasonably priced oasis is a find.Thank you for your return visit and so glad you not only enjoyed the pool bar but also the restaurant. We look forward to your return visit, soon we hope!
I say it's the real deal because the place lives up to the positive reviews I read before staying here about two weeks ago. I travel to Miami about 6 to 8 times a year to visit family and I feel like I'm becoming an expert on where to stay for what. Technically, you could stay at this hotel and never leave the immediate area, and be okay. The place is clean, new, well kept, relaxing, with a friendly staff. The bathroom is pretty excellent and the room I was in felt enormous. (bathrobes included btw) The pool looked great, but it rained when I was there. I also saw a lot of space to lounge around outside if the weather permitted. Because of the design, architecture and foliage, when you're in the motel, you feel like you're in a private spot. You can't really see out which is nice. This helps create an atmosphere. If you venture outside the grounds, there's plenty of small restaurants within walking distance: the place is on a block with at least 5 restaurants to the south. To the north, things are waiting to be updated including 2 other motels. I think when they are done, this area will really come alive.I parked for free, which is hard to find in Miami. The neighborhood was safe, so I ordered from a few restaurants online and walked to pick up food. They were working on an onsite diner which I think would complete the whole experience when done. Location-wise, it's subjective. It's kind of off the beaten path in terms of South Beach or Downtown, but I liked being on Biscayne Blvd. And with a car, I could drive right up to the Aventura mall and the Gulfstream Casino, but I also wasn't too far to get to family in Miami Beach. Where it is on Biscayne makes it relatively easy to get around and you skip a lot of the freeway traffic. I'll definitely keep my eye on this place. I'd love to stay again when the diner is done and the weather permits for some poolside bar time. I'm also curious how this area will develop in the next few years.Thank you so much for such a lovely review and we do hope you return soon. The restaurant should re-open in early October as upscale Sushi so hopefully you can plan your next trip in the fall. The area has certainly changed since we totally renovated the hotel back in 2014, with only a few more buildings still in need of renovations. Stay tuned as the neighborhood continues to change!
The Vagabond is now allowing children of all ages!!! if you plan on bringing your kids, ask for one of the four corner rooms which have two double beds, (since everything else is king size beds)... otherwise you children have to sleep on one king bed..bring snacks, food and water for kids (no kids menu)... the rooms are spacious enough, just not too many drawers space (only three). full closet, blow dryer, ironing board, etc. for under 200 bucks a night, you can't beat this place!! the food is fantastic. I recommend renting a car and doing little day trips, but no matter what, there's nothing like the Vagabond pool vibe. I could live here!!SO gald you enjoyed your stay with us and we hope to see you back at the Vagabond soon. We changed our policy of no children under 13 earlier this year and we have more families now staying with us and enjoying the pool and the floaties !
This place is awesome! Our only problem was that we weren't here long enough but I guess that gives us an opportunity to come back. Facilities, location and atmosphere are all great plus the staff are as helpful as they come. We'll definitely visit again when we can... especially once the restaurant is back up and running. Thanks guys!Hello Joe,The restaurant is under renovation and should re-open by no later than October as upscale Sushi. Hopefully you will be back soon and we will be sure to make your stay memorable!
The hotel is modern, in a retro way - clean with excellent fittings and friendly staff. Pictures on the web-site depict what you get very well and it is well-positioned for North Miami, if that is where you really want to be.Why didn't I rate it as excellent Basically, the neighborhood still has a ways to improve, so it is not a destination area in itself. The excellent restaurant on site is closed on Mondays (one of the two nights we were there) and the breakfast is basic. Nevertheless, we felt welcomed and enjoyed the large, comfy room.We are so happy to know that you enjoyed your stay/room and felt welcomed by the staff! We certainly look forward to your return visit to Miami.We are centrally located as the airport, downtown Miami, the beach and most major attractions in Miami are only 15 minutes away from the hotel. It is true that our complimentary breakfast is basic as it consists of coffee/tea/OJ, croissants, yogurt, english muffins, cream cheese and jam.
Regular guest at The Vagabond. Guests and Employees are treated - and feel like family. Friendly, clean, comfortable, reliable. Restaurant is wonderful, but not open for lunch. However, there are plenty of good restaurants within walking distance.Thank you for being a regular guest, we so appreciate the business and look forward to your return visit!
We stayed here for 4 nights during our travels around America and it was great!We were greeted warmly and they gave us a quiet room away from the pool where they played music in the evenings.The room itself was big and the bed was super comfy! They had a great bathroom set up for doing hair and make up and the shower was really good too.The staff were really helpful when we wanted an Everglades tour and the breakfast was a good add on with bagels, cereal and yoghurts to choose from.I would strongly recommend and stay again.Hello Amy, thank you so much for sharing your Vagabond experience and we hope you return to the hotel soon.
The Vagabond Hotel is a charming, comfortable option for a Miami stay. The pool tucked in the center of the hotel makes it seem like a hidden oasis. The spacious rooms have everything you need and the staff is very friendly. The pool bar is a total bonus. Sebastian and the rest of the bar staff are very nice and attentive. The place has a cool, hip vibe but with out the South Beach attitude. I would definitely come back here for another weekend getaway and recommend it to people looking for a fun, easy place to stay in Miami.So glad you selected the Vagabond for your staycation! The locals have discovered how relaxing it is to hang out by the pool during the day and enjoy the pool bar and the entertainment on Friday and Saturday nights. We look forward to welcoming you back!!!
We had a wonderful week at the Vagabond. Fantastic pool area, friendly staff and very comfortable rooms. Our best recommendations, we are going back! Great location, several good restaurants nearby and not too far from the beach.We are so happy that the entire family enjoyed their holiday in Miami and at the Vagabond. We can't wait for your return visit!
This was the hotel our son and daughter-in-law chose for out-of-town wedding guests for the days surrounding their wedding. The rooms were stylish, newly-renovated, super clean (large rain shower bathroom), and the beds were very comfortable. The staff and admin were all so welcoming and accommodating throughout our stay and even let us enjoy the pool area after checkout! There was a Happy Hour party the night before the wedding and lots of guests were hanging out around the pool for several days (and nights!) surrounding the wedding. The vibe at the hotel was very chill. The food at the hotel restaurant was very good, according to those who ate there. The day after the wedding, we were up early and had coffee from the free continental breakfast area, but walked to a nearby diner rather than wait for the restaurant to open. There was even a free yoga class going on by the pool that morning. I would highly recommend this hotel for its ambiance, value, and comfort.Seems that everyone from the wedding group enjoyed their stay last weekend and thank you for leaving us a lovely review!
Que experiencia! El lugar esta impecable, la habitacin es linda, todo limpio, nuevo y bien cuidado. Decoracin genial, excelente servicio, la alberca!!!! Wow! El desayuno simple continental es muy rico y variaso o sea, todo es increble. Hay donde estacionar y el hotel esta sper bien ubicado y cerca de todo! La zona es segura y hay varios restaurantes para desfrutar caminando, gasolinera, farmacia, o sea: genial. Y esta James: el recepcionista cantante espaol x africano x gitano x cantante es la neta del planeta! Divertido, atento...James: ven a visitarnos en Mexico! Abrazos, Lety y Isaias!Muchas gracias por una resea tan encantadora y estamos encantados de que haya disfrutado realmente de su estancia en The Vagabond! James es maravilloso con los huspedes del hotel y me asegurar de compartir sus encantadores comentarios con l y con todo el personal del hotel.Espero que vuelvas pronto!
The hotel was great and the staff were very accommodating. The pool and room were very well maintained. They had put us though in a room right near the pool and was a bit loud at times, especially on Sundays at the pool party. Would recommend requesting a more secluded room if you are looking for a more chill time. Overall, I would recommend this place. The pool has a nice bar and the restaurant at the hotel is delicious.Thank you for your review and I am sorry that your room was a bit loud. Some of our guest like to be in the middle of it all. Please be sure to request a more private/quiet room on your next visit.
We were in Miami to visit family and had stumbled across this motel via the web and felt between the unique look and great location, it was worth a gamble. We were not disappointed. In fact, if it was not for one item, we would have rated the motel excellent.I told my wife that this motel was like an oasis amidst the neighborhood commercial buildings. The amount of landscaping around the pool area and rooms provided a sense of privacy and relaxation. It has an old fashioned look from the outside, which is repeated within the rooms themselves. The rooms were plenty large, the bed was very comfortable, the air-conditioning kept us comfortable, even though we faced the hotter western sun. And the sound-proofing was such that we could barely notice the music being played at night at the pool bar. The shower is quite large, but is also the source of my complaint. During showers, water would go from comfortable to very hot to very cold, even though we had not touched the settings. If you waited a few seconds, the temperature would go back to normal, but it was a true annoyance. I agree the continental breakfast was slim, but was very pleased to see that it was constantly restocked very often. And the best part was the coffee. My wife is so tired of watered down hotel coffee. She really enjoyed the morning brew and that is saying something.Every staff member we came in contact with was friendly and helpful. As noted, the restaurant is currently closed for renovation, which was a disappointment as our family had told us how enjoyable it is. Also, please note that parking is in a horseshoe shape on the outside edge of the building. We had no concerns about the neighborhood, but would certainly advise against having anything of value visible in the car. Would we stay here again Absolutely yes, but we would hope that the shower issue has been resolved in the future.Thank you so very much for your feedback and so glad you truly enjoyed your stay. Hopefully you will be returning sooner rather than later. We do service our heaters on an annual basis even though they are relatively new and in fact they were serviced less than a month ago which is why I am quite irritated that you experienced temperature fluctuations in your room. Another service call has been made and the issue will be dealt with promptly.By the way, we always advise guests not to leave valuable items in their cars anywhere in Miami.
Beautiful new boutique hotel with spacious, clean and fun rooms, decorated in Art Deco style and lots of room! All the rooms are located around a nice swimming pool with outside bar that have a dj or band at night. We were there during Halloween and the vibe was really good, locals came out to the bar to have a cocktail at the pool and enjoy the music. They also have a very good restaurant with small fusion-like bites, very cool! De staff was very friendly and lovely cute breakfast buffet where you an sit in peace watching the morning news. When in Mimi will definitely return to the Vagebond!Thank you for staying with us and we look forward to your return visit. Glad you enjoyed the entertainment by the pool. We do have DJs Friday and Saturday nights from 8 to midnight.
We booked a three night stay to end our USA holiday. As we only booked on the Thursday for a Saturday check in, we were surprised to be informed by email on the morning we were due to arrive that there was a private pool party taking place on the Sunday. It was an extremely noisy event.Breakfast was not very inspiring.Thank you for the feedback. We actually send out emails regarding the monthly party as soon as a reservation come through. I apologize if you were not notified in advance of your arrival. These monthly parties actually end in October and do not resume until April.As for the complimentary breakfast, it includes Coffee/Tea/OJ, croissants, bagels, with cream cheese and jam, yogurt and fruit. It is purely a continental breakfast.
I spent three nights in their ADA compliant room after having major knee surgery. The staff was highly professional and the room was immaculate and gorgeous. When you're in pain the last thing you need are hassles and my Vagabond experience was entirely hassle-free. The Vagabond was a blessing during a time of need.We hope you are on your way to a speedy recovery! We look forward to your return visit.
Pro'sVery cleanGreat service Funky roomsLittle oasis off the HwyGood for short term stayBeautiful gardensDoggis restaurant 2 minutes awayFree parkingFree wifiNo resort feeCon'sPool not heatedNo specials for guests at pool barBottom floor rooms could hear up stairsNot much within walking distance apart from DoggisThank you for staying with us. The hotel is actually a historic property and part of the National Historic Registry. It was fully renovated in 2014 and as such our rooms are in very good condition. I am sorry you did not have a chance to try all the restaurants that are located in the neighborhood. You have the choice of a few Italian restaurants, Greek, Pizzeria, Mr. Cheezious and etc.
My Adult son and I stayed at the vagabond for 2 nights. I am a huge fan of MCM decor and architecture. This place transported me back to my childhood and family vacas at Florida motels. It is very updated with all of the modern conveniences. Great rooms comfortable and well appointed. There was a pool party on Saturday form 1-7:30pm where music was played quit loud all day. However we were gone most of the day and this didn't bother us too much. Also, we were informed via email prior to our arrival about it. All in all a wonderful place. Continental breakfast is free to guest. The hotel restaurant is great! A little pricey but there are many places near by to eat.The hotel is located in the historic Mid Century Modern district and it was fully renovated less than 4 years ago - we stayed true to the architecture and design of the 1950s era.We do have pool parties only during the summer season (3 a month) for our hotel guests and local residents to enjoy. We try to manage the noise level as best as we can and adhere to noise ordinances. We hope you return for a visit soon!
1950's bone redone quite recently in an area that is being rejuvenated. Not much available within walking distance yet. Comfy motel-type room, dingy key, on-site restaurant. Great breakfast if heavy on carb side.Close enough to tourist attraction to serve as a base for your visit.Weekend starts on Thu with music by the really nice pool. Don't know how loud it is since I left before weekend. A factor to consider.Thank you for staying with us. Yes we totally renovated the entire hotel in 2014 - mid century modern architecture and design. We are centrally located as w are only 15 minutes away from the airport, 10 minutes away from Wynwood and the Design District, and 20 minutes away from South Beach. We have live entertainment on the pool deck Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights but our policy is to turn down the music at 11 pm and turn it off at midnight. We hope to see you back at the Vagabond very soon !
Apparently the parking lot is locked at 7 PM. You would not know this unless it was locked and you were looking at the sign on the locked gate. I had an early AM (5:30) checkout after a one night stay for an early flight. The desk clerk did not tell me the gate was locked. As I was loading the luggage in the car, the security guard walked by and did not tell me the gate was locked. When I got to the gate, I found it locked and had to run around the hotel as I had no key to get in the back and then had to wait for the security guard to drive over to unlock the gate.
Got to the hotel in a rainy day and my GPS took me to the backdoor and I call to the operator in order to open up, they said simply not possible because our security employees can get wet!!! I drove extra 10 mins to get in the main entrance and two days later somebody broke in to my rented car, surely the security guy cant get wet and the bad guys of course does!
Stayed here for 2 nights for business in the Miami area. As with any Hilton property I have come to expect a great facility, clean and pleasant people/staff. This hotel was no different. Location was perfect for my trip, my room was very clean and the staff was absolutely wonderful in accommodating me. I will definitely stay here again when I come to the area!!!
The housekeepers couldn't speak English and the bathrooms were dirty. The TV didn't work and the floors weren't even vacuumed all the way. I paid over 100 a night for a dirty room. I can guarantee I won't be staying here again when I visit in the future. Thank you for taking the time to share your experience about your recent stay at our hotel. As a Hilton Honors member, you are among our most valued guests. We sincerely appreciate your feedback and we are very sorry we did not exceed your expectations. Your comments will help us as we continually work to improve our guest experience. Please contact me direct at the email or phone number below if there is anything else we can do for you at this time. We hope you will consider staying with us again in the future. At Hilton Garden Inn, we promise to do whatever it takes to ensure you are satisfied. You Can Count On Us. Guaranteed.Sincerely,Gladys MarroquinFront Office Manager Hilton Garden Inngladys.marroquinhilton.com 305-629-7701 Ext 6002
Pros: Close to the Airport..and thats it.Cons: One the few Hilton Garden Inns were the room smell some kind funny, the room was very poorly decorated, the elavators one of them was under repair and the pool as well.Thank you for taking a moment to share your experience. We are happy to hear that your stay was a great one and that you were treated as deserved. Our entire hotel staff enjoyed catering to your needs. We look forward to welcoming you back to our hotel in the future. At Hilton Garden Inn, we promise to do whatever it takes to ensure you are satisfied. You Can Count On Us. Guaranteed
I got a suite for the night and parked for 9 days and got a shuttle to the port for the price I would have paid to park at the port. Awesome room, great staff and very nice breakfast in the morning, I loved my stay!
Staff was very helpful and helped me with directions around the area. The food from the restaurant was very good. Great for business but also a lot of amenities for Families too. Close to the MIA and interstates for easy access!Thank you for taking a moment to share your experience. We are happy to hear that your stay was a great one and that you were treated as deserved. Our entire hotel staff enjoyed catering to your needs. We look forward to welcoming you back to our hotel in the future. At Hilton Garden Inn, we promise to do whatever it takes to ensure you are satisfied. You Can Count On Us. Guaranteed
The Hilton Garden Inn is always consistently good. We stopped here for a night on our way to the Federation of Nevis and St. Kitts. We had an early flight in the morning and this was the perfect place to stay. It's close to the airport and there were lots of very good restaurants close by. We look forward to returning to Miami and the Hilton Garden Inn again.
Very pleasing staff, clean, relaxing. No lunch service, which makes the run across the busy main avenue a high risk for a sandwich! Certainly plan to return. Try it, you will be pleased. Shuttle service both ways to the airport worked well. Bring a bathing suit, the pool looks nice!
I stayed here for four nights this month after flying down to see the MLB All-Star game. I booked my room online and checked in via the Hilton app the night before my arrival. This enabled me to choose my room (I chose one on the 7th floor- the top floor). Accessing the hotel is easy to do, as it is right off of a highway. The location isn't in the greatest area, as there was always heavy traffic when turning back onto the main road leaving the hotel. Dining options on the main road near the hotel aren't great either. Check-in when I arrived was quick and easy and took less than a minute. Everything in the room appeared clean. The beds were extremely comfortable. Every employee at the hotel seemed to enjoy their job and was friendly. The hotel includes an outdoor pool, an exercise room, a guest laundry area, and a business center with two computers and printers. It also has a small area to the left of the front desk that sells a variety of items, including snacks, frozen meals, ice cream, and beverages (including beer). If there was one area the hotel could improve in, it would be having thicker walls. At night, I didn't hear much noise. However, every morning around eight o'clock, voices in rooms around me woke me up and made it hard to sleep. I'm not sure if it was the guests in those rooms or the housekeeping staff, but it seemed to occur every morning I was there. As for noise from airplanes (considering the hotel is close to the airport), the room was quiet late at night, but not so much once the sun came up. All things considered, I would definitely stay here again if I were to return to Miami. The rates were very reasonable, especially considering what other hotels in the city were charging. Also, the parking is free.
My wife and I stayed here for one night prior to our cruise the following day. I searched the internet for perhaps 2 hours before I found this gem and made a reservation months in advance. We were picked up at the airport by the complimentary shuttle. The wait time was about 40 minutes. The front desk clerk was very pleasant and very accomodating. The check in went smoothly and I was even able to make port transfers at the same time (12 pp).Our room had 2 double beds with adjustable mattresses. The room was very clean and included several pillows for each bed. This hotel has its own restaurant but no complimentary breakfast. However, there is a Dennys and a McDonalds across the street as well as a gas station with a small store where you can get snacks and pop for the cruise ship. There is also a data center with free wifi, an exercise room and a pool w/ hot tub. This hotel also has a plan for storing your car for free while you are on a cruise if you stay only one night. I would recommend this hotel to my friends and anyone looking for a stay prior to a cruise.
This Hilton Garden Inn is well managed, clean, and close to the airport. In fact it is so close airport it is directly under one of the runway approaches - which is very cool if you like plane-spotting. That being said the noise from landing aircraft was minimal inside the hotel. Good bar and friendly bartender. Breakfast was good and nice attentive servers. The bed was VERY comfortable and room was nicely appointed.Thank you for choosing the HIlton Garden Inn Miami Airport West for your stay in Miami.We appreciate you taking the time to share your review on this site and we lookforward to welcome you back.Kind regards,Amanda GrahamFront Office Manager
The front desk had our keys ready the second we arrived. The bed was quite comfortable but could have used a couple extra pillows. The shower was a stand alone shower, which was very large. The only negative is that the van left 5 minutes earlier than stated, thus get down there at least 10 minutes prior. The internet downstair was not working the night I stayed but they assured me that it would be up in the morning, I just had to leave at 5 am, so not sure if it came up or not. For what you pay this place is a great value.
We recently stayed at the Hilton before leaving on our 11 night cruise. I had researched safe places to leave our car during our cruise and came across so many mixed reviews. When I looked into staying at the Hilton Airport West, they offered a package for those cruising out of Miami that included your accommodations, full breakfast, shuttle service to the port and up to 15 nights parking. Their long term parking lot is directly in front of the hotel and is well lit. Parking usually costs 10-15 a day in most public lots and not all of them have 24hr. security. The hotel is very nice, great breakfast and they offer 3 departure times to the port. They can't offer shuttle service from the port but we were greeted as soon as we exited the port with a 10 per person shuttle service back to our hotel or airport.
The staff is very friendly, the room was very clean. The breakfast was good, but alittle high on the price. The receptionist let us check out at 2 pm since we are HHonors members, so that is a benefit we took advantage of. In general, the hotel great, it has a great location.
This hotel is next to the Miami airport. If you like to watch the planes come in for landing this is the hotel for that. In our nice clean room with all the usual amenities I went to open the drapes and saw this very large plane coming in for its landing. I thought it was landing on the roof of our hotel. The room stayed quiet. The breakfast was very good. Lots to choose from. Outdoor pool was nice and clean.
The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. The internet in the room was reliable and easily accessible. The staff were courteous and very helpful. The buffet breakfast was hot and tasty. The shuttle service was reliable and the staff were courteous and helpful.Thank you for taking a moment to share your experience. We are happy to hear that your stay was a great one and that you were treated as deserved. Our entire hotel staff enjoyed catering to your needs. We look forward to welcoming you back to our hotel in the future. At Hilton Garden Inn, we promise to do whatever it takes to ensure you are satisfied. You Can Count On Us. Guaranteed
First the positive - check in was a breeze, the room was in great condition, it was quiet, the air conditioning was great, the breakfast was good, there's food nearby although many places don't stay open very late, they even provide mouthwash with the free toiletries which was a nice touch, they welcome their HHonors members very well, had nice 12 shuttle to the port, and the free airport shuttle was prompt when called.Now the problem - they tried to kick us out of our a room a day early. They didn't even tell us, they just gave someone else a keycard that gave them access to our room. Thankfully we were there when they tried to gain entry so we were able to stop them. The other guest went back to the lobby and the front desk called us and told us we weren't supposed to be there and to get out. I explained that I had booked for 2 days. They accused me of lying so I offered to present proof of my reservation, they put me on hold and when they eventually came back they accused me of checking out a day early. I told them that was clearly untrue since I was still in the room. They muttered an apology and hung up on me. If it hadn't been for this one interaction I would have rated them excellent but given that they put our safety and property at risk and made accusations that were untrue I simply can't rate them better than average. It was one thing but the severity was too serious. They didn't do anything to make up for it. I mentioned it in the survey they sent me but there was no follow-up.
convenient location very near the airport. The staff is very welcoming and they give you a good start and keep up the good work until one leaves. food not great and more variety needed but I guess for an airport hotel is ok.
Clean hotel, close to airport, good price. Housekeeping stuff a bit anxious to clean the room for the next guest....Kept knocking on my door. Pool was nice and relaxing with jacquzzi. All and all great average hotel. Breakfast is not elaborate and pricey for what you get.Hi Demetrius,Please accept our sincerest apologies for the housekeeping disruptions and for any inconvenience this caused you. You comments have been addressed and staff has been reminded to be more mindful of our guests' comfort. Thanks for your review and we hope to see you again soon.Warm regards,
Stayed here after a long flight was supposed to be for two days. But lasted one night. Was in room 210 but complained after first night due to noise from being next to the elevators and the air conditioning unit at the window and on the roof outside. Staff were indiferent to the problem said they couodnt help as the hotel was full. (All flights from NYC and Washington Area were cancelled due to storms so in bound passengers didnt arrive) the room card offered complete satisfaction or money back but this was not honoured as apoarently we had paid in advance. I assume the money that came out of my bank was coverted to play money by the time they got it so the guarantee was invalid!!!! I asked for a taxi and got their mini bus who charged 50 to go downtown. I was conned into this hotel by the Hilton brand name huge mistake on my part.Hi,We are sorry we were not able to provide you with the quality of services you deserve. This is not typical of our hotel and staff, and we are always looking for ways to improve our customer experience, we will address this issues you encounter with the proper departments to avoid from happening again. Your satisfaction is very important to us and we try hard to make sure all of our guests have a rewarding stay. Thank you again for your feedback and we hope you will consider staying with us again.Best regards,Maria C.
My sister died and all the front desk staff was comforting. Their smiles helped us through this difficult time. The rooms were ready when we arrived and they out us all on the same floor. This helped when organizing transportation
The night audit need to learn how to assist with guesses needs and act like he cares.the housekeeper's on the 6th floor need learn how to eye contact and speak to the guesses the inspector need to be put back in training Dear msdenise25watson:I am sorry to see that you did not have a good experience at our hotel, please accept my apologies.This is not the image we wanted you to have and I would appreciate if you could send me a direct message with more details on the issues that you encountered.This will greatly help us to improve and provide better service to our guests.Kind regards,Mauricio Martins - Area General Managermauricio.martinshilton.com
Overall a very nice visit. A couple of points.1 No refrigerators in the room.2 No microwave in the room I can not understand why these are not standards in room. I should have check this before I make a reservation. Unfortunately this will prevent us from coming back.3 Shower instead of tub, my wife likes tubs.4 Hallways were ice cold. You could hang meat in some of the hallways.Staff was nice and helpful. Rooms were clean roomy.
Booked the Hilton Garden Inn Miami Airport West at 3550 NW 74th Ave. because it had 14 days of free parking. We booked through the Stay123 website for a one night stay on April 22, 2018. Deposit of 22.60 and a payment of 186.45 at check-in. Not only did we get the free parking, we also got a complimentary one way shuttle to the cruise ship. The cruise port is approximately 8 miles away. The taxi back from the cruise was about 50.00. It was much quicker than waiting for a hotel shuttle which would have been about the same amount.Quickly checked in by Hillary to room 414 in the back - away from traffic. It faced an industrial park. We were close to the Miami airport, but great insulation - as we did not hear any plane noises.No meals were included - a restaurant was available on the premises for food. I have posted photos of menu.Thank you for taking a moment to share your experience. I am happy to hear you found the hotel and staff to your liking. We look forward to welcoming you back to our hotel in the future. Our goal is to make your stay better and brighter. If something isn't just the way you like it, simply let any Team Member know, and we will make it right. Guaranteed.Sincerely,Amanda GrahamFront Office ManagerHilton Garden Inn Miami Airport Westamanda.grahamhilton.com 3056297701
I stayed on points around NYE when most hotels were sold out in Miami as I was traveling there for a bowl game. I was happy to find that it was clean the staff was warm and inviting. The service at breakfast was good. Breakfast is 12.95 or complementary for Gold and Diamond Members. Located right of the expressway it makes it easy to get around and really a quick trip to Sun Life Stadium.
I stayed at Hilton Garden Inn, Miami for a business trip. It's a nicely built hotel with good service and close proximity to the airport and business centers. Shopping is also not far away with Dolphin mall near to the hotel..... great place to shop.....you may want to take help from the front desk for nearby attractions (not many for a city like Miami though)Nicely kept jacuzzi pool are added advantage.... try the warm chocolate cookies at the reception, they are nice after a swimming session....Shuttle service to/from airport is useful, and if you're lucky, you may get dropped /picked from some shopping malls near by as well :)Good hotel if you have to stay near airport for some reason....
Hilton Garden Inn - Miami Airport - excellent location - quiet, despite location - nice swimming pool and jacuzzi area -plenty of free parking - close to numerous eating places - within easy driving distance of the beach - reasonably priced for the standard of accomodation - friendly polite and helpful staff - would go back.
As I've come to know, the Hilton Garden Inn brand is very good for an overnight stay or a several-night stay. the reception is very welcoming, offering waters and other drinks. The in-house cafe is a great help when there isn't time to get to another restaurant. Room-wise, I've found the suites to be very comfortable and quiet. I would definitely book at a Hilton Garden Inn again.
Arrived late and had to spend a night in Miami before flying home the next day. Used the free airport shuttle, though a little hard to find outside the airport. The hotel was average but ok to stay for a night when flying from Miami Airport. The same for the door, I woke up early since the were a lot of noice outside my room. A plus is the free airport shuttle and shuttle to the Dolphin Mall. Ask for a room not facing the airport.
My friend and I stayed in this hotel in Destin for 6 nights. The staff was very helpful and always friendly. The location of this hotel is absolutely perfect! Right across the highway (which you can cross by foot using the lights) is the Henderson...MoreI want to thank your review on tripadvisor.com. It is a pleasure to hear that you enjoyed the cleanliness of your room, our team, as well as the location of our hotel. I am sorry we feel short on the coffee and breakfast selections. We...More
The room was nice, and housekeeping was good. The breakfast when compared to other hotels we have stayed in was nice. But i wouldn't count on eating there for 7 days straight. Its not a restaurant and the same things get old after about 3...MoreThank you for taking the time to review our hotel on Tripadvisor.com. As we pride ourselves on delivering a memorable hotel experience during your travels, we have unfortunately fallen short of our goal during your recent stay. Please accept our sincere apology for the noise...More
A beautiful place to stay with the ultimate service and friendliness of staff. Wonderful breakfast to start your day, cozy rooms, nice workout area and pool. The fresh baked cookies and free coffee, hot cocoa and tea service adds the home feeling. Staff was very...MoreThank you for your beautiful review through TripAdvisor! It was an absolute pleasure to hear that you enjoyed the hot deluxe continental breakfast, location and hospitality of the Fairfield Inn and Suites Destin. It will be my honor to pass on your kind words to...More
Had a great stay here! Very clean, great staff, comfortable beds and no outside noise! Will stay again! The breakfast was your typical continental but was pretty good. The staff stay on top of keeping items filled etc. There is convenient free parking. House keeping...MoreThank you for your beautiful review on tripadvisor! It is an absolute pleasure to hear that you enjoyed your stay, and that you will be coming back to see us again. Our team takes a lot of pride in making sure each one of guests...More
My wife and I recently took a much-needed vacation to Destin, FL, to relax and unwind. We had been hoping to stay at the hotel that we came to during our honeymoon back in 2004 unfortunately, it has been damaged during Hurricane Ivan and torn...MoreThank you for posting such a wonderful review on TripAdvisor. We are glad we had the opportunity to play our part in making your vacation a great experience. Thank you for the kind comments and please know the comments will be shared with our staff....More
We picked this place for the value and it didn't disappoint - our room was clean and spacious, the staff was quick and accommodating, and the complimentary breakfast was a really nice add! The bonus of this spot is that it's right across from the...MoreIt is an absolute pleasure to hear that you enjoyed your stay through TripAdvisor! Our goal is not only to meet your expectations, but to exceed them. It will be my honor to pass on your kind words to our team. We hope to see...More
We enjoyed our stay here. It was the off season in December but it ended being 75 and sunny for our beach day. The hotel is located right across the street from a very nice beach park (within walking distance). Overall the hotel is clean...More
Stayed for a week - loved it! The beach is just across the road - if you want a different beach I suggest Grayton Beach - beautiful! The hotel has friendly staff, is beautifully remodeled and the rooms are clean and spacious! Breakfast buffet is...MoreThanks for taking the time to review your recent stay with us at the Fairfield Inn Suites. We are pleased to hear that you enjoyed so much while staying with us and we always love seeing familiar faces and can't wait to have you...More
Stayed here because even though we were going somewhere in Pensacola, we prefer staying in Destin. Our original plan was to stay one night but when we arrived, we decided to stay for 2. The desk clerk was very personable helpful. We had a...MoreWe appreciate you writing a detail review about your recent stay with us. We are pleased to hear that you enjoyed much of your stay with us to stay an additional night. Although there aren't any hotels on the beach in Destin we are one...More
This hotel has prime location, exactly where I needed to be, the Hampton Inn was sold out. But it didnt matter, this hotel was a little cheaper than i expected but rooms were really nice, the breakfast was ok..nothing too special, but they had fruit...MoreThank you for posting a review on TripAdvisor. We appreciate your kind comments. We strive to provide a wide variety of foods on on our breakfast bar which appeal to everyone. However, we do apologize that our breakfast didn't meet your expectation. We hope to...More
Clean, curtious staff, comfortable rooms. Location good for my needs - close everywhere. Quiet rooms. I would stay again. There is nothing more to say worthy 200 words as required by the Trip advisor. ------------.------------.------------,Thank you for taking time to write a review on TripAdvisor. We are so glad you had a positive experience and would love to welcome you back to the beach again very soon.
very nice rooms, staff / owners are very nice and accommodating. slice of old Fl with a great pool and only steps from the beach. been here several times from Indiana - once we found this place we haven't stayed anywhere else.
just steps off the beach great prices great accomidations great atmosphere outlet stores very close by great places to eat on the island lots of shopping very easy to book discounts with cash payments
I was married on Anna Maria so it has a special place in my heart. I like to go over for quick weekend stays but this can be hard with more condos on the island than hotels. I stayed here over a year ago and the location is great. The rooms needed some improvements and there were some bug issues.... More
I love the homey feel of the Habitat. This was my second stay at the property but my first time in Tower 1. Loved the furnishings decor. The staff, from the Valet to the Front desk, was friendly and professional. Will definitely stay here again. Dear Mopheadgear, Thank you for choosing us, it was a pleasure to have you as our guest, we are very happy you enjoyed your stay as much as we enjoyed having you as a guest.
Clean and spacious, near metro and loop station brickell, to visit Miami walking. A lot of restaurants around brickel. Next street there are publix and pharmacy. Safe and quite neighborhood. Recommendable.Dear Ismael M, Thank you for choosing us, It was pleasure to have you as our guest.
In Florida with extended family for my son's wedding. We were looking for a place that was more than just a hotel room. This fit the bill. The bedrooms were spacious, with comfortable beds. 2 bathrooms were key for getting ready for the event. The small kitchen allowed us to keep food and beverage basics. We were able to congregate in various rooms with family. Area was quiet. Hotel staff were accommodating when needed.Dear valeriesI8571UV, Thank you so much for your kind words, we were so happy to be able to host you and all of the guest for the party!
If you have a chance to travel in Miami, wouldn't miss this hotel. I am satisfied in all new room with my friends. Sleeping as peaceful ,Facilities as home,Living as silk, and thanks to counter staff help me any I need.Thank you so much for you review, we really appreciated, Visit us on your next trip to Miami. Regards, Habitat Residence
Really enjoyed my stay with my family. Service was great never had any issues called and got everything in a timely manner and with great attitudes. Valet was excellent the pool was nice. Always someone at the front desk. Checkin and check out was smooth and awesome. Will be back for sure. Dear elisap732, Thank you so much for choosing Habitat Residence, it was a pleasure to host you and have you as our guest, we would like to host you in your next trip to Miami.
Good location but inside the apartment furniture not of a good quality.Beds are not acceptable: the living room sofa bed sags and is like a cradle, the master bed wooden frame squeaks upon the slightest movement. Not comfortable.Staff was friendly. Good service.No complimentary coffee provided though there were 2 coffee makers - this is disappointing. Dear Gabecruz123, Thank you so much for choosing us, we are already taking notes on your recommendations, we are sorry for any inconveniences you might had experienced and we would like have the opportunity to host you again.
The situation is very good in Brickell district. The streets around are quiet and there are supermarkets very close. Clean and comfortable, kitchen is enough equipped and the living room is pretty big.Dear miquelfortuny, thank you so much for choosing us, we are glad you enjoyed your stay.
Great Facility - loved it - hope to repeat. It would be even better if staff are able to help more with general questions- but I suppose you have the internet. So you can look up. Good clean facility - if you are traveling with family and limit eating outDear suvhasis, thank you so much for choosing us, we are glad you enjoyed your stay. We are in the process of hiring a concierge manager in order to have a person dedicated to help with general questions for the client.
I had two of my employees stay at the hotel form mid Sept to mid November. After coming from another hotel where there were no issues, thy began to have allergic reactions. After several thousand dollars in doctor bills we found that the room was infested with bed bugs. They moved my two employees to another room, which they had to do since they would not refund the payment, but then made them wash all their own cloths several times and made it known that the problem was not theirs but that my employees had brought them in with them. There was no compensation for the trouble or expense and the humiliation was uncalled for. So be prepared that if you stay here, that whatever goes wrong is your fault and nothing of the hotels responsibility and that you should be glad they even let you stay in their marginal hotel. I will make sure none of my employees ever stay there again. Also, tremendous noise and dust from the many construction sites around with no reduction in monthly rate due to the noise.Dear Bud PThank you for choosing us, as Weve told you before, as soon as we were notified about the situation, management were on top of the issue, and we are grateful that our pest control company was notified, checked all your luggage finding that the bed bugs were in your luggage and we were able to content and fix the situation changing you of rooms immediately. We are glad that you decided to extend your stay with us and we are able to have you as our guest for another extra month. We hope you enjoyed our complementary fruits and twice a week cleaning.
We stayed at the habitat Residence for a week long business trip. The Hotel was terrific and the neighborhood it is located in has lot to offer nearby. There is a Publix Grocery Store just one block away. And, just a couple of blocks further are several good restaurantsDear Allen S, Than you for choosing us, we are so glad you enjoyed your stay and our neighborhood during your business trip, our goal is that you feel at home while traveling for work!
Very upset with my stay at this hotel. Room is nice but staff is extremely rude and incompetent. Female manager made us vacate the hotel room at 1AM in the morning because of an error that her staff made. Showed no empathy or concern for her guests, was rude and threatened us. She also refused to give me her name. I don't recommend the hotel just because of the staff. Didn't even receive my deposit back. Overall, horrible experience.
Everything in the property was clean the decoration are nice, the personal are friendly, inside of the room everything was clean in everywhere, clean bathroom but was very very simple and small, the bed made a lot of noice and you need pay extra for parking because they only have a valet parking. so in my opinion is not fair that you need to pay extra money for parking your car... was good but definitely I'm not going againDear massiel v, Thank you for choosing us, we are glad you enjoyed your stay, we understand your concerns, and we do have a company that outsources that service for us as i Brickell the parking situation is difficult.
Besides having to pay 20 for parking, I loved my stay at this hotel. My condo was very clean and smelled great. I went there for my honeymoon and it was very quiet. The staff was also very helpful. I would definitely recommend to others.Dear 391tiffanya, Thank you for choosing us and let us be part of a special trip, it was a pleasure to host you and we do hope to see you again in your next trip to Miami.
Very satisfied with this facility, a lot of privacy in comparison with a hotel. Service is quite low and valet parking costs 20 a day. The furniture is modern but quite empty. Internet is not fast. Overall a very good place with the family in an area much more interesting than Miami Beach!!Thank you so much for staying with us! we are working on improving your suggestions in order to offer you a better service. We are happy that your enjoyed your stay and value you as a guest. Regards, Habitat Residence Team
The hotel and room was very clean and looked exactly like the photos. However the furniture was very stiff and uncomfortable. The hotel is at least 15 minutes away from beach not including traffic (30 minutes with traffic). Parking is ridiculous so the additional 20 a day for parking is worth it versus the risk of being towed overnight for 200. Overall the condo was awesome for the extremely low price and I will recommend to anyone who is vacationing on a budget. Dear Christina E, We are sorry for any inconveniences, we do charge parking as around brickell there is not enough parking, the hotels near by charge up to 30 per night. we are glad you enjoyed your stay and we hope to see you again.
Large 2 bedrooms with a nice kitchen. Great for a family or couples. Would love to come stay there again. Location was great also with easy shopping and parking. Miami beach was only like a 15 minute drive and airport is like 5 minutes away.Dear champ882, Thank you for choosing us, we are very happy your enjoyed your stay as much as we enjoyed having you as a guest.
This hotel had a very clean, very nice room. Loved the washer and dryin the room and the free laundry soap. It was nice to have since we were going on two 7 day crusies with a day in between so we were able to wash our clothes in between cruises. Staff was very nice, we even checked in several... More
Son apartamentos comodos de buen tamao , personal atento y colaborativo.Mejoraria el espacio de la recepcin por algo mas moderno como son las decoraciones de los diferentes pisos , independiente del poco espacio con que cuentan.Pero en general esta bien por el precio pagado.Estimado Pedro JGracias pro elegirnos, fue un placer tenerte con nosotros.
Very disappointed, fake advertising, not worth the money, Valet sucks, staff rarely speaks English. I wont ever be staying and recommending anyone to this property ever again that is for sure. Find alternatives.Dear celo104, We are sorry for any inconveniences you might had experienced and we are taking your case under investigation to further address the issue.
Good location, good size of apartment, but that it, bathroom in the living room smelled like pee with less than half a roll of toilet paper available, there was a pube in the drawer of the fridge which is hilarious because the notice of the entrance says the fridge is always cleaned prior to every visit. There is not cable, they have those antennas that try to find local channels so I spent the entire time watching PBS Kids because it was the only channel the antenna would take in. Doors are very dirty, balcony doors would not lock, furniture is beat up, bed squeaky and would sink so deep I could feel the springs,extra blanket very stinky smell like it was overused and never washed, closet door missing, hairballs in the bathroom, and everything was VERY VERY dusty. SOOO NOT what this place made it to believe it was for the price. It looked like the person who cleaned this place did not care to do their job and it was either never done, or I was given a room that had not been touched in months. Go spend the same elsewhere and get a better experience, or spend less and still get a way better experience.Dear seviemj, thank you so much for taking the time to leave us a feedback of your experience. We are deeply sorry for the inconveniences you experienced, we are checkin all of our apartments to determine which one is the one in discussion as we are already addressing the issue with the housekeeping supervisors to avoid any further issues like this one.
I will def be staying here the next time I visit Miami... I absolutely loved it.... The room was spacious and it was only 2 of us there..... The kitchen was fully stocked with utensils and dished I cook breakfast every morning I was there.... The bed was very comfy and soft.... Someone was always available at the front desk... More
Unlike most boutique hotels the reception for my late arrival was friendly, efficient and upbeat, I was off on a 16 day cruise and felt quite welcomed by the staff. I was upgraded to a suite and felt rather pampered. All in all it was a very pleasant 2 day stay close to everything I like about Brickell.Dear Marcel C, Thank you very much for your kind words, reviews like this means the world to us!!! We are very glad you enjoyed your stay with us so much! Hope to have you as our guest in your next trip to Miami!
The unit was very clean but it isn't as spacious as it appears from the pictures. The living area furnishings are VERY small and uncomfortable. Beds and bathrooms were good overall. We spent most of our time outside of the condo so it worked out. Also, be aware the building is next to the interstate so we could hear traffic noise from inside the unit. Dear sparker308, Thank you for choosing us, it was a pleasure to have you as our guest, we di apologize for any inconveniences you might had experienced, we've taken note of your suggestions in order for us to improve. Hope to see you soon!
So happy I found this place! My family and I needed something close to American Airlines Arena for a concert and this place was perfect. Clean, new, friendly staff! Was very happy with our stay and we will definitely be back! 5 stars!Dear Sage W, Thank you so much for choosing us, it was a pleasure to host you. We are glad you enjoyed your stay as much as we enjoyed having you here.
Good price, close to a lot of downtown sites. I felt very safe. Had shuttle service to the Miami Boat Show. room had washer and dryer, 2 rooms and full kitchen. also large balcony looking out over downtown.
Staff was courteous friendly English needs to be a little better so the communication could be a little better I would recommend this Establishment to potential customers Customer service over the phone was greatDear Theron M, Thank you so much for choosing us, we are very glad you enjoyed your stay and we are taking into consideration the suggestions you pointed out. We hope to host you in your next trip to Miami. Regards,
I loved it except for that we can't even make no type of noise because they already start complaining.everything else was wonderful.the staff and the rooms especially the balcony .couldn't really celebrate my birthday in the hotel but still had a good timeThank you for choosing us, it was a pleasure to have you
Lower standard than similar condo style elsewhere.Standard of cleanliness poor . Dirty utensils, floor sticky so you daren't walk with bare feet. Lack of essential utensils.... All knives serrated, no sharp knife, no dish cloth, no jug or colander 20 paid for 5 days of NON Existent housekeeping services. Rooms are large with comfortable beds. Dear Val M, we are deeply sorry for any inconveniences you might had experienced, we are working very hard to better our service and product every day, in order to provide a great experience for the guests and make them feel at home, we would like to have the opportunity to host you again. Regards.
I went to Florida for my Graduation. The college had reserved units for all graduates at the Hyatt Hotel. Because I was traveling with my younger son, I had to find a place with a microwave and refrigerator. Well I came up on Habitat Miami through Travelocity. I book hoping that it would be what I was looking for. To my surprise it was more than I expected. I called all of my friends to let them know that this was the place for them to stay if every they were going to be in Miami. The place is very affordable, Clean and all the appliances worked well, the bonus was the parking garage. Habitat of Miami a Million Thank you for for letter me enjoyed my stay. I will certainly be back again and I have already told everyone I know that they must stay at Habitat. A Sincere Thank you, Mrs. Howell for New York. 1/23/2011Thank you very much for the great review! We are very glad you enjoy your stay with us!Please visit us in you next trip to Miami!Thank you very much, The Habitat Team
My husband and I enjoyed an anniversary stay at the Mandarin Oriental Brickell Key. We have stayed at several other M.O. properties and their luxury and service are always superb. The room was nice with a large balcony overlooking the city. Our breakfast the following morning was excellent and the service and staff always polite and professional. Our only complaint this trip was confusion over the rate and a glitch at the front desk. We booked a bed and breakfast rate on-line as Fans of M.O. for 279. When looking at our portfolio on the in-room television, it showed 299. I happened to have my printed reservation with me and took it down to the front desk. The young lady at the desk was very apologetic and helpful and while I was standing there, said she changed the rate on the computer. The next morning upon checking out, I asked for a copy of my final bill, and it again showed 299, not the 279 rate on my reservation. I again explained to the young man at the desk and again showed my reservation. He seemed confused why it wasnt changed the evening before and made the correction with apologies. He asked to keep the copy of my reservation. The entire process was handled professionally by both front desk clerks, but had I not checked both times, would have been charged the higher rate. It is a small complaint, but shouldnt have happened in the first place. The reservation was made directly with M.O. reservations, not through a third-party. Both desk clerks seemed confused by the rate on my printed reservation. My suggestion is if you stay at M.O., be sure to check your bill against your reservation. 20 is not the end of the world, but how many people were charged higher rates without realizing it Otherwise, great resort, pool, food and service!
Couldnt find anything to dislike about my stay: wonderful room with all amenities and a fantastic view of Brickell Bay, great location, attentive staff. Sure, its pricey, but theres no free lunch nowadays, or is there...
We stayed 4 nights in the Mandarin Oriental while visiting ART MIAMI. The rooms are nice I like the open bathrooms and very quiet compared to all the Hotels in South Beach. You have beautiful views on the bay from wherever you are in this Hotel. I like the area around the pool, you can lie down on a chair and eat something, swim of course. We like the Caf Sambal, exellent food Cevice sushi etc.The only thing we do not like is the formal Restaurant Azur. My fish was overcooked and myhusbands pasta was very mediocre. I was ashamed for our guest.
We stayed for 6 nights in lovely bay view room, which had a quirky semi-open plan bathroom - which could be screened by a blind. Allows you to soak in the large bathtub, and at the same time look out at the bay. Great! This is the first 5 star hotel we have stayed at in the US where the staff are ALL so attentive and it is clear that the hotel is being run along quality Far-East principles, where staff are trained to be helpful and polite. Concierge Paola was a gem, and is a great asset to the hotel. Nothing was too much trouble, and all of her helpful advice about transport, where to eat etc was spot on. Well done. Breakfast servers were also great, and even if the next day we were not at their tables, they still asked us how we were getting on. We would go back in a flash!
I visited the Mandarin Oriental spa in January for an 80 minute massage and was completely blown away by their spa. From the moment you walk in you are in a tranquil paradise and everyone you encounter is warm, friendly and professional. I was checked in quickly and moments afterwards given my spa slippers and escorted to the ladies locker room. The locker room had a nice vanity area where four ladies could easily sit, do their makeup, hair, etc. Luxurious almost seems to be an understatement of their waiting area. There is a nice waterfall and lounge chairs you could enjoy all afternoon reading a book or magazine. Their tea was nice and refreshing as well. My massage therapist worked wonders in that 80 minute timeframe. I had a private suite, had my choice of massage oil, music and anything my heart could possibly desire. I will definitely be back!
I booked weekend gateaway for my husband's birthday. Since the second we Arrived we felt like royalty. Service is super, staff is Excellent. We had chef mini cake delivered to our room surprise for my husband, which was yummy. Room is clean and spacious, we had bay view room on 14th floor. Only down the balcony had no chairs, it was tiny. We did massage at private over looking water suit, had champagne, was very relaxing. Expensive but Excellent. Pool is nice, pool staff even make your lounge chairs and bring you sunscreen and water free!!!. Sushi and drinks are excellent at oasis pool bar. Dinner at azul was ok, staff very attentive, however tiny portions of all items in menue. Also no music so lacking extra romantic feel. Dinner was tasty, bread with olives and beet butter are amazing. We spent 200, i wish we got more food. Overall great hotel. If you live in Florida, ask for resident package, you get view room, free vallet, free breakfast and late check up till 4pm!!!!
My wife and I had the pleasure of staying with the Mandarian for our first wedding anniversary. From the beginning, the experience was impeccable. Food, view, service and fitness...not to mention the fortunate weather - this could not have gone better. Once in a while, you find a business, resturant or in this case hotel that treats its clients as if they were related. The Mandarian is just that. Comfort, class with consistent effort throughout their goal is YOURS.Thank you to all who made this moment last a lifetime.
A tranquil and first class hotel. A bit out of the craziness of Miami on a quiet island right off of Brickell makes it extra special. The staff is fabulous and the rooms are lovely. Always our first choice!
Everything about this hotel is top notch. The setting, the architecture, the dcor and the amenities. The attention to detail is obvious in the service, the maid service, the menu etc. The food is really good. Shockingly good for a hotel and the service matched the food.The workout room seemed to be an afterthought, but otherwise I would highly recommend
My partner and I visited Miami for the first time and spent some time at this hotel during our stay. The views are amazing from this Hotel. The facility is huge, lots of walking space, jogging running along the water line. The hotel is splendid and so was the service.
This hotel is located in Biscayne Bay, the hotel overlooks the Bay. The rooms have a balcony which get a constant cool breeze which is quite a relief from the sweltering temperatures out there.Check in was easy, minor annoyance is when they ask if you want to upgrade for X which drags the whole experience down a notch. However, given a nice cool drink and cold towel on arrival.The suite was clean with good products and fresh fruit. Be sure to ask for an iron and ironing board prior to arriving.Breakfast buffet was good, we were there during the Sony Ericsson open so there was a high profile tennis star there during breakfast. Spa treatments were high end. I would return here again.
This was our second stay at the Mandarin Oriental in Miami, and it is a quiet, relaxing hotel. The staff is attentive, the restaurants are very good with outstanding service and the views are tranquil.
We stayed there for a work conference. It is a top notch hotel with great service. Bar and restaurants were very good as well. The Peruvian restaurant was very good for breakfast and dinner and is right on the water.
Great Hotel with very good service from the front desk to the room maids, BUT, amazingly a 5 Star Hotel makes you pay 15 a day to use there wi-fi!!!!.....seriously i have never stayed in a hotel where i had to pay for the internet, all the bars and restaurants in the area provide free wifi. Also i dont get that the hotel adds a 18 gratuity on the bill at the Buffet, doesnt buffet mean you serve yourself. The hotel staff are great and these complaints are directed to the obviously greedy owners who cant get enough......
Sehr gutes Hotel, sehr freundlich und bis auf WLAN und Frhstck auch alle Annehmlichkeiten inklusive. Im Verhltnis zu asiatischen oder europischen Mandarin Oriental aber zu teuer und im Detail dann doch schlechter. Fr ein amerikanisches Hotel jedoch top.
We stayed at the hotel for a week and the price was too high for whatwe received. The problem that makes me feel like not staying there again is that the room was full of ants. We founded it out because theyattached all our laundry bag, in the closet. Full of cloth waiting tobe picked up. They where very small black sticky ants, those you cannottake away with nothing. I felt horrible about this. It was discusting! I felt really ashamed and didnt whant anyone to see that repugnant scene. And the room, even though it had a beautifull bathtub in the middle of the room, separatyng sleeping area from bathing area, it was really small for the price payed. Decoration was excellent. Nice colors, very relaxing. Nice vanity staff. But the ants thing , made me feel very bad!! puaj!! Never again! I cannot forget the hundred ants all over my cloth! puajj!
Top of the line hotel. Views are excellent. The spa excels in every way. Luxuriously appointed rooms, especially the bathrooms. The hotel staff represent the hotel well and customer service is placed at a very high priority. Everyone is treated very well at the Mandarin just as any other Mandarin I have ever had the opportunity of staying at.
Arrived at 6AM, paid the previous night to make sure I had the room available given I had a 8AM breakfast meeting. The room was not ready, and I was told that I should've called to make sure the rooms would be ready. Then I was offered a room which I had not requested, and they repeated that I should've called to make sure my request was duly noted. I was surprised that I was at fault, by not calling them to ask for a room.But this was not enough to mark my stay. I left the make the room light on cause I wanted to come back and catchup on my sleep deprivation and left to go to my breakfast and then to meetings and returned at 4PM to find the room unmade! I called and asked the room to be made. They came up, and actually noticed the light to make the room and I asked if they acted on the light or not. They indicated to me it was best to call. But they were nice enough to offer the turn-down service at whatever time I requested, I asked 8PM, given I was to return at 8:30PM from dinner. I returned at 9PM, and the room was still not turned-down, for which I had to call again.Basically, if you don't call, you're on your own. I'm quite disappointed, I loved this property.Dear Guest,Thank you for your recent review of Mandarin Oriental, Miami on Trip Advisor. Your constructive comments are very important to us.I sincerely apologize the overall quality of your stay was disappointing. I regret that we did not provide the level of service expected and apologize for the deficiencies experienced. I assure you, I will address your comments with the team and take corrective measures.We hope you will give us another opportunity with a return visit in the future. Please contact the Executive Office and we will ensue your next visit is seamless and enjoyable. Sincerely,Jorge GonzalezArea Vice PresidentGeneral Manager
I had a fantastic four days and three nights at the Mandarin Oriental, Miami while in town for a Business Conference. The room, the staff, and the food were top notch. Beach party was excellent. I loved jogging around the island path in the morning. I'll be coming back next time I am in Miami.
If you can do without South Beach, stay here. The rooms are fabulous and the staff is terrific. The on site restaurants are stellar.
I stay at this hotel about 3 times a year....a combination of business and shopping......I've reviewed it often and have mentioned.....my favorite rooms......special service given by a staff member.....the food/beverage service......besides those areas.....here are some of the not so obvious reasons that keep me coming back......lunch around the pool.....warm and breezy.....but with a very close view of the bay....and the beautiful boats motoring past....the palms.....the skyline of Miami.....and an occasional airliner soaring overhead.....so Miami.....night time on my balcony......the same views.....but with the dramatic skyline lit with the different colors on the high rises......and the cool breezes......mornings.....walking around the paths on Brickell Key.....(where the hotel is located)......about a 20 minute walk.....water all around.....on one side you'll see the cruise ships coming in and out....on another side the mouth of the Miami River.....and the path always has lots of the locals....with their pets....walking, jogging and exercising.....these are a few of the things that keep me coming back to the MO.Tulemar DaveDear Tulemar Dave,Thank you for returning to Mandarin Oriental, Miami and for taking the time to share your experience. We sincerely appreciate your wonderful review and your compliments about the hotel's location, level of service, scenic views and dining options. We value your patronage and look forward to welcoming you back.Kind regards,Mauricio MiguelenaHotel Manager
Has everything you would expect from a good business hotel. Bathroom can also open up to the bedroom so you can watch TV from the tub. A bit tricky to find the turning to the hotel since it is not signposted off 8th. Check-in staff a bit teutonic. Concierge was more friendly, helpful. Nice gym, pool. Parking is USD24/night.
This is an excellent 5 star hotel near downtown Miami. It's on a small island connected to downtown, but it feels safe and the entire island is made up of high end properties.The hotel room that we had was very large, clean and plush. We also had a balcony with a really nice view of Miami on a high floor. This was really romantic with my wife since we were on our honeymoon. We loved every moment at this hotel.The pricing is very affordable in the summer. The staff was excellent. We had dinner at Azul and the view was perfect. The food and service was excellent, and of course it was expensive. South Beach and American Airlines Arena is very close by, but you will need a car. The Bayside marketplace is also a good place to visit. Overall, this is a great 5 star with an excellent location. Quieter than staying at South Beach, but close enough to all the fun places.
Somos fanaticos de esta cadena Mandarin Oriental, por la excelencia y calidad que representa a nivel mundial, pero debo decir que fue bastante decepcionante, muy mala atencion, personal sin ganas de ayudarte en nada, no me gusto la ubicacion, caro, habitacion pequea para el valor que tenia, ni siquiera la comida era de calidad.. La verdad una decepcion, no deberia llevar el nombre de Mandarin Oriental.. No volveriamos nunca mas.
Great location, spectacular amenities, and fantastic service ...Their location is on Brickell Key, a tony location that is both in the middle of Miami, and also secluded on a small, luxurious island surrounded by super high-end condos.The rooms are beautiful and spacious. Great views of Miami, and very elegant. This very well could be the finest hotel in all of Miami.Service is very refined, too. Their spa is amazing! The restaurants are fantastic. The experience at Mandarin will spoil you!
They say they have a beach. It's man made and you can't go in the water. The gym is too hot to work out in. The closet does not accommodate any long hang, such as a dress. In fact, a suit had to be hung in the bathroom because it was also too long. The bathroom has zero storage space, so things need to go in the closet that has no space. The bathroom and room are large, so none of this makes any sense. Housekeeping has issues as well. Shouldn't have to hunt them down for amenities that have run out. No coffeepot in the room. And needed to call maintenance to get the room cool enough in weather that isn't hot. The ironing board was in the room and served as auxiliary hanging space. Oh joy.Dear Guest,Thank you for your review of Mandarin Oriental, Miami on Trip Advisor. I personally apologize for the disappointing experience you had during your stay. This is not up to the standards we strive to provide to all our guests. I would like to turn around your unfortunate experience and ask that you contact the Executive Office to ensure your next stay at the hotel is enjoyable and memorable.Sincerely,Greg NunezHotel Manager
Came here for a girls weekend the first weekend in March. We had an awesome experience! Customer service is on point with the standards of a Mandarin Oriental. The rooms are nice and clean and a great size. The spa is awesome and their pool and hot tub are kept clean. Love that you can order food and drinks poolside.Only downside is that the food at La Mar and the other places on-site are just average. When I'm paying like 90 for breakfast, I expect it to be spectacular.
As a Miami native who comes back and visits 2-3 times a year, staying at the Mandarin Oriental Miami was a magical experience. They were able to get me to forget about terrible Miami traffic and attitudes. My entire stay I didn't have a care in the world because I knew their staff was already a step ahead of me, anticipating my needs. The Mandarin Oriental Miami was an incredible selection for our wedding stay. Our groomsmen got ready there the day of our wedding and by the time we returned that evening, the staff had cleaned up the room. This was especially great because we had given the groomsmen gifts in wooden crates (mancrates.com) and the staff made sure to get rid of all of them. They were always kind, courteous, friendly, and helpful. Valet always asked if we needed help with instructions, helped with bags, and told us about calling for your car before heading down. In-room dining was fantastic. We decided to have in-room breakfast on our final morning there. They arrived on time, set up a beautiful table by the window which even had a fresh rose on it, and rearranged furniture for the best setup. Turndown service was a delight. Coming home every night to slippers by the bed and a note with weather info for the next day was such a nice touch. We ordered champagne our first night in and were so tired we didn't get around to drinking it. Every day they refilled our champagne bucket with fresh ice during housekeeping so we always had the option to crack it open. The pool and hot tub were clean and a perfect temperature. The poolside bar had attentive and respectful service. They leave you with a button you can use to call them over. They also passed around fresh smoothie samples about once an hour. The room was spacious, clean, and modern. We stayed in one of their Dynasty Suites, which felt like being in an apartment. There was even a half bath in the living area which helped when at one point we had 8 men in the suite.
very tranquil quiet peaceful place amazingly gorgeous hotel!m bar has great delicious drinks! walking around their infinity pool and strolling along the water is very nice and the lobby is gorgeous restaurant azul has great food views and their rooms ive been in them all are big nicely decorated very asian inspired and i love the different views you can get especially if you get a balcony room!
My husband and I went to Miami to celebrate my birthday and we were so glad that we chose Mandarin Oriental. We had a very pleasant stayno complain. We love the location and the quiet surrounding of the hotel, the ambience, cleaniess and the warm-welcoming staffs. We also enjoyed the food in the hotel, even though it's a bit pricey than outside. But hey it's a 5-stars hotel, and the food taste great and with good presentation. Love it. Will definitely recommend it to everyone.
Excellent location in a quieter part of Miami but easy access to shops and mono rail/trolley within walking distance over the causeway Good but expensive restaurants in the hotel. Cocktails also expensive. Limited but nice restaurants within walking distance of the hotel too.
I asked them to help me with a surprise for my aunt on her birthday, everybody helped me and made her day amazing. I highly do recommend this hotel, they even gave her a small decorated cake. I love it
Its a quite Hotel near Downtown Miami. Its large but feels like a boutique hotel. Rooms are clean and spacious. Room service was fast and food decent. Great for a business traveller who needs to be close to Downtown but wanst an hotel on the water with great views to relax in the evenings. My only complaint was the a/c wasn't running very well and I prefer a cold room. I would have asked to switch but, didn't feel up to all the bother.
Mandarin is located in Brickell area and is in easy access to everthing with an Uber drive.The rooms are very spacious and nice having balconies with a view, especially from the upper floors where you have a great view over the bay. Great room service with a vast menu to choose from.However, the maids seems to have a love for 18 degrees celsius even though I turned it up to 25 each night - but I can easily cope with that problem.
We checked in at the Mandarin Oriental in Miami on October 21st we were kindly picked up with a limousine service at the Airport and greeted at the hotel lobby, the front desk assistant was extremely kind and gave us a beautiful room on the 8th floor overlooking the wonderful Brickell bay. We had a lovely Junior Suite given that we made all our reservations through the American Express Platinum Travel Services and of course they have certain perks. So far our experience was really lovely, the reason why we were visiting Miami was because my girlfriend and I were celebrating her birthday and it was her present, aside I took the opportunity of meeting up with few business associates. During the early morning of Monday the 24th of October, I got up from the bed and was hoping to start our day, however as the blinds were totally closed the room was dark and I misstepped on some silky pillows that were on the floor, given that they never came to do the turndown of the room, (usually around 18hrs they remove the silky decorative pillows as well as the covers and prepare the room for sleep). As a result I fell head first broke the fall with my arm groping on the desk in front of the bed where the TV was placed. I was startled from the impact and due to the obvious noise I woke up my girlfriend. Once we turned on the lights we saw that my hand was slightly bruised from the impact and of course since I am not a light guy 110kg of weight the result was an impact against the TV screen which ended up broken. We had informed the room service, and security came to inquire and inspect and make pictures. More concretely 2 security staff and the manager on duty. The security staff asked some questions and provided me with some ice for the hand. They told us that it was a clear trip and fall and they accommodated us. The manager Mr. Hendrik Grebe on the other hand did not show any concern nor did he tried to communicate with us. Security came again minutes later to help us fill in a report and we of course did it following their advice. We were told that they will get back to us for the matter of replacing the tv and whatever else we could need for such incident. The evening of the same day we came back to our hotel room and found that the tv was not replaced nor has the room been made up. Moreover there had not been a single attempt to try to clarify the situation or see if we could need any further help. We contacted the front desk about the tv and we were told that they just dont have a replacement tv, instead I had to request to be moved to a different room. Approximately an hour later they provided us with the same kind of room on a different floor. The day after it was our departure date and I was having breakfast with some business associates at their restaurant and while I was walking my guest out of the Mandarin one of the security staff approached me and said that the manager on duty would like to have a word, which obviously created an awkward moment. Furthermore the manager on duty Mr. Kelvin Jiles came to speak to me and informed me that I was going to be charged 1.300 usd aprox for the tv, given that the manager from the day of the incident reported it as property damage. Of course I did not expect this, nothing was communicated to us, and no one ever made an effort to clarify such a situation. Obviously I had several questions of my own as to why this incident was treated in such a manner with the lack of communicating and unprofessionally of the Mr. Hendrik Grebes part.I was told by Mr. Kelvin Jiles that it would be possible to speak to Mr. Grebe later in the day and requested me to come back at 3pm. However Mr. Grebe never came out to us, instead we spoke to the head of security for the hotel. Previously we were able to read the internal written report supposedly written by Mr. Grebe where he defined the situation as I was caught by a housekeeping staff who brought our breakfast and I declined or pretended I never ordered, later in the report they said it was a mistake from room service obviously I never ordered such a breakfast, on top my girlfriend was referred to as a friend who spent the night in my room, also they insinuated that I could have been drunk, and worse was there could have been a case of domestic violence. That has been the most insulting situation I have ever found myself in not to say how ashamed I was when my girlfriend read such a report. I of course was told by every person who approached to us from the staff that they absolutely understand our disagreement, and confusion of such an absurd situation. They repeatedly told us that the charged were done on my card and kept on apologizing.We are usual costumers of the Mandarin Oriental more concretely we had just been 5 days at their hotel in NYC. We feel horrified at the treatment and lack of professional approach and we still havent been given a proper or justified answer to the events. I hope this long letter helps for any future similar occurrences.Dear Valued Guest,Thank you for taking the time to share your recent stay about Mandarin Oriental, Miami on Trip Advisor. We have reviewed the information detailing the events that occurred during your stay and your concerns regarding the charges applied to your account. Please understand the health, safety and comfort of our guests is our top priority and our personnel did show concern for your well being as well as that of your guest. While we do understand that accidents happen from time to time there are several statements that conflict with our findings and the lock audits that were done as part of this investigation which do not support that the damages were a result of an accidental trip or fall.We have sent you a separate letter discussing this situation and we hope we can work together in finding an amicable solution. Please call me to further discuss.Sincerely,Jorge GonzalezGeneral Manager
This property is absolutely beautiful. The service was not what I expected. No one never assisted to help us with luggage,I was never informed about any of the facilities on the property and to top it all off I was addressed by the wrong name my entire stay there.There was one individual whom stood out and that was one of the valets by the name of AndyHe was always kind,professional and showed concern and a sense of urgency each and every encounter. Dear Ron W,Thank you for taking the time to provide a review of your experience at Mandarin Oriental, Miami. We are disappointed to learn that your time with us was less than fantastic. As a five-star property, we strive to provide unparalleled service and product and apologize that this was not your experience. We certainly understand the frustration of receiving service that did not exceed your expectations and are discontent with. We have addressed the lapses in service you encountered to ensure they are not repeated. Again our sincere apologies for the inconvenience, we hope to have the opportunity of welcoming you back.Sincerely,Clifford W. AtkinsonGeneral Manager
I stayed here for two nights booked through FHR. The room itself was fine, but the front desk and check-in experience undermined the entire stay. I contacted the GM, but he never responded to or acknowledged my concerns.We were upgraded on arrival according to the FHR benefits, but the sitting area of the room had no furniture. We returned to the desk, and I was offered a room with two beds. I told them that would be fine if they were queen beds, and they said that they were. They were not (and they don't seem to have any rooms with queen beds according to their website).After waiting for 45 minutes, I was told that I would not be receiving an upgrade because I had accepted and didn't like the second room. I told them that I accepted on the condition that beds were queen sized, which was untrue. Eventually an adequate room was found for me.There are a lot of things to like about the MO Miami, but I simply did not feel like a welcome guest. The lack of response from the GM suggests that they take no issue with the level of service they are failing to provide.Dear Guest,Please allow me to personally extend my sincere apologies for the disappointing experience during your last stay at Mandarin Oriental, Miami. I am very sorry about the turn of events that you encountered and the manner in which it was handled. I assure you I did review the email you sent to my attention and addressed the incident with the front office management team I again apologize for the poor first impression and to compensate for the inconvenience, ask you to please contact the Executive Office for assistance with your next reservation. I assure you that your next stay will be seamless and enjoyable.I am at your service for any future assistance.Sincerely, Jorge GonzalezArea Vice PresidentGeneral Manager
I had requested to book a fine dining experience for Easter dinner and instead we were sent to a night club with inappropriate art ( for family dinner) load music and impossible meal experience. A family holiday was ruined by the concierge recommendation. Dear Guest,Thank you for taking the time to write about your recent experience at Mandarin Oriental, Miami on Trip Advisor.We sincerely apologize the restaurant the Concierge selected was not what you had requested. We will certainly address your comments and also review the selection of restaurants that are recommended to our guests, which are generally the most popular and trendy places in the city in addition to La Mar and Azul that are located at the hotel.I hope you will give us another opportunity and ask you to contact the Executive Office to assist with your next reservation.Sincerely,Jorge GonzalezArea Vice PresidentGeneral Manager
Excellent hotel! Infinity pool, walking/running path around the extended area. Stone crabs are excellent when in season. Nice patio/balcony to relax and look at bridge. Deep bath tub in separate bathrooms.
This hotel is by far the best in Miami! Best service overall. From the valet staff to the housekeeping staff, to the front desk staff, and the servers at the reasturant. We were treated with such genuine care. I would highly recommend this hotel to family's as we travels with our 9 month old and we're greeted with a teddy bear for him!
This is one of my favorite hotels to visit. It's a beautiful and tranquil property, with stunning views of the bay from every room I've stayed in. I typically travel to Miami for work and always prefer staying away from the craziness of South Beach. The Mandarin offers a respite from the rest of the city. The standard rooms are huge, with beautiful details, great bathrooms, and fantastic views from the balcony. The restaurant in the hotel is delicious, too. It is very pricey though - but worth it if you can splurge and want to stay outside of South Beach, for a different Miami experience.
This used to be my favourite hotel. From now on you're only someone that I used to love. Perhaps they underperformed so dramatically due to a perfect storm of challenging events. It is a holiday weekend, the World Cup is being played in a city full of Immigrants who are all as football (Soccer) mad as I am and to add insult to injury, a major young celebrity is in residence at the hotel. Along with the celebrity has come HORDES of young teenaged girls who have overrun the parking lot, the hotel lobby, the elevator bays AND the hotel BAR! There has been no apparent effort to restrict the access of these obviously non resident children who have been camped out here for days. Hotel guests have been forced to navigate around, over, beside and under them simply to get service. Perhaps due to the nature of the crowd, the usual calm sophistication and unhurried pace of the hotel has vanished and the edges are beginning to show serious wear. There were so many short comings on this trip and far too many opportunities to regret the bill prior to its arrival. A hotel of this purported caliber should never cause one to feel there is a value for money disparity. Your unique selling proposition should be that you are SOOOOO good, I forget how much it costs. While I still hold a particular fondness for the MO- Miami, I have had to draw several uncomplimentary parallels to the much vaunted Ritz Carlton service standards and the Regis' brand of sedateness(stuffiness depending on the POV)and I, for the first time, find the MO outclassed. More's the pity.
We stayed at this wonderful hotel the night before a 17 night cruise in the Caribbean last November. The view from our balcony was amazing, overlooking the waterfront. The suite was spacious and very modern. The bathroom was large and contained a generous amount of amenities. Perfect way to start our vacation! Looking forward to another stay!
The room was incredible and spacious. Very comfortable and clean. The bathroom was spacious with a tub and separate shower. The mini bar items were diverse and extensive. Great room service options too. The hotel itself is on a very nice island with jogging trails and a private beach. It is a short drive to downtown Miami but a long cab ride to South Beach. If you are looking for a great little getaway a short drive from the airport that is like a little oasis, while not needing the glitz of South Beachthis is the place! There is a great restaurant called Azul in the hotel too.The only criticism was the TV. It was far too complicated to operate and I consider myself fairly technical. But while staying at a hotel, I dont want to spend time learning the nuances of the TV system. While I am sure it was expensive and the screen was very large, the time it took to learn the operation of the TV was too long.
We stayed here after returning from Key West. The hotel is really nicely located on a little island, looking back at downtown across the water. We got a nice upgrade to a suite, and loved the night skyline. Had dinner at La Mar and enjoyed the Peruvian food there. The pool area and little beach is popular and busy. The staf is really friendly, and higly professional.My only disappointment was with how loud the airco blower in the room was.
Visited this hotel on a number of visits to Miami as I find it first class in all aspects.I usually travel solo and its one of the few hotels I can say dont treat you any differently. In a junior suite this trip on the 14th floor and accommodation is great, fantastic view of the Bay. Breakfast buffet is a delight each morning and pool area is serine.Disappointed that Azul is closed, as it was a fantastic restaurant.Spa is a treat also with great services provided by polite and efficient team.The showers in the Sauna and Steam rooms are unbelievably good and I am tempted to use each day!All in all a joy to stay and the Christmas tree has just gone up in the lobby so it is all Christmassy now!
I arrived at the hotel at 1:30 AM and was warmly greeted by the doorman. My next interaction was also positive at the front desk. Then I opened the door to my room. Wow, it was wonderful and spacious. At breakfast I saw Will Smith!
We spent our anniversary weekend at the hotel. As a non-partying couple in our early 40s, it was perfect. In fact, our dinners at Red and Zuma, outside of the hotel paled in comparison to our experience at Azul. The rooms were spacious, service superb, spa was amazing. If you're looking to get away from it all and just relax, come here, sleep in, spend a day in a beach cabana, have room service, eat at Azul and get a massage or two. No need to leave.
Top notch hotel with the most awesome staff!! Food was exceptional! Felt like I was in paradise. Pool was amazing. Really enjoyed the jogging path. Had an incredible view of Miami. Was treated so well. Can't wait to go back!
My family stayed here for a quick getaway. Not great for kids no club or activities for them, but hey liked the pool and the location. Service was excellent everyone very nice and accommodating. The doorman especially really made you feel welcome and engaged us all the time. Housekeeping was very good and responsive. The only issue I had was the pool drinks and food. When you pay for a 20.00 margarita fill the glass! I never understand some of these high end hotels why they always go cheap on the alcohol. beers 8.00 domestic 10.00 for imports! Food at the pool was overpriced.
I am writing the review at the hotel. Lets just put aside the inconvenience of the location aside at the moment. I chose to stay here inside of the south beach because I want a quiet hotel but guess what, there are plane flying over my head every ten minutes! And guess what, when I called the front desk they told me they have never heard any plane noise. I went down to talk to the manager on duty and he claimed he has never had any complaints and he has been working here for two years. They are treating me as if I made this up. I invited the manager on duty to go to my room to prove that there are planes noise every ten minutes. He heard it himself very inevitably and instead of trying to solve the problem, simply told me that there is nothing he can do about the planes. I told him that I am aware of it but is the other side of the hotel going to be better I asked. Of course he can't answer the questions since he claimed no guests have complained about the noise before...well they must all be deaf. I requested to check the rooms on the other side of the hotel. We went together and it's slightly better, the catch is its facing a main road and there is traffic. I truly dislike how they handle my complaints. Now lets get to some other technical issue. The vents of the air conditioning blows directly to the bed onto my head so I can't turn any air conditioning on. By the way they don't give you adapters, they are part of the minibar item so you need to purchase them. Not to mention that one needs to purchase wifi connection. That is the least of the problems. By the way I asked the manager on duty in light of the noise of planes on the one side and the traffic on the other side of the hotel, which is the lesser of two evils for an insomniac like me. He said it would be the side facing traffic. Oh so he finally heard the plane noise So I didn't make it up after all! Shame on this mandarin oriental. The chain should disown this property to preserve its standard. Do not stay here!Dear Ms. Yao,I am very sorry to read of the noise disturbance you encountered which has also been brought to my attention by our Front Office Manager and our Rooms Division Director, who has tried contacting you.Please understand that Mandarin Oriental, Miami was built with the highest of standards and to withstand category five hurricane force winds.We are an urban city resort, tucked away on a semi private island, away from the traffic noise of downtown and the South Beach festive scene. We have never received a report from our guests of air traffic noise since the hotel opened and if you review other Trip Advisor reports, there has not been such an incident.I would like to assist in making the remainder of your stay seamless and enjoyable and would like to speak with you. Please contact me at your earliest convenience to see what we can do to help make your stay a restful one.Kind regards,Greg NunezHotel Manager
An excellent property where the personnel are very well trained. The bartenders are friendly and mix some of the best drinks, or just the way you like with pleasure and a big smile. The bed was so comfy
Well, My family and I went for a 3 night getaway to the Mandarin. It seemed like a fair price and a fun thing to do. Well, here was the thing. The room was pretty small... and the service was lousy. Let me tell you why. When we asked for our room to be made up while we were away for a couple hours, they said of course. We were out a couple hours and the room wasn't made up. Then we called again. They said of course again. And we went back out for a few hours to get lunch. Yet, when we returned the room wasn't made up!! Now, if you want to get a bite at Cafe Sambal that's another story. (It was amazing) But, do not stay here. The grounds are nice, and so is Cafe Sambal but nothing else.Dear Valued Guest, Thank you for your recent review of Mandarin Oriental, Miami on Trip Advisor. Your constructive comments are very important to us. I am delighted that you enjoyed your dining experience in Caf Sambal it is truly one of the best sushi restaurants in Miami having been recently voted top five by Passport Miami in one of their recent readers poll. Regarding the rest of your stay back in May, I am saddened to hear that your experience fell short and that you felt the room was small. We have many different category rooms all of which are on par in size with other luxury choices in the Miami. Please ask a reservation agent for more options and prices that may better fulfill your expectations. Pertaining to the lapse in service by housekeeping, we sincerely apologize that the room was not cleaned in the timeframe you requested. We do our best to accommodate all service requests. This is definitely an isolated incident that has been addressed with the housekeeping management to ensure it does not re-occur. I hope you will give us another opportunity and request that you contact the Executive Office for your future reservation. I will ensure you have a seamless and enjoyable visit. Sincerely, Greg Nunez Hotel Manager
It is very rare for me to do a five star review. This place deserves it. Excellent food, service, very nice suite and great location. The elevators are a little slow and I wish they had polo's of Mandarin in their gift shop but everything else was seriously awesome.
Mandarin Oriental HotelMiami Fl A CHIC PARADISE HOTEL...BETTER THAN EVER ! This are the kind of notes and review that I'm joyfully writing...A review about a great hotel...A hotel that holds a soft spot in our impenitent travelers hearts...A place that we missed a lot as we haven't been in Miami in sometime...Finally we had motive to drive down from our North Orlando home to Miami Jose Carlos, one of our dearest godsons that live and works there, was getting marry last August. As soon as we had that great news I planned-as I usually do- a mini Gastrotour not only in Mia, but in Palm Beach as well. Later on our planned road-tour and Gastrotour suffered alterations Rafa, husband of Angui our oldest daughter, needed a hip surgery and it was scheduled on those days. When we go to Miami we always stay in a place that we love:The Mandarin Oriental Hotel ! We made our reservations for the wedding-way ahead of time- using as a first time the TripAdvisor hotel reservations system linked to Booking.com. I'm obliged to mention that we got, via TA, excellent rates at the Mandarin, were we planned to stay just for 3 days, bur plans changed and we needed to stay one day at Miami's Doral area, were Rafa had its hip surgery. With those changes we needed to check in at the Mandarin one day before our TA scheduled reservation and this is just part of this review framed on the moments lived on those days. As we, my wife and myself, were driving into that nice Brickell's Ave areas, passed Brickell and had that magnificent views at Mandarin behind the bridge that connects mainland to Brickell Key...we felt-literally- like arriving in Paradise. That's are our wholeheartedly tender feelings towards the area and a hotel place that holds a soft spot in our hearts ! At Lobby and reception areas we felt like home and no-different was treatment at our arrival...needing to check-in a day previous to our reservation. After we explained the reception staff-courteous, proper and friendly as ever- that we are olde regular costumers in need to check in that day, they were helpfully at getting us one of their very best Rooms, within quality reserved, Room 1815 located on 18 th floor with the most splendid views to Biscayne Bay and those beautiful Southwestern water Seas, great by day, but even greater by Miami multicolored lights night That views are just part, as well, of the myriad of details that makes The Mandarin...a paradise found ! Before going on some details of our fantastic renovated experience there, I'm obliged to note that being a Hotel Developer and Owner, being professional Architect specialized in Resorts and Hotels designs and being a high end traveler all my life with a very clear understanding on hotel management and meanings of their offerings and designs...In can, professionally and humanly, asserts that the Mandarin Oriental, in Brickell Key, has what a great hotel needs certain style in its attractive design elegance and distinction, warmth and intimacy in the architecture and its deco design and architectural layout, which is not boxed into standards, offering a different theme in hospitality, from entranced areas to guest-rooms to facilities...making every single stay in it a unique experience ! Those are qualities, together with personalized Services and Building maintenance, of paramount importance to defined a property as a Grand Hotel, but lets have a look at some of it: Location in that Chic Miami areas is great just steps from Brickell Ave and a renovated Downtown areas, and others prime Miami areas with easy driving distances to archifamous Miami Beaches and those in historic Coral Gables Exterior image. With its masterwork architectural design...Its an attraction, as a building, itself majestically sited on the best corner of Brickell Key Reception is simply a work of art. Rather chic and perfectly designed with its very high ceiling, bottom to ceiling panoramic glasses, furniture and deco details (including a mural size artwork of Urea Rib a famous dominican painter), elegant front desk with proper done human-scale details with includes an always nice welcoming cold tea beverage... ....while you are at AW, with the most splendid paradisiac views ! Guests Facilities. Those areas are perfect and offering everything needed and more to be qualified as a luxurious Five Star Hotel: The Mandarin hosts two of Southwest best fine restaurants: AZUL and La Mar by Gaston Acurio a prestigious latin chef, native of Peru, is a fantastic new addition at Mandarin with his superb Peruvian and LatinAmerican recipes (reviewed independently). At Azul we were happily and friendly greeted by one of their Servers that knos us very well, from our previous visits...since Michell Berstein was in charge of their kitchen...which is still doing a great work ! Besides that they added a perfect and needed area to bring up more live to their large Lobby in the manner of MO- Bar Lounge. Nice and chic with great views, better drinks and light snacks, but pleasing to all discerning foodies and either a perfect meeting place or to have sunset drinks and Champagnes...or after dinner digestifs. All restaurants has a clever architectural design, as self standing ones, allowing independence between Hotel Guests and gastro-restaurant goers. The Mandarin SPA offers an ultimate luxury Spa experience from a variety of therapeutic treatments that we enjoyed several times over the years. We considered it as one the greatest Spa in US due to their highly trained therapist that can work the needs of each individual Guests Facilities. Among others they had niceTerraces right next to the crystal waters, swimming pools and exterior leisure areas just for guests Meeting areas and Events. They are well located meeting and event areas as we can noticed with independent access and services...as good as they can be. We never had used, but as hotelier I did notice their users pleased and comfortably going up and down by the elevators Their Concierge service, as always, was fantastic and helpful. We love to find that they keep staff with such a great work attitude Staff. In hotels, as in any other large Business in Service to costumers, service is of paramount importance, but that comes from a vertical command in which every and each part of that chain knows its duties Service to Costumers before all with faithful and neat behavior in and out and above their service hours...as they are trained here in all departments, at Mandarin. Last, but not the least important: Rooms at Mandarin are one of its strongholds they are FANTASTIC. We loved our great latest room on floor 18th with it great views and all its multiple details distribution, siting areas, great bedding and comfort, great deco, furniture and ambiance. Besides they- Mandarin Hotel- were one of the firsts fine hotels introducing the semi-opened bathrooms...making it, for architect and art lovers souls- like mine- a very special feeling of innovation, freshness and well-being. This time- fir different reasons- we did not reserved (as usual) their Executive high floor Rooms...our favorites there (besides their great Suites), but their management and staff attentions were above and beyond any expectations ... ....on that- our 25th stay- there: At our arrival we received a beautiful basket arrangement with Fruits, Cheeses and Champagne, but better than that was the nice note from Mrs Bustamante, welcoming us -back again- to our beloved Mandarin !Every and each one of those myriad of details at Mandarin Oriental Hotel could be overlooked by others, but not by us......as discerning high end travelers and Hotel Owners ! ...and that's why we keep this hotel in a very soft spot in our hearts ...and that's why my dear wife asked me Antonio lets stay one more day...with no-words needed thats why we stayed there a couple of more fantastic days ! hoping to be back as soon as we can !
Stayed at the MO about five years ago and we were impressed. We still find it a fantastic hotel, with an extremely comfortable bed. I was most impressed with the staff. I lost my watch at the pool area and didn't realize it until late evening. They searched through towels and then the whole pool area by flashlight and found it and returned it. Great Peruvian restaurant in the hotel and lots of other restaurants within easy walking distance.
In a city of hip hotels filled with noise, loud music, breaches of privacy, B-list celebrities (and worse) and expensive prices for cheaply constructed buildings, the Mandarin Oriental is a welcome exception. I've stayed here over 15 times over the past decade but never wrote a review. But it's time to give praise where it's due.First, the location -- on an island across a short causeway from the heart of the Brickell business district, the hotel has beautiful views in all directions. The rooms are spacious, beautifully furnished, extremely comfortable, and with true state-of-the-art support for all of your electronics -- there's a well placed single large panel in the desk area with plugs for chargers, ethernet cables, 3 prong plugs -- everything you can imagine.All the rooms have floor-to-ceiling glass facing the water and city views, balconies, large bathrooms and abundant closet space. I've been in everything from their basic rooms to suites -- all were gracious and comfortable.The two restaurants are excellent, and the buffet breakfast in the Cafe Simbal is exceptionally abundant, everything of highest quality, and with exceptionally broad choices. The pool is a beautiful infinity pool overlooking the bay with outdoor shower and jacuzzi facilities, and the large nearby beach area is quiet, calm and well serviced by staff who are gracious, helpful and unintrusive. The spa is elegant and the exercise room is very large and as good as the most extravagant private facility.All of these types of choices and preferences are matters of personal choice, but I've tried more than my share of South Beach hip places and they were uniformly bad compared to the Mandarin. And because Miami is so spread out, you'll need a car or taxi (as you need no matter where you stay), but the Mandarin is actually very central and equidistant by car to Coconut Grove, Coral Gables, South Beach and Key Biscayne.As chain hotels go, this is as good as any in the US. As a very discerning and experienced traveler with opinions (see my other reviews!), this one deserves its reputation and for the quality of rooms, location, food and service, is fairly priced.
We had a fabulous stay!! This hotel is amazing and the staff is fabulous! Everyone was beyond attentive, gracious and caring... from Winny's welcome to the assistance of David and Marion at the Concierge desk-- to Nelson at the front door and the outstanding serving staff under the direction of Ruben Paredes at La Mar restaurant and of course we are forever grateful to Janella for the champagne and birthday cake which greeted us upon arrival for our very special stay! Thank you!! We had the best time EVER!
I thoroughly enjoyed my one night visit after a crap week of meetings at the Hilton downtown. Stay away from that property. The service and accommodation excellence was probably the best I've experienced. I've stayed at various ritz, intercontinental, four seasons and this mandarin was outstanding. Spa was very relaxing even without a treatment. Room service food quality was impressive. Hot food hot, cold food cold and awesome flavors. Will definitely visit again.
I returned once again to a tranquility of zen. Miami is a crazy city, but I always stay here due to the peacefulness, service and calming zen atmosphere. The service Claudio provides in Azul is amazing. He is an asset and I've been coming to this MO for years and am glad to see him on my returns. I once again recommend staying here over any other place in Miami.
The Good:-Clean rooms.-Room service twice daily.-Room size is adequate.-Valet parking gets your car fast and parks it fast as well.-Hotel looks clean and nice in general.The Bad:-There is no private beach as advertized, it is a small, man-made beach, with no access to water.-The pool is very small compared to the size of the hotel.-Valet parking is mandatory and costs 34 per day, other (and better) hotels charge only 30 per day.-The fan in the bathroom in our room did not work and was not fixed despite complainig.-The toilette flush in our bathroom takes FOREVER to refill and was not fixed despite complaining (I have used the so-called ECO flushed in many older and modern hotels, so I know how it is supposed to work, ours was not functionning normally, nor as intended.-The batrhoom sink did not drain, they fixed it after we complained.-The hotel rooms show unusual signs of aging, despite the hotel being only around 10yrs. old.-The staff is arrogant and border-line rude (except for the valet parking guys, who are great).-The food at the hotel is marginal, the fruits in our 60 breakfast for 2 were NOT fresh, and we could not eat them. - As staff was so arrogant and our previous complaints were ignored (regarding the bathroom issues) we did not even bother complaining about stale fruits posing as fresh ones...we were happy it was our last day.-In general I recommend Trump and Sofitel hotels over Mandarin Oriental.Dear Guest,Thank you for your recent review of Mandarin Oriental, Miami on Trip Advisor. We sincerely apologize that your visit did not meet your expectations. Our private beach is not promoted as one for swimming but for relaxing and enjoying the stunning views. The tranquility and surroundings of our pool and beach provide a quiet escape for our guests.I am sorry to learn of the plumbing related issues. I will address this with our Engineering team to ensure there are no further problems.Additionally, I regret to hear the lapse in service you indicated by our staff. We pride ourselves in ensuring all our colleagues deliver quality service and genuine hospitality to our guests and make sure their visit is seamless and enjoyable. Please understand we only purchase quality, fresh produce and turn away anything that is not up to our standards. As far as the pricing, we are competitively priced with other luxury hotels in the area.With regards to the valet parking, due to the limited space available for parking facilities in the area, we do need to charge a fee for overnight stays. Most Miami hotels experience the same situation and charge rates equivalent or higher.I do apologize again that your stay was not an enjoyable experience.SincerelyJorge GonzalezGeneral Manager
The location of this hotel is bar none: views of the water and city lights is always perfect. Access to an array of menu items and restaurants on location is key. The food very well prepared. Service outstanding, quite possibly the best I have encountered.It would be a good idea for valets to have umbrellas for patrons coming out of their vehicles in the rain. That is the only minuscule criticism i can make.
Stayed here for a cruise line event - noticed passengers from Oceania checking in here. Fabulous views from the rooms. Bathroom is huge, with both a tub and shower. Brickell Key has a walking path around it thats nice in the morning. Hotel also has...More
Stayed in a three bedroom suite, incredible. Each room was essentially a separate room all connected to a central living room. Located on a small man made island, you can go for a walk on a path which circles the entire island, incredible views. Staff were exceptional, service was excellent. Many restaurants located a short walk away. Highly recommended.
Very Nice Hotel. Pool area is amazing its because of the pool that I would come back. Little pricey probably not the best value for the dollar but all and all a wonderful stay. The rooms are very clean and well appointed. I had a chance to enjoy dinner at Lar Mar restaurant the food was very good, make sure you get there a little early so you can sit on the patio and enjoy the view of the city at night. I also had a chance to enjoy the spa while there again a little pricy but very nice. Overall a wonderful stay
And they were deceived.... We picked the Mandarin in Miami because we had a great experience in Singapore and because of the impression of quiet and cosiness. Overall, it is a Mandarin, but nothing like what we have experienced elsewhere. Cleanliness and staff service are very high quality. Our room was upgraded, but it was nothing exceptional, so I wonder what a standard room is like. They have a very convenient dock for connecting to the audio-video system, and the bathroom is great. But there is limited space for storing luggage in the room, so it get crammed if you have more than two pieces. It is also surprising that in an international hotel chain, plugs are US standard only and they don't have the multi-system plugs... But the biggest deceptions are the following: 1 - The website indicates there's a private beach, well it's just some sand with long chairs. Don't think you can swim and enjoy a relaxing retreat.2 - Breakfast buffet is only cold cuts, cheese, fruits and cereals. It's a small, sad table compared to the extravaganza of other Mandarins. 3 - Internet is not complimentary, and it is quite expensive too, 15/day. All in all, we were so disappointed with our stay that we decided to cut it short and spend only one night there. The Mandarin is still an interesting hotel to stay at, perhaps with more realistic expectations you wouldn't be disappointed. This is a good hotel for business travelers, as it is very close to the financial district and there's not a grocery store around if you wanted to buy anything.
I am a regular guest in the Mandarin Oriental Miami and it is one of the few hotels in the world where I feel at home because of the staff's EXCELLENCY. And to add to this there is never a point where I have ever questioned the professionalism in the team.Moreover, the hotel itself, although it is nearly 20 years old, has not aged a bit. Another thing I love is the beach from where one can see skyscrapers or the sea and it gives you the feeling of being on a Carribean getaway, although being in the middle of Miami.My regular room which I stay in also has brilliant views of downtown Miami but also the ocean. Needless to actually say is that the rooms themselves are one of the most well kept I have seen when comparing to other 5 star resorts.All in all, one can read from my writing that I am a big fan of this hotel and always will be because I have been a customer there for ten years and they have never disappointed me!
This hotel experience was great and it was the caring staff that put it over the top. You can stay on site and enjoy the beach and restaurants for total RR or you can ask the staff for suggestions with your preferences in mind. The people working at the Mandarin give you incredible service and make sure you have a great time. My visit from 11/6/15 to 11/8/15 will certainly not be my last. Thank You
Perfect place to relax and enjoy the view.There is a private beach which is so chic but you cannot dive into the water. It' s a pity! Worth to visit during night-time too. Enjoyed so much the stylish dcor, and the room distribution was perfect. The toiletries were so exquisite that I still smell its scent. Wonderful. Dinning at La Mar is a must, and it's just there!
Stayed at Mandarin for 2 nights. This Hotel is off the Beach away for the tourist area( which we preferred). The staff was superb as was the room. My only complaint was that we were on a low floor so the noise from the bar was a bit disturbing. Spa was excellent . Highly recommend
This is a very nice hotel but it is not a 5 star hotel by any means. When we travel we usually stay in Ritz Carlton's and we just stayed at The Langham in Chicago in September. This hotel does not even compare. The buffet breakfast was very good but very expensive. It was 76 for 2 people. The room service food was also very good as well. The rooms were more for a Business Traveler.Dear Guest,Thank you for staying at Mandarin Oriental, Miami. Your constructive comments are very important to us.I regret to learn the hotel did not meet your expectations as we strive to ensure all of our guests have an enjoyable and memorable stay. I have taken your comments into consideration and shared it with the management team. Please understand the hotel is competitively priced with other luxury brands in Miami. Although we are not located on South Beach, we pride ourselves on being a private island oasis away from the high energy of the beach area with a Five-Star Spa and excellent dining options. The tranquility and surroundings of Oasis Pool and Beach Club provide a quiet respite for guests trying to get away from other crowded areas.Thank you for your comments. We do hope you will consider a return visit in the near future.Sincerely,Greg NunezHotel Manager
Awesome grounds and hotel overall is beautiful. My first stay in one of theirs and we cannot wait to go back!I would recommend it to every one- clean and jut fabulous all the way around. Just needs to make food available around the clock in one of their restaurants.
We came to Miami from San Diego for my 40th Birthday, and we stayed at the Mandarin Oriental. We were so happy with the service, the care of the staff, the cleanliness, the modernity of the rooms, the location, the pool, the workout facility - it was all amazing! We have never stayed at a Mandarin Oriental before, and now we are raving fans!
The location is perfect because the hotel is a 5 minute taxi ride to Collins, Washington and the beaches. The cab ride anywhere from a hotel to dinner or drink reservations would be the same as if you stayed right in South Beach. The hotel is very classy and has nice everything. The pool area is perfect and set up right near the bay. Pool bar was fun and had a good crowd. Rooms were also very clean and comfortable.Have to give it up to my wife for finding another awesome hotel.
No me gust. El hotel se convirti en un cancha de football, encontr el hotel lleno de publicidad y gente inconveniente, uds, pueden vender el hotel a quien quieran, pero avisas antes, lo contrario es publicidad engaosa, estoy totalmente disgustado, no me agrad para nada.Estimado 219norbertob, Gracias por hospedarse en Mandarin Oriental, Miami y por tomar su valioso tiempo para comunicarnos las reas de deficiencia durante su reciente estada.Lamentamos mucho que su visita no fue de su expectativa y el nivel de servicio no estuvo a la categora de Mandarin Oriental. Hemos puesto atencin a sus comentarios sobre el grupo que estuvo hospedado. Permtanos ofrecerle las ms sinceras disculpas, dado a que esto no es indicativo de nuestro nivel de servicio.Sus sugerencias son muy valiosas para nosotros y las mantendremos muy presente. Una vez ms, sentimos mucho que su estada no haya sido completamente agradable y esperamos nos d la oportunidad de comprobarle nuestra calidad de servicio durante su prxima visita.Sinceramente,Robert LoweGeneral Manager
We stayed at the MO for one week in February whilst the Boat Show, President's Weekend and the Food and Drink Fair were on consequently the hotel was very busy. There is no doubt that the MO is very luxurious, however be careful that you do not end up with a room overlooking the bridge road, as we did initially before they changed it the day after checking in. The hotel is in 3 sections of a curve and one third of the back section looks over this bridge, so ask for either the centre section or the section overlooking the pool. The reception staff vary in their desire to accommodate any disappointments, so if at first you don't succeed, try again with someone else! It is a particular concern that there is a major flight path right over the hotel, which seems quite bad at certain times of the day: the very expensive breakfast on the terrace was somehow marred by this experience, as were our sessions by the pool. I can't believe no one else has commented on this. Regarding the spa, I paid for a rather useless pilates session: like a previous reviewer, the teacher was a sweet girl and I did not like to complain about her, but I had thought the MO spa would ensure that all their staff were excellent in their field. My final negative comment is that the beach was out of bounds more times than not during our stay due to private parties and the time taken to set up these parties: although it did not bother us, I'm sure some people would mind if this was one of the features which attracted them to the hotel.Despite these comments, our family did enjoy our stay!
I stayed at the Mandarin Oriental for a girls weekend. It was fabulous! The staff is extremely attentive, service was great and the spa was fantastic! My only criticism is the rooms with the bathroom open to the bedroom is a little strange - not sure if all of the rooms are like that but the two that we had were. It offered little privacy. There also wasn't too much counter space in the bathroom. However, we were there to enjoy each others company so didn't spend a whole lot of time in the room. La Mar restaurant is one of my faves (I frequented the one in San Francisco) - everything is good on that menu. We had dinner and two breakfasts there.And did I mention the spa I had a massage and a facial - the entire experience is wonderful and peaceful and my therapist was great.We also did a yoga class out on the lawn in the morning - if you are an active person, there is a beautiful walking trail/park right outside of the hotel.I would definitely go back to the Mandarin Oriental...at least for the spa!
I stayed in this excellent hotel at the beginning of November, stayed four nights. I can only recommend this hotel as it is managed on a very professional level, starting the front desk, housekeeping and food. The location is downtown Miami, located on the small Brickell key, which is a very good position. We had a very nice room on 19th floor, the view was amazing. The only thing we did not like was a slow service at the pool bar (serving food). Otherwise it was excellent. Wifi is extra paid. Cab to South Beach or Airport is 30.
We had an amazing stay here, but I must say the spa was perfect. We did a 2 hour suite couples massage. It was just what we needed after a long day. Giselle Sonia asked what we wanted and they completed and connected with all of our needs. We can't wait to do it all over again thank you
I stayed at the Mandarin Oriental Miami in April 2008 during a business trip. Here are a few points I would like to shareWHAT I LOVED- the atmosphere: refined luxury and impeccable style- the room and the bathroom - immaculate- lots of individual lights allow for different moods- the gym: good cardio equipment, some weights - good air... and a view- best ever valet service for your car, fast and friendly- overall layout and architecture of the hotelWHAT I LIKED- friendly, professional, and international staff- Chaiselongue in the room - invites to relax- the location... a bit removed from SoBe, which is good- the feeling of serenity- the service - truly above what other hotels doWHAT I DID NOT LIKE- not staying longer and having to return to Germany -)
It's technically not in south beach, but about 15 minutes away. Good escape from south beach. The property is perfect, but the best part was a lively central bar. Rooms were big with balconies and good water views.
Not much to add to the expectation of excellence (which was met in all areas), except that you should know in advance that this hotel is truly in the city of Miami. That means it is in an urban setting. It sits on the bay, so it is somewhat removed from the urban hustle. Yes, it has a nice pool, but there are no beaches, and the views are of either the bay in one direction, or the city scape in the other. The rooms are perfect in every detail. The food was just great. The service was professional from the front desk to the poolside wait staff. I've stayed in the Mandarin Oriental hotels in various cities in the USA and abroad. You just can't go wrong with this extraordinary chain.
Second visit and stay..... It just keeps getting better! All of the staff and the amenities are over the top! I have never dealt with as many consistently accommodating team members than at this property.. It really feels like the genuinely care about you and your needs...I have stayed at other Miami hotels and there was no comparison for me.Dear kenhenderson2016,Thank you for returning to Mandarin Oriental, Miami and for writing a review on Trip Advisor. Your feedback is very important to us. Our staff appreciates your kind words and compliments. We strive to ensure our guests have an enjoyable and memorable stay.Thank you again for your generous words of praise. We look forward to welcoming you back.Sincerely,Greg NunezHotel Manager
Super swanky hotel with fabulous restaurants, stellar service and a great location near it all. The pool area is great as well as the access to everything. The hotel is top notch. I suggest that you enjoy this top hotel in Miami with all of its amenities.
I came to Miami for a couple of days during March to have a break from Manhattan Island. Luxury bed made me sleep half of the day plus entire night up until morning. Breakfast was mouth-watering, and an awesome view made my morning truly inspiring. Reception desk gave a special attention to my interests and arranged all the trips and local reservations for me. Solicitous personnel at the pool knew their job very well. At night a restaurant downstairs gets packed, and no surprises here! Food is really delicious! The room was clean, and service was very considerate, as always. Definitely, the best place to stay.
I recently attended a business conference at the hotel. It is a first class property - a great facility with a great staff. The rooms are comfortable and all have great views. My only criticism would be the lack of coffee makers in the rooms. The restaurants in the hotel are great, as is the gym. While the pool is nice, the beach is not an ocean beach, so be sure to manage your expectations. The service is excellent throughout the hotel. Also, be sure to be aware of the location - it is near downtown, but everything else (South Beach, etc.) is a ride.
If you are looking for a sophisticated hotel with world class service, a top rated restaurant and spa/pool to relax...look no further! Even with the substantial road construction currently taking place in downtown Miami, this hotel is Worth it!! My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay here and found the location perfect (it's about 15-20 minutes. Drive to south beach...depending on bridge traffic). The mandarin oriental is a world class hotel chain and this location does not disappoint. It's a quiet property, but has all the elementsyoy would want for relaxation or romance (and was well suited for business travelers as well...there is a lovely restaurant scene just a few minutes drive/ or 20 min stroll away).
Serene staff, air of calm permeates the hotel, nothing to too much trouble. Phenomenal views of downtown Miami and brilliant to be able to be so close but slightly distant from the main action of downtown. Great great mall (Brickell City Mall) with top rated...MoreDear TechnicalTerry, Thank you for your detailed comments regarding your recent stay at Mandarin Oriental, Miami. It is wonderful to hear that you enjoyed your stay overall. I have shared your feedback with our staff who were very happy to know their service was well...More
Our hotel stay at the Mandarin Oriental Miami, has to be one of the best we have had while travelling the USA. The attention to details in the appointment of the hotel ambience and rooms was perfect, as well as extremely attentive staff, who were all so accommodating to our needs... as well as anticipating what we would've needed! A special shout out to Angela, who greeted us every morning and was extremely friendly in assisting my sister and my own needs.I also recommend going to ESPA the hotel, as well as using the terrific facilities.I will definitely be coming back to Miami, and especially to the Mandarin Oriental!
As it is in Brickle, it is a luxury secret tip - the location is not really typical for a Miami-Trip, but it is a perfect place to watch the sunset and enjoy the full Mandarin-Service-Life-Style!Travel from Monday to Thursday than the pool is yours!
The Mandarin Oriental, Miami is a fabulous hotel. My friend and I stayed there last weekend to have a spa weekend and celebrate our recent accomplishments. The entire staff went above and beyond to make us feel so special. Even booking the hotel was a pleasure. I have been recommending everyone spend a weekend at Mandarin Oriental, Miami. I will definitely be returning.
We have traveled all over the US and Europe on business and pleasure and the Mandarin Oriental staff is by far the most focused on customer service of anywhere we have ever stayed. No desire or need was ignored. The room was spacious and well equipped. The grounds are lovely with an infinity pool and beach area. The sushi was fresh and delicious. The hotel sits on Brickell Key overlooking Biscayne Bay. We stayed in a room with a terrace and enjoyed sitting on the terrace looking at the lights at night. Wonderful!
I found the hotel to be overpriced for what you get and somewhat dated. The location is fine for the business traveller, however, there is nothing in the immediate area for anyone visiting for leisure purposes.The rooms and the hotel is a little dated with horrible yellow/orange tiles evident throughout the hotel.You will have to pay for everything - parking and internet access borders on extortion.We also had issues with ants in the room which you would not expect from a supposed high end hotel. The head housekeeper who came to the room to investigate after seeing the evidence of the ants was apologetic.If you have stayed in a MO property in Asia, you will likely be disappointed if you expect the same standard of accommodation and service.
We stayed at the Mandarin Oriental for four nights in April. We booked a deluxe bayview room and it was so beautiful, clean, and comfortable. Every employee we encountered including all doormen, front desk, concierge, housekeeping, pool, beach, and restaurant staff were outstanding. Really stellar service. We had breakfast at La Mar each morning and the food was wonderful. The hotel is in a great location as you could walk across the bridge and find many great restaurants and bars. We will definately be back....we loved it. Special thanks to Cindy at the front desk, Pamela at MO Lounge, Mihel at the pool, and Adriana in housekeeping who cleaned our room to perfection each day!
By far my favorite property ever! The location is great, the level of service is beyond spectacular. Five star experience and we cannot wait to return. The skyline view is my favorite. The breakfast buffet is outstanding and the spa is also top notch.
My wife and I stayed for 2 days at the hotel. The hotel is very nice and the staff were very kindly and helpfull. Looking by the photos i believed that they had access to the beach, but it is a bay view. We seated at the chairs on the bay view area and ordered food...it was everything all right then suddenly a iguanas gang came attacked all the food. I think it was about 3 or 4 of them, and nothing that i could do stop them kkkkk. It was so bizarre that we decided to get out and go to the city.Dear Guest, Thank you for your review of Mandarin Oriental, Miami on Trip Advisor. Your constructive comments are extremely important to us. I sincerely apologize for the unfortunate and rare encounter you had with iguanas on our private beach. I am delighted to discuss your experience so please feel free to reach out to the Executive Office.I look forward to personally hearing from you.Sincerely,Jorge GonzalezGeneral Manager
The moment we entered the Mandarin Oriental in Miami we were greeted as if we were special. The hotel staff is wonderful! They make certain that guests have everything they need. The location of MO is absolutely spectacular--the best of Miami's Brickell scene. Easy walking distance to trendy shops and restaurants, however, once you enter the Manderin Oriental you'll forget about visiting those places and just want to relax in the zen atmosphere. Did I say we had a great time Amazing weekend.
I enjoyed this hotel. The lobby has a really clean scent and the lobby bar has an amazing selection of martinis. The beach beds are comfortable (as are the beds in the room), although I was disappointed to see that the beach doesn't actually go into the water. Still, it was nice to get sun while laying on a soft mattress. The fitness center is awesome and has great views of the water. The rooms are clean and comfortable. It was strange to have a window between the bathroom and the bedroom but my friend and I had fun going in and out of the bathroom through the opening. One major downside is that Key Brickell is residential and I prefer to be within walking distance to South Beach.
I stayed here because of a conference I was attending. The hotel is very good, rooms are grate and everyone is very friendly and tries to help you. The location is perfect is you need to go near Downtown, specially for business purposes.
It is not the Luxury of other Mandarin Orientals but the price is different as well. The service was excellent and the concierge gave us excellent dining suggestions. Valet parking is very efficient and worth it. The hotel has a very good location for reaching other areas in Miami and we very much preferred down town that the noisy Miami beach. We did not dine in the hotel but the bar is excellent. There was life music and a very nice ambiance. The hotel was also much better when compared to other five stars ee stayed in Miami beach. The only minus is that they charged us 12 US a day for wifi ().
My girlfriend and I stayed here for a weekend to celebrate her birthday and we did not leave the hotel grounds. We stayed in a Deluxe Skyline View Room, which offers beautiful views on a large private balcony. The manager surprised my friend with a tray of wine and sweets for her birthday. We throughly enjoyed the pool and bar area. We lunched at La Mar and dined at Azul. Overall, it was the perfect weekend in a perfect hotel.
Although I don't often stay in a luxury hotel, the Mandarin Oriental, Miami provided exceptional accomodations and service. Their attention to detail and the courtesy of the staff was unsurpassed. The property was beautiful and the room was spacious
The Mandarin Oriental, Miami is an oasis of calm in beauty in the bustling downtown Miami. The service at the hotel is impeccable and he view from the Bay facing rooms is unparalleled. Great Food options within the hotel and walking distance across the bridge. The Bricked Mall is 5 mins away for shopping indulgences.
MO truly treated my girlfriend and I like royalty! MO was very attentive to our needs, from start to finish. Such a beautiful hotel and perfect experience. Very, very luxurious hotel and the customer service is superior! MO gave us so much more than we imagined and it was truly the best priced hotel. The service desk was very informative, and after a long travel everything was such smooth sailing. Outstanding service from Devin! The valet parking staff was so respectful and polite. Thanks so much Aieser and Angel!! They made returning to MO each day a delight. Best 3 day weekend I could ask for from a hotel! The room is exactly as the pictures on their website, so beautiful and clean. Housekeeping did an amazing job as well! My girlfriend loved her birthday surprise! Thank you Layal! Such a beautiful chocolate truffle! Bottom line: Everyone we came in contact with provided superior customer service. We received more than we paid for and it was just a beautiful experience. The spa and pool was very beautiful as well! MO is away from the busy Miami strip but still close access to everywhere. Very peaceful and spectacular!! Do look forward to visiting again, as this was our first time there. Truly a Mandarin Oriental Experience!!
My husband surprised me for our anniversary. The service was top notch from the moment we were recieved by the valet. A welcome beverage was served to cool off from the summer heat. The room was super comfortable and incredibly clean but the balcony was very small(just large enough to stand on but no room for furniture of any kind). Other than that, i have not one complaint about this hotel. Some if miami's highest rated restaurants are in the hotel as well as the amazing spa. Tried to top my hubby by booking at the biltmore for his birthday but they dropped the ball on several aspects. The mandarin is definitely the way to go.
While South Beach is unquestionably a better place to be located for access to night life and beaches, the Mandarin Oriental is a great option for business travelers or conference attendees who won't have time in their schedule to leave the hotel. It's unquestionably the best hotel in the downtown area. While swimming isn't permitted off the man-made island, it does have a great swimming pool and beach area. Only downside is that it is surprisingly hard to get taxis to pick up from the hotel in the evenings.
We had stayed here before in 2012 and enjoyed it therefore we had great expectations for our return visit. We were disappointed. The staff were rude at check in and at all other times - no smiles or good mornings/afternoons were offered with one exception, James, who was really nice. The hotel itself appears outdated - there was a musty smell in the corridors and it felt unclean. Our first room was unacceptable as it was covered in dust, the carpet was really dirty, the bed sheets were pulled and tatty, and there were stains on the tiles in the bathroom (not small ones but large off-putting ones). We asked to switch rooms and while our second room was acceptable the carpet was in need of a good clean and we had no curtains - only a black out blind. We did not enjoy our second stay here - so much in fact we booked another hotel after the second night and only returned the night before heading home. We will not be staying here again, the great location does not make up for its shortcomings.Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback with us, we do apologize that your stay did not meet expectations and want you to know that we will take your comments into consideration as we continually strive for improvement.Rafael Ortiz-MartinezFront Office Manager
I read many bad reviews about this hotel but I didn't believe all the bad customer service comments BUT what just happened to me few minutes ago it's unbelievable! I'm in room 2110, it's midnight as I'm writing this message. I was just woken up by a couple who opened my door as they said the front desk just checked them in and they were given the same room.......Is this for real I been here for 3 out of 4nights already and they checked in other people into the same room, who is running this hotel I am Starwood Gold, I recommend staying somewhere else do not say here...don't make the same mistake I made to not listen to other reviews. How can you trust this hotel after what happened to me Anyone could have been checked in while I'm away and to my return personal items could have been missing....who's to blame I know, the 3 star hotel!!Mynor,Thank you for letting us know about your stay. We apologize for the issue that you had at our hotel. We are deeply sorry for the situation that you encountered with you room. Please feel free to contact me directly in regards to this matter.
If you want to be in the center of Universal Studios without the hefty price tag, then this is the place for you. You cant miss the hotel with its funky design. Restaurants, Walgreens, and shops are a short walk away. Universal Studios parking is a mere 5 minute drive. Clean and spacious rooms are great for families.
We only stayed there one night. The location is perfect right in the center of town off Duval St. It's a short walk to the Hemingway house, fun restaurants or the beaches. Pool was peaceful and quiet. The rooms were recently remodeled and very nice...More
I love this place and can't wait to come back! The rooms are super clean and modern. Beds are really comfortable. We stayed in a Jr suite and loved the separate shower, deep jacuzzi tub, even the bath n body works toiletries. The room overlooked...More
Pros: Well nigh perfect location when Rte 1 meets Duval St. Everything is walking distance. Set back off Duval so no road noise. A quiet serene setting. Pool is lovely, perfect temperature. Hot tub was never busy and set under a pretty mosaic of a...More
Our second time there was as great as our first. Fun, pleasant staff, beautiful, comfortable room, wonderful location, pool, breakfast included, nice bar...really a fantastic experience all around. It is expensive, but it's worth the splurge.
I cannot say enough great things about this hotel. All of the staff is amazingly friendly, the rooms are clean, the location is amazing right on Duval Street where all of the action is, but on the quiet end so no endless parties outside your...More
Small hotel which was nice. Our room was excellent spotless. The location of Orchid Key is perfect, just off Duval Street but still very quiet. Excellent choice of buffet breakfast all fresh. Staff very friendly helpful, nothing was too much trouble. Our first...More
Orchid Key Inn is a true gem nestled right on Duvall Street close to all amenities yet secluded enough to make you feel you are far away from the action. Small comfortable rooms, amazing staff (Brandon), super breakfast and happy hour included. Definitely will come...More
Good location at the better end of Duval in town and not waterfront. Parking is 10 a day which is not bad for Key West, but it was off season so not sure if enough spots in high season. Delicious complimentary breakfast: fresh fruits, good...More
We had a memorable three-night stay at the Orchid Inn. The staff was helpful. Kim and Trudy in particular helped with tour and dinner reservations. Their recommendations were perfect. The Inn location is within easy walking distance to the heart of everything. The exterior is...More
Located within a short walk of all the best Key West has to offer. Need a suggestion of what to do, where to eat, rent a bike or just the weather and the staff is happy to respond. We truly enjoyed eating the buffet breakfast...More
Located on Duval Truman, the Orchid Key is perfectly situated....around the block to the Hemingway House/Museum and Lighthouse Keeper's Museum. A 9-block walk to Mallory Square and shorter walk to the Southernmost Point. Stayed 3 nights and wish we would have stayed 3 more....More
We loved everything about the Orchid Key Inn . . . Location, quietness (Unable to hear the roosters crow in the very, early hours), intimate, incredible staff, very clean facility/rooms, option of a pool, bar, continental breakfast, and etc! What we enjoyed the most about...More
We selected the Orchid Key based on Trip Advisor reviews and were extremely pleased. From the street, it doesn't seem like much, but the public facilities, our room (106) and the staff were outstanding. While we normally stay at the high-end chain hotels, we were...More
Wife and I had a long weekend stay at the Orchid Key Inn. Clean, well equipt, great location and very friendly staff. No complaints whatsoever and we will definitely return when in key West. Staff was always looking for opportunities to serve guests.
The location of this hotel is fantastic! Right on Duvall street - it's easy to stop in while sightseeing. We had a king deluxe room which was adequate. The room itself was average and at night there was a lot of external noise-not from Duvall...More
Thank you Orchid Key Inn team for your excellent advisory, especially to Kim and of cause Shawn. We will definitely come back enjoying your peaceful and cozy hotel. We enjoyed the comprehensive breakfast with fresh orange juice, a lot of yogurts, eggs, ham and cheese...More
The main thing to say about the Orchid Key Inn was the service we were afforded for the week we stayed there was excellent. Cindy, Kim and Trudy are a credit to the place. All the staff in reception, the bar and the help we...More
I have been traveling for 2 week, flying to Florida, and staying at some wonderful hotels, but Orchid Key Inn was by far the best, From Kim who greeted us upon arrival, and all the housekeeping staff... Michael the bartender a great mixologist coming up...More
Decided to stay at the Orchid Key Inn for our destination wedding we weren't disappointed at all! The Inn has a great location on Duval Truman, we were able to ride our bikes everywhere we wanted to go!! Whether laying by the pool...More
The hotel is lovely and in a great location. The staff is very nice and helpful. The foliage surrounding the pool is beautiful. The room was very well done with a wonderful shower but small for 450 a day. Key West is very expensive so...More
Fantastic place to stay - we stayed 3 nights and we were really impressed by both the hotel and the staff. Nice little bar with great cocktails and a super free continental breakfast in the morning. Don't be put off by comments on the smallness...More
First of all the hotel is adorable. It's a restored motor court. Orchids are everywhere! A caring staff, nice rooms, lovely pool great continental breakfast/happy hour. Oh, and did I mention, it's close to everything! Love this place! We will be back!
This was my third time staying at Orchid Key. Every trip is a reminder of the value of quality staff and facilities. From the moment you arrive, until they call your cab for your departure the staff really take excellent care of you. The rooms...More
This place was awesome. Clean, updated, quaint, had tons of character. The staff was super nice and helpful. The decor was awesome, beds were comfy, showers were clean. What a fantastic hotel. I'd go back in a second
We stayed here during our honeymoon trip to Key West and couldn't have been more pleased. The room was VERY comfortable and clean. The location was perfect- being right off Duval Street made it easy for us to walk everywhere but it was off the...More
My husband and I had an amazing time - thanks to Brandon! We were greeted so nicely after the trip in from Miami (which was delightful as we were a lil' tired from our travels). Brandon told us all the great places to go and...More
This is a great place to vacation. Rooms were clean and very attractive. Very friendly and helpful people behind the desk.. Brandon, the hotel manager was awesome. He made sure we had EVERYTHING we needed.The bartender was a little unfriendly and seemed bored with his...More
We had a wonderful stay here. This property is in an ideal location, on Duval St. Just blocks from the Southernmost Point, the party side of Duval St, the Hemmingway House and the Butterfly Conservatory. We were able to ride bikes to everything we wanted...More
This is a1950's motor court turned modern ( inside) boutique hotel. A small 27 suite hotel with a beautiful pool area and gardens full of palm trees and orchids. All suites have been completely updated. By far the best staff I have ever come across....More
Can't say enough about how pleased we were with our stay at the Orchid Key Inn. This old motorcourt style hotel has been totally renovated and is thoroughly modern. We had a upgraded room with a bedrom and sitting area so I cannot speak for...More
This was our third visit to the Orchid Key Inn - what a fabulous place to stay! For couples that want a pristine oasis with all the amenities - close to the action, but peaceful, this is the place!! Every aspect of our stay was...More
The staff at Orchid Key was delightful and extremely attentive. Highly encourage others to forego the larger hotels and try this gem. It is extremely clean and was very quiet. Their Attention to detail was noted. Brandon thank you for the great advice about where...More
Its hard to know what to praise most highly at this fantastic little Inn. The location, on the quieter but not dull end of Duval Street, couldnt be bettered. The attractions of Key West are a short walk away and even the Conch Tour stop...More
If it weren't for Tripadvisor, I would have never known about this gem of a hotel. The Orchid Key Inn fit our needs perfectly (and it was reasonably priced). We drove down from West Palm Beach where we had rented a condo. My husband has...More
The hotel was very clean. The peple working there were very helpful and very nice. We were right on Duval St. very convient. Walking distance to everything. Grounds were very clean. Pool and hot tub very nice and clean. Rooms were comfy and clean. We...More
My husband and I recently stayed in the Orchid Key Inn in Key West, Florida for three nights to celebrate our 30th wedding anniversary. We had originally booked at a large beach front resort but opted out at the last minute for something a little...More
We were in Key West for 5 days from July 17 and stayed at Orchid Key. This is one of the best places I have ever stayed. The staff was very friendly and helped with anything that we needed. I loved the bed and if...More
This charming boutique hotel is absolutely one of Key West BEST!!! From the greatest staff who takes care of you as if you were VIP's..to the impeccable room's and grounds. If you want to be pampered check out Orchid Key We have been a return...More
I LOVED this place! The rooms were comfy and very up to date! Brandon and Kim offered suggestions of places to eat and visit and made reservations for everything without being asked! They are super friendly and down to earth! And the woman tending bar...More
Start to finish our time at the Orchid Key Inn was outstanding. Brandon is fantastic! We were one of the few rooms right off of Duval that had a table and chair outside the room instead of a sitting room and so we could sit...More
This place is a secluded gem located in the heart of Duvall St. A small Inn with nice amenities. Quiet relaxing pool area. Well stacked on-site bar. Nice breakfast and evening snacks. The entire staff was outstanding. We Would Not hesitate to recommend the Orchid...More
My husband and I traveled to Key West for a short getaway. We stayed at Orchid Inn for three nights. We were happily surprised with this little gem. The location is perfect. Walk out the door and you're in the mix with all the excitement...More
Beautifully decorated rooms - and probably the comfiest bed I have ever slept on! Good location, right on Duval, although still a bit of a walk to the top end (but you get to walk past all the shops on the way so not all...More
This was the first hotel we stayed at for our tour of Florida and after the initial issues we had checking in it was a pleasurable experience. Our room was sizeable and tastefully decorated, but didn't necessarily have the wow factor you might be looking...More
If I had driven up in 65 Impala dressed in chinos and a Hawaiian shirt I would have felt right at home at the Orchid Key Inn. The place just oozes mid centurymodern from the signs to the rooflines. Inside the room though it is...More
Second time around in Key West...and what an awesome time we had! The staff (Brandon, Amy, Kim and the numerous others) were friendly, helpful and made our stay a MEMORABLE! Thank you one ALL...God willing we'll see you ALL next year. Keep a light...More
My favorite thing about staying at the Orchid Inn was the staff. They were so helpful. It was also great to be in the middle of all the action but be able to retreat to a quiet corner of paradise. Only complaint is hot tub...More
We just got back from a great trip to Key West. It was our first time there so used Trip Advisor to help steer us in the right direction. Orchid Key was a gem. An old 1950's motel restored beautifully. We felt like we walked...More
Ultra cool, fully updated retro motel in a great Location. The rooms were beautiful, well appointed and very clean. The staff was very accommodating, professional and fun. We had four couples on the trip and everyone raved about Orchid Key. Will definitely be back.
We had a wonderful stay at Orchid Key Inn. It's a small, quiet inn that's in walking distance to everything. The attention to detail is exceptional in every way. The rooms and bathrooms are immaculate and very comfortable. The staff are all incredibly helpful, especially...MoreHello and thank you Melinda D for your wonderful review. We are happy to read how much you enjoyed your stay with us, and are especially happy that Cindy could help you too. We hope to have you return to the Orchid Key, should you...More
The Orchid Key Inn is located right on Duval Street, but not in the busy/crazy section of town, which is to my liking. The staff was super helpful beginning with an email I sent prior to my arrival, to great recommendations at check in and...More
I have been to key west a couple of times, but most recently I stayed at the orchid key. The room was so clean and comfortable, and the staff is awesome! My best times were spent relaxing by the beautiful pool and drinking a cocktail...More
I actually considered not writing a review so this 24room oasis would stay a lesser known property. Of course, I couldn't do that to them as this is a great property and should be enjoyed by as many as possible. Like I said, there are...More
My wife and I are already planning our next trip back to Key West in the fall and Orchid Key is where we'll stay. We loved the the update to the pool area and the rooms are very well maintained and comfortable. Thanks to Kim...More
We chose the Junior Spa Suite which was spacious luxurious and very comfortable. The hotel is on Duval Street but in a quiet part and we had no problem sleeping. The rooms are around the pool area which was relatively small but well landscaped. A...More
Went to Key West for a long weekend and a romantic getaway, the Orchid Key Inn was outstanding. Highly recommend, great property, great service, overall an excellent experience. The staff was very friendly and helpful, and had all types of suggestions on things to do....More
Spent 3 nights at this wonderful inn and the staff was just wonderful, especially Betty at the Orchid Bar and Kim at the Front Desk. The breakfast (which was included) was lovely and the ladies working the breakfast buffet were very helpful, especially when making...More
Fantastic boutique hotel with the VERY BEST STAFF ever. They have an incredible martini bar with the best bartender in Key West. Her infused specialty martinis are to die for!!!!!! The hotel location is PERFECT at Duval and Truman close enough for the craziness and...More
I recently took a group to Key West and we stayed at the Orchid Key. The hotel was lovely, the staff was good and the rooms were great. We had a rude encounter with an employee, mentioned it and it was immediately corrected. I recommend...More
Stayed at Orchid key inn for our vacation and this was the best hotel I have ever stayed in. I had read the reviews prior to booking but my expectations were exceeded. The complimentary breakfast had a wide spread, the complimentary drink every evening was...More
Thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Orchid Key Inn. The room and facilities were very very clean and lovely staff was always friendly and accommodating (thanks Peter and Olivia!) Quiet little oasis with a fabulous location and walking distance to beaches, Duval, shopping, harbor etc....More
We have visited Key West on many occasions over the years and stayed in a variety of hotels and guest houses but we can honestly say after discovering this wonderful boutique hotel we will never need to look elsewhere. The staff couldn't have been more...More
Great experience at the Orchid Key. Location right on Duval street couldn't have been better and rooms, pool area etc. were all renovated with style. We had a two room suite, which was just perfect for a family with children. Not expensive on the Key...More
If you want a hotel that is on Duval and close to the action but not right in it, If you want a hotel that is friendly and helpful if you want a hotel which has happy hour if you want a hotel with a...More
Perfect location on Duval St. in walking distance of everything. Staff is extremely knowledgeable and friendly and gave us excellent recommendations on restaurants as well as tips on best ways to see the sights given our limited time. Room was clean and seemed to be...More
Really enjoyed this boutique hotel. The service was top notch. Bruce at the front desk was pleasant and knowledgeable. The rooms are small but well appointed, comfortable, clean, and modern. Loved the bar, Anna makes a world class Gin and Juice. Wake up to a...More
My wife and I just stayed here from November 20 - 23, 2015. We were blown away by this little hotel. From Cindy at the front desk to all of the staff, this place was outstanding!! I would like to give them 100 stars because...More
This hotel is perfectly located on busy Duval Street. It is also perfectly quiet. The staff is perfectly gracious. The pool is perfectly inviting. The bar is perfectly fun. The breakfast is perfectly continental. The parking is perfectly on-site. The experience is perfectly wonderful.
Husband and I stayed at this hotel while on vacation in the keys. They let us park in their lot while they readied the room. We were called when the room was ready. Lisa, the hostess, was so helpful! She was friendly, ready with suggestions...More
We can only echo all the other reviewers is exclaiming how great this awesome hotel is. So clean and friendly. Check in was a breeze with Cindy at the front desk. Within minutes we were checked in, our dinner reservation was made and a tour...More
If you find yourself in staying here think your self very lucky. From the staff, to the decor, to the pool, to the food can not fault this place in any way. The staff went out of their way to help book trips, recommend restaurant...MoreThank you for your wonderful review, we are so happy to read everything was perfect for your stay! Should you return to Key West please do not hesitate to contact us, we would love to have you stay with us again. Warmest Regards Shannon
After visiting Key West on several occasions and staying in some pretty downtrodden places, I did my homework this time and went with the best reviews. So glad I did - it's a little gem. Our room was very clean (not massive but big enough),...More
Our family really loves Sea Oats. We stayed in 15 both times and it is perfect. We love the retro look of the motel and the view can't be beat. We spotted dolphins from our balcony every morning. This is not a five star hotel so if you don't like things a little broken in this isn't the place for... More
Rooms are very dated but they are beachfront with easy access to the beach. The Crab Trap Restaurant is very close and many other choices close by. Located on Scenic Hwy 98 this motel is in a great location.
Located on a private beach area in the middle of two restaurants that are in walking distance. We had a wonderful time. Each room has a outside sitting area. The small kitchen supplied with everything we need all we had to bring was food and drinks.
Initially booked for two nights. Stayed in 7 and had everything we needed to enjoy this quaint diamond of a property. Decided to stay an additional two nights. Great experience and stay as you won't expect this great little property amongst the multi million dollar homes. Will look forward to coming back. The Green's
While the building may be historical everything was in excellent condition, modern unit a/c mounted on wall with modern digital thermostat was quiet and very effective. The pool and Tiki bar were Great! As was the indoor grill. Housekeeping services were outstanding. When I first evaluated the bathroom I thought it looked a bit tight but there was so much... More
Hotel has small but gorgeous art deco rooms! Pool is magnificent...both rooms and pool just renovated. But the real hit is the bar in the lobby Tap Room at the Hollander!! Great food and plenty of craft beer taps. Food is always superb but they have a secret on Wednesdays...Hamburger, fries (or jalapeno cole slaw) and a craft beer for... More
This is an overdue review but wanted to share what a great experience we had during our stay in April. We spent a week in St Petersburg and attended the Tampa Bay Blues Festival. While the hotel was full, the staff did everything possible to make your stay a great experience. The place was really busy and it seemed like... More
Hotel is very nice. Enjoyed meals in the hotel....breakfast, lunch and dinner. Rooms are small but nicely decorated. Bathtub is old fashioned but great for people who love to take baths. Staff was very friendly. Will stay again.
We have stayed at this hotel twice now when attending concerts at the Mahaffey and Palladium. This hotel is not a chain and it shows in how well they take care of you. Everyone is so friendly and helpful and the rooms are wonderful. Food is provided by the Tap Room and is so delicious and very resonable. The hotel... More
We recently attended a Rays game and our daughter and son-in-law got us the king suite in the Hollander Hotel. This is a fantastic boutique hotel. Free parking in the adjacent and rear lots. The hotel looks more like a BB - it is warm and inviting with a great front porch! The lobby has a nice sitting area with... More
Perfect location for being able to walk to the triathlon venue a half mile away. The staff was nice. Ample, free parking and comfortable room albeit small. Refrigerator and microwave in the room. The pool area was beautiful. Live music at night but was not so loud that I could hear it in my room.
The Hollander Hotel puts you back in time to bygone days when life was simpler. the decor is early 1900's, rooms are spacious and clean. the dining room is small but there is no problem being seated and the food is amazing. they have a breakfast buffet that is very good with many selections and a bloody mary bar. They... More
Love this place! From the moment you walk in it's character sweeps you away! The staff is so great! The pool area is beautiful with a great bar poolside. They have an amazing magic show one night-so fun! Love this hotel
Just returned from a weekend at the Hollander. This was the third year in a row we have stayed there and nothing could be nicer. It is an early 20th century hotel that has been updated and made cozy. Everyone there has always gone out of their way to see to our needs from housekeeping to servers in the tap... More
I'ts a old build that was brought back to life, very cute, clean and in a great location, walking distance from all of downtown St.Pete. All the staff I encountered were very nice and friendly, Food was excellent as well!! Thanks Rey
Our friends stayed here and loved it, so we met them for another weekend getaway. Great middle meet up spot for those traveling from Orlando and Naples. The hotel has great charm, warmth and character. Will staff are friendly and eager to make your stay great. The restaurant has excellent food, in addition to evening entertainment. They also provide... More
First time staying at small Boutique hotel. Very clean and the staff was very helpful. A lot of personal service that is not available in a large chain. Of course being an older remodeled hotel. You will find the building just that. An older style building. Not a problem if you are not Expecting all the frills. Very comfortable and... More
My husband and I stayed two nights and were impressed with the neat atmosphere, very friendly staff, excellent food and exceptional value. The rooms were comfortable and clean, the pool deck and tiki bar were awesome, parking was a breeze, check-in/out was quick, and everyone was helpful and welcoming. The location is great. We are booking our next stay already!
My husband and I ran away to Jamaica and got married. We came back to St Pete and had our reception. We had friends fly in from as far north as NYC and as far west as Arizona. Most of our guests stayed at the Hollander. They went above and beyond to take care of us. The hotel is unique!... More
This is a wonderful place. Charmingly old (three buildings hooked together), charming, quiet, unusual, and perfect. The rooms are spacious and immaculate. There is a glorious main stairway, but an elevator, too. We went down for dinner, thinking the 20+ beers on tap would be the treat and had a gourmet meal--clearly someone in the kitchen is a real chef.... More
My husband and I booked this hotel last minute to watch the San Francisco Giants play the Rays and what a surprise! Hollander hotel has the BEST customer service we have ever received and what a fun environment. The pool and cabana bar are fun, clean, and welcoming. The food at the restaurant (both dinner and breakfast buffet) were outstanding.... More
I doubt there is a better place to stay in St. Petersburg Fl. Checking in was quick and friendly. The staff sets the bar for all service industry employees. They all genuinely seemed happy to be working there and it left me feeling happy. Dominique the laundry room attendent could not do enought for me and smiled all day, every... More
Whoever purchased the Hollander and spent the time, money and research to bring it back to its 1930s roots should receive a special commendation from the City of St Petersburg. From the wide front veranda, to the individually selected items chosen for the walls and decoration, to the simple, clean and very comfortable rooms, this was obviously a labor of... More
This was not my first stay at the Hollander, nor will it be my last! It's in a great downtown spot and they continue to upgrade and add to the hotel. Most recently they added their outdoor pool and bar. While I did not utilize it while I was there, it looked fabulous! Just to level set, this is an... More
Have stayed at this location several times with no problems. Reservations were made in March as our family reunion was to be held at this hotel Memorial Day weekend. I requested a room with two double beds. After checking in about 4pm, I went to my assigned room and found that it was one king bed. Immediately went to front... More
I have utilized the Hilton Garden Inn in Brandon FL for my travel stays in the Tampa Area for almost two years and it has always been a delightful experience. The hotel personnel have always been friendly and helpful and the service is Excellent.
AC didn't work very good. Room was warm and damp. Shower drain was slow. Not enough bedding in the room for the pullout sofa. Staff was very nice though. Seems like the room needs maintenance. Would consider staying again if the rooms were updated.
I checked in on May 02, 2016 and upon check in it was nice nice customer service I been to that hotel alot and I am a Hilton honors member as well stay at all local Hilton chains. Well I got up to the room trying to take a shower hung up my sweater on the bathroom door rack and... More
The staff is fantastic.We used the shuttle/van to the Hard Rock with no issues.My mom had a desert around 8PM at the bar. Even the cleaning staff was friendly on the morning we left.Being members of Hilton Honors we got our free water and having the refrigerator in the room came in handy.Parking was a breeze.It's not in an area... More
Excellent stay in a very clean Hilton. The staff from the moment we entered until our departure were warm, friendly and accomodating. The room was clean and comfortable. My only drawback would be they need to update their bathrooms. 2 sinks, a fan and just generally bring it up to par with the rest of the room.
The Garden Inn was a little bit hard to find because it is off the main highway. But the advantage of that is the quiet, pleasant atmosphere found there. The room was comfortable, the staff very professional - a nice stay!
For the purpose of our stay this hotel was in a great location. It is close to the mall and many restaurants. The check in and breakfast staff were very professional and helpful. The breakfast has a charge, but is well worth it .
The check in person at the front desk was very polite. I did not see the pool or grounds. The location is not bad. The rooms however opened out on common outdoor space. Simple locks. Deadbolt, chain and latches removed. Windows had simple latch. Probably a nice hotel but concern over safety. Moved on.
Had such a great stay. Spacious room with a little kitchenette. We stayed for a week and never had any complaints. Location is a plus. It was a great find and worth the value we paid. Would definitely return.
This small hotel had the friendliest staff, great location, nice clean rooms, and a great continental breakfast poolside under the cabanas with a wonderful wait staff! Very affordable, especially knowing Naples' prices! They attended to any needs of those who stayed there.
Good Location! and that is about all I can say about this place!!! The Bed was so uncomfortable, I hardly slept and the walls are paperthin!!!!!! We heard the woman next door to us's entire telephone conversation at 3 am.....what a disappointment!!! Won't be staying there again!!
Overnight stay on our way to Key West. No real complaints. The foliage area was quite beautiful under the tiki area. The room was very beach balmy. The beds were comfortable. A plus was seating chairs outside of your door to enjoy the atmosphere. The breakfast was toast, bagels, cereal, coffee, and juice.
This hotel staff goes out of their way to make you comfortable and satisfied with your stay there. We've come here many times and will continue to because they make us feel welcome. We could have stayed nearby at other hotels but we prefer how this hotel is r4un by the management.
Staff is A+, Rooms needed more lights and a few outlets were inop.Pool area was relaxing with a great bartender. It is a motel not a hotel. Free breakfast which is standard fare. But, parking no problem and staff bends gives all trying to correct a problem or trying to make your stay the best possible.Dear maddogmd80,Thank you for taking the time to Review our Hotel. We are happy that you had a nice stay and our Staff did a great job correcting your Problem. We hope to see you back again, for an even better stay with us next time.Sincerely,Eric B - Hotel Manager
This is a great place to stay, the rooms are up to date, and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The bathroom was large, the room we had had 2 queen beds with a chair and desk. This was a good size for 2 people. The only issue I had is the drapes. They had regular drapes that only covered half of the window, and a sheer drape that covered the whole window. The problem is at night, there was always light shinning through the window. Not the easiest to get to sleep. The pool and pool area were very nice, they had cabanas and plenty of seating areas.We enjoyed the free breakfast, something for everyone. They had scrambled eggs (which I think were powdered), hard boiled eggs, sausage, waffles, oatmeal, cereals, breads, english muffins, muffins, yogart, bagels, fresh fruit and fruit salad. Went back for numerous servings.There was free wi-fi, however they try repeatedly to have you upgrade to a faster speed (for a fee of course).As far as location, you should either have a car so you can get to the beach or other attractions, or be prepared to catch the trolley or taxi. Not much in walking distance.Dear groozyjay,Thank you for taking the time to review our Hotel. We are Happy that you had a nice stay with us and that enjoyed our Breakfast. We hope that you will return soon for another Great Stay!Sincerely,Eric B - Hotel Manager
With this hotel you are definitely getting a bang for your buck. Not only is it newly renovated, but it is also kept very clean. We enjoyed the cabanas by the pool as well as the comfy lounge chairs. The staff was pleasant and helpful, especially Marie and Maria, and don't be surprised if the GM Tom stops to ask how your stay is going. We are definitely planning to stay again.Thank you for your comments and feedback. Marie and Maria are two of our amazing housekeepers who take personal pride in maintaining the cleanliness of the hotel. I am glad you enjoyed the cabanas by the pool. Thanks for staying with us. Hope to see you again soon.
The registration folks were great. Very friendly and helpful. The concierge Karen Bursma was fantastic. Had great recommendations for dinner and other places of interest in Key West. She is very knowledgeable about Key West. This is a older hotel but the facility is still well taken care of and would recommend it to others.Glad to hear you enjoyed Karen's recommendations and thank you so much for the kind words regarding our team and the hotel. We look forward to welcoming you back to the Keys Collection the next time your journey brings you back to mile zero!
We stayed just one night during winter break. It is a large hotel but well laid out. The rooms are very large, nicely decorated, and very comfortable. The pool area is beautiful with a very large swimming pool surrounded by palm trees and vegetation. Very enjoyable location. It is on the est side of Key West, a few miles from where all the action is. The the island is so small that you can ride your bicycle to Duval.Dear foundufafa,Thank you for taking the time to Review our Hotel. We are very Happy that you had a Nice Stay and enjoyed your Room as well as our Pool Area. We hope to see you back in Key West very soon for another Nice stay.Sincerely,Eric B - Hotel Manager
Excellent facilities here. We were lucky enough to get a two room suite for our 4 night stay. Really enjoyed the pool area. The chairs and cabanas are very comfortable. Only negative was no outside drinks (1st time on Key West, is that normal), but there was an outdoor lanai just outside of our room for cocktail breaks.Free breakfast was good enough to keep us from spending money elsewhere. Used the gym twice- we may have been the only ones! Concierge was very friendly and knew everything about the island. Location is less than a half mile away from the nice bike/ hike trail that goes all the way up A1A.Dear Thaddeus 5,Thank you for sharing your experience, we are happy you enjoyed your stay with us. Our pool area is a wonderful area to relax in between all the fun activities in Key West.Just to answer your question about the outside drinks. We do not allow outside drinks because we do serve/sell alcohol at our Pool Bar, so it becomes a liability.But we are glad you enjoyed the outside patios!We look forward to seeing you on your next visit to Key West.
Quick over night stay, wish we had more time! Wonderful room with comfortable accommodations. Excellent breakfast of hot and cold items. Shuttle to downtown is priced at 20 for a group of 4. Concierge very helpfulDear DHTraveler01,Thank you for taking the time to Review our Hotel. We are very Happy that you had a Wonderful Stay and enjoyed our Breakfast and your room as well. We hope to see you back in Key West very soon for another Nice stay and a longer one too.Sincerely,Eric B - Hotel Manager
The hotel was very clean and the staff was excellent. Kudos to front desk worker Laeteyce and manager Tim Mattlock. They are true professionals . The breakfast was very good with a lot of different breakfast choices. Looking forward to going back to Key West in the future.Thank you for the five star review and the kind words regarding our Front Office Supervisor Laetryce. We are pleased to hear you enjoyed our breakfast buffet and we look forward to welcoming you back to our little island!
My wife booked this hotel as a gift for my 50th while we were staying at Marco Island. We visited the Dry Tortugas State Park while we were there.Room was huge, microwave, fridge, ironing board..etcBreakfast was complimentary.....From toast, bagels, muffins, cakes.....cooked breakfast section.....waffles you make yourself.....cereals, grits.....tea, coffee, juices. You cannot complain whatsoever.Rooms comfortable and clean.Swimming pool to relax in after a hot day out and about.Ticks all the boxes for me.Dear davetommo2000,Thank you for taking the time to review our Hotel. We are happy that you enjoyed you stay with us. We are happy that you enjoyed the Room, Breakfast, our Pool and you trip out to the Dry Tortugas. We Hope to see you back in Key West soon for another Great Trip.Sincerely,Eric B - Hotel Manager
Clean larger sized rooms, newly built /renovated. Was on 2nd floor back side of property rooms, very quiet. Nice pool. Enjoyed complimentary self serve breakfast. Coffee was excellent. It was a good choice and wonderful place to stay.Thank you so much for taking the time to share your feedback. We appreciate your compliments, and are thrilled that we exceeded your expectations. We look forward to your return.
I love the place. We reached late night around 1, front desk staff was on the spot. Room was clean and good. Breakfast and pool area is well decorated and have modern look. Breakfast was also very good.Dear AnupkGupta,Thank you for taking the time to Review our Hotel. We are very Happy that you had a Nice Stay and enjoyed our Breakfast and Pool as well. It is also good to here my overnight staff was on the Spot. We hope to see you back in Key West very soon for another Nice stay.Sincerely,Eric B - Hotel Manager
When we first saw the hotel, we thought it was strange to see and outside entrance Marriott property, but once we entered the lobby, we felt right at home. As Platinum Elite members, we were upgraded to a small suite. That was great, but when we pulled out the couch we saw there was no sheets, nor blanket for the pull out. When we called to get the needed sheets and blankets, a very sweet and helpful housekeeping staff, Rosemary from Jamacia came immediately and helped make up the bed right there and explained how every pull out blanket is washed after each time it was used. We appreciated her enthusiasm and kindness. The next day, we realized we need to extend another day and spoke with Nakayla Butler at the front desk. Wow, she worked some magic and got us in another night despite being full. This is why I have been staying exclusively at Marriott properties for over 40 years. This property even had a concierge, Jamie who seems to know every street and bargain to be found in Key West. You just cannot find a more consistently quality hotel chain than Marriott. Thanks to everyone at the Key West Marriott Fairfield Inn for a wonderful stay.Thank you for your comments regarding your wonderful stay with us. It great to hear the team members Rosemary, Nakayla and Jamie made the difference in your visit. I appreciate your comments and your loyalty to Marriott. Thank you for staying with us.
Excellent equipment for business, my husband have a meeting close by the family of 4 rode with him, got good breakfast and end up spending the day at the by the beautiful cabams, we did the right choice because Ines did an AMAZING entertaining us and excellent job!!! To come back place.Dear Isabel M,Thank you for taking the time to review our Hotel. We are Happy that you and the Family were able to travel with your Husband and had a Great Day at our Pool. It is always nice to see one of our associates mentioned for there Amazing service. We hope to see you all back in Key West Soon!Sincerely,Eric B - Hotel Manager
The bartender Steve was Very Knowledgeable about local restaurants. Recommended many and also gave us a 10 percent off coupon. Drinks at the bar were very tasty and refreshing especially the Pia Coladas...yummy...Thanks for your comments. Stephen is one of our amazing team members. He takes great pride in sharing his local knowledge. Thanks for staying with us.
From the ouside the Fairfield Inn looks a bit dull but from the inside it looks very good. The room I had was directly infront of the pool. The room itself looked really nice and clean. The bathroom was also nice and clean. The reception staff and concierge were very nice and friendly to us.The breakfast had a wide variety and it looked good.Dear Thomas T,Thank you for taking the time to review our Hotel. We are Happy that you had a great stay and was bale to enjoy our Breakfast and that our staff was helpful and friendly, that is always Great to hear. We hope to see you back again with us very soon.Sincerely,Eric B - Hotel Manager
Stay for the fourth of july week. our first time in key west. rooms were very clean. loved the decor. staff was friendly. since there were no king beds available with a pool view they gave us free drinks at the bar...awesome! Jamie, our key west concierge was excellent. she helped us navigate our way through key west. she also helped us book our watersport tours with Fury Water Adventures which was a great experience.Dear pchyluv2,Thank you for taking the time to review our Hotel. We are happy that you loved your stay with us. It is also Great to see our Concierge Name mentioned and that she was so helpful. We are glad you had a Great 1st time experience to Key West and we hope to see you back again soon for another.Sincerely,Eric B - Hotel Manager
I wish we could have enjoyed the pool and other amenities, but as it was, arriving late, departing early, I can only say that the staff was very accommodating, the facilities good, and the room very comfortable. No complaints at all.Thank you for staying with us. I hope next time you can stay longer to enjoy all of our amenities. Hope to see you soon.
I went to this hotel for Father's Day weekend and I will definitely be back. It's away from the Duval action for some peace and quiet but close enough to get back and forth easily. Front desk staff were very hospitable and check in quick. The room I had was a king and quite small but served its purpose. Best of all if you're traveling with children there's a nice fridge and microwave. The room cleanliness was a B+ if you're extra picky. The breakfast was very good and had a nice variety. Nice pool too with free cabanas and a bar. There's free WiFi and covered parking. Overall you won't find better value than this.Thanks for your comments. I am glad you will be back. We love return guests. There is so much to explore and enjoy on the Island you can never see it all. Thanks for staying with us.
Brand new property, with a beautiful pool. Everything was extremely clean, the staff was very friendly and there to help with any questions we had. Would highly recommend and we would definitely stay here again.Thank you for your Fantastic comment. We are all here to help you enjoy your visit to Paradise. Thanks for staying with us. Hope to see you again soon.
We stayed at this Fairfield inn in Feb. 2016 with a 2.5 year old. It was perfect for a family. We had a room overlooking the pool which I loved. The pool gets a lot of sun in the morning which is nice for sipping coffee by or if it is warm enough a dip. The pool was heated where we didn't mind swimming in it even when the temp didn't get above 70. Breakfast was better than I expected. The eggs were actually scrambled not like the weird omelet I had before at a budget motel. We always had enough at breakfast to carry us through at least the next cuban sandwich shop. I used the gym there which was ok a few cardio machines including an elliptical and free weights and exercise balls. The nice thing was I was the only one in there both times I used it. The hotel isn't walking distance to much but we were able to find parking every time we went downtown. I think it was quieter because we weren't around any partying.
Stayed at Fairfield Inn And Suites Mothers Day Weekend 2017. We had finished a cruise in Miami and wanted to drive to the keys. Location was great for a one day drive to Keys. Our room wasn't ready but the manager gave us free shuttle to downtown. Beautiful pool but we didn't use it because we wanted to tour Key West. Shuttle took us right downtown. We explored Key West and had dinner. Enjoyed the sunset and took the shuttle back to the hotel. Recommend shuttle as there is no parking downtown. Great breakfast that was included. Easy checkout next day on our way home. Close to hwy so made it easy to get an early start on long drive home!Dear JaneA69,Thank you for taking the time to Review our Hotel. We are very Happy that you had a Great Stay and enjoyed our Breakfast and our Shuttle service to Mallory Square. We hope to see you back in Key West very soon for another Nice stay with us.Sincerely,Eric B - Hotel Manager
The front desk staff were nice and friendly. The lobby is nice and clean and the concierge desk is right there to help you find places to go and things to do. The stay was a bit disappointing, I'm platinum and my preferred room is top floor away from the elevator. My room was directly across from the elevator so we heard the noise from it all night. I asked for extra towels and foam pillows, never got either. Housekeeping never made it to our room before 4:30-5 each day,so as we are coming back from a day of activities we had to go find something to do while they cleaned. The rooms are updated and nice but very small. The layout is nice but tight for a family. Next time we will stay at another property. I used 160,000 points and was expecting more. Dear Ovsurf,Thank you for taking the time to review our Hotel. I would like to apologizes for the issues you faced during your stay and not living up your expectations, especially as one of our Platinum members. we take all of our reviews seriously so that we can better serve our guests. I shared your comments with the rest of my team so that we can fix these issues moving forward.Sincerely,Eric B - Hotel Manager
This hotel was just completed 3 weeks ago so everything is in great shape. The pool is nice and the free breakfast is good. The rooms are pretty nice. It seems as though rooms that are further from the pool are larger and have double sinks in the bathroom. Kind of motel style property with no indoor air conditioned hallways. The only bad thing about this hotel is that there is no shuttle into town so a rental car or some other mode of transport is a must. Staff was extremely friendly. Hopefully the maintenance staff can keep this property in good shape in the years to come.Thank you for your comments. So glad you enjoyed your visit. The staff is very helpful and friendly to all our guests. All or our guests a can enjoy the fresh Hot breakfast every morning. We now offer bike rentals on site, biking around Key West is a great way to explore the Island. Thanks for staying with us
Stayed here Sunday July 16th and what a nice place ! Angel, the Front Office Manager was very warm and welcoming at check in. Our room was very clean from the headboards, to the PTAC filters to the bathroom.....very very good housekeeping department at this property ! Breakfast was very good and the front desk lady at check out asked how our stay was and was very cordial. Lobby and common areas are clean and well maintained. Great jobTo the General Manager and his talented staff ! Dear LintonManager,Thank you for taking the time to Review our Hotel. We are very Happy that you had a Great Stay and enjoyed our Breakfast and is always Great to see Comments regarding our Staff.. We hope to see you back in Key West very soon for another Great stay.Sincerely,Eric B - Hotel Manager
This was probably one of my least favorite hotel stays ever. The rooms were cleanish, though there was pink mold all over the shower in the bathroom. Had to ask to get the room cleaned. The pool is literally on Roosevelt Boulevard, so you cannot escape the sound of traffic driving by. Not relaxing at all. Worst though was the front desk: every time I went there there would be two people behind the desk and yet only one working, answering phones and dealing with guests at the same time. Took forever to check in, get pool towels, get an extra key... Probably would not stay here again unless desperate.Dear tdeluzuraga,Thank you for taking the time to Review our Hotel. I want to apologize for not being up to the standards that a Marriott should be. I thank you for the all the comments you provide and will be sharing to the rest of my Team so that we can give attention to these details. We take all reviews very seriously so that we may better serve our guests. Please let me know if I can do anything for you in the future.Sincerely,Eric B - Hotel Manager
Room was great and quiet especially since it was spring break!!! Taxi service is excellent! Try all the bars great food and drinks pool is great! Prices are very competitive Key west is a great vacation to have laughs and snorkel and enjoy the beautiful waters and the greenery. Also the cemetery is so interesting..
I've found that this Fairfield Inn is usually among the most reasonably priced hotels in it's 3 star class in Key West, and that means you get a solid value for price paid at a very nice hotel with no resort fee. This is a place where I would not hesitate to bring my family.The hotel is new within the last year and offers rooms that either face the parking lot or an inner courtyard. The grounds are well maintained and parking is included and plentiful (a plus for Key West). My King NonSmoking room was large and nicely decorated in a modern motif. I was on the ground floor, but there are elevators if I was on the 2nd floor. There is a 47 inch tv with a good choice of cable channels, a desk and comfortable chair, a modern armoire, microwave and small fridge but no freezer, and coffee maker. Wifi was good. The bathroom had a large glass shower with subway tile and a large stone vanity countertop. The modern style door is of the sliding barn door type. The bed was very comfortable and I slept well. The only caveat is that the A/C unit was on the loud side (57 decibels), but I always bring ear plugs, so it didn't bother me. Breakfast was from 6-10 am with scrambled eggs, waffles, sausage patties, assorted breads, cereals, juices. The breakfast room resembles a nice restaurant and very comfortable. There are also tables outside if the weather permits. I also noticed that there was a security guard making hallway rounds on a regular basis after sunset. I really like this hotel and I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a pleasant experience at a reasonable price. I will definitely return.Thank you for your comments and the details of your review. So glad you were pleasantly surprised by our amazing hotel. Thank you for staying with us and hope to see you back soon.
Rooms were very clean and nicely furnished, window A/C kind of noisy. Breakfast is included, water with coffee in it, and the scrambled were pretty flat. They should just give it a little more, that's all. Pool and hot tub open 24 hours I believe.Dear KenSanFrancisco,Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel. it is always good to get feedback from our guest, so that we can make things better for all over our guests. I am glad that you enjoyed the room and hope that we see you back in Key West soon.Sincerely,Eric B - Hotel Manager
We were upgraded and the roomWas nice. It was on the highway but the noise was minimal. Breakfast was very good! They provide a paying shuttle (21 a day PP) to Mallory Square. It stops at three other hotels first. One time it was already full when it arrived so we had to wait for a second shuttle. Coming back the shuttle was packed. Even though there are signs that clearly state no standing, they packed us in like sardines. The driver Tommy D even allowed passengers to sit on the steps! This was too dangerous and should not be permitted! I would NOT recommend the shuttle, the Old Time Trolley has a pickup two blocks away, I would use this as it is cheaper and they charge 10 PP for the second day. Cheaper!!! Only problem is the last stop is at 5 PM. I am told Taxi's are fairly cheap! They need to get Uber on the island!I would return!Thank you for sharing your experience. We appreciate your business and value your honest feedback. Your comments have been shared with the hotel team as a critical way of understanding how we can deliver exceptional service to guests like you. Thank you for staying at The Keys Collection and we hope you choose to create more memories with us whenever your travels bring you back to Key West.
I cant tell you how many times my husband and I stopped by the Concierge desk. Each time we got great help. Donna, Nikki, and Joey helped us with Restaurants, sight-seeing, and much more. Without their help, we would not have had nearly as good a visit. It was obvious that Donna and Joey had lived there for years, and that Nikki the newcomer loved it just as much. We are delighted to hear your stay was enjoyable at the Keys Collection! Donna the rest of the gang have been working and playing on our little island for years with endless knowledge of Key West. Thank you for your kind words and we look forward to welcoming you back!
This was my first time here, surely won't be the last. I had the pleasure to meet a very welcoming group of people. I was very satisfied with my service, especially from Ines, the amazing bartender! She was very friendly and carried an excellent conversation! I hope to be back here sooner, rather than later! Lol!Thank you for taking the Time to Review our Hotel. I am always happy to hear about our staff and the Service that they Provide to our Guests. I am glad that you had an Excellent stay with us. And we too, hope you will be back sooner then later.Thank you again,Eric B - Hotel Manager
We stayed here several nights in late April. Key West hotels are very expensive and this is a good value for the area. That said, it is still expensive and the rooms average. Our room was clean, quiet, good size, with a microwave and refrigerator. We were in the third building on the parking lot side and did not have street noise. There is a guest laundry, nice pool area, plenty of free parking, a good complimentary breakfast. The staff was friendly and very helpful. As others have mentioned, the hotel is a couple miles from town and too far to walk in the heat. We drove into town and parked at the garage. Thank you very much for taking the time to review our property. We take all reviews seriously so that we can better serve our guests. We agree that we are a little far for the night life and the other action of the island. With that as of May 1st we have added a shuttle service to get our Guests to and from the Old Town Area. There is a small charge per day, but it at a better rate then a taxi service our Parking. I hope that you had a relaxing time while you were here in Key West and hope that you come back soon.Sincerely,Eric B - Hotel Manager
Steve the Bartender was very knowledgable about the local area and he had many restaurants to recommend, so many local restaurants to us, it was so hard to choose from. We decided to eat at The restaurant Hogfish. He also gave us a ten percent coupon to us for our meal. He also makes the BEST Pia Coladas. Great bartender at poolside..Thank you for your comments. Steve is an amazing team member. He welcomes all of our guests with great libations and wonderful ideas on what to see and explore on the Island. Thanks for staying with us.
The Hotel is pretty new, but they still need a lot to work on it to have born a real Hotel first the buildings supposed to have numbers but they don't have any, results when we had the room keys we lost 15 minutes figuring out which was building 4, and after found it we needed to go up stairs because the only elevator was very far from our parking spot . Following another huge fall of this Hotel was the designer of the spaces of the parking lot , whoever did it really didn't go to the class to learn the right measuring of spaces, there were very small parking spots , others a little bigger but not enough for a SUV , and finally all occupied were a few normal space where SUV or Vans could park, that was a real nightmare for our parking every night when returned to the Hotel and it was full, the rooms and bathroom are ok on space BUT the worse is the breakfast, they claim to serve free one and it is SOOOOOOOO bad that they better don't offer it, eggs cold, there was a waffle maker but there was NOT honey or syrup for it , the toaster worked poorly , the coffee bad taste CONCLUSION we were three days and just one on that horrible breakfast . The location is far from the action and energy that you want when visiting a place like Key WestThank you for taking the time to share your feedback, we apologize for any inconveniences you experienced while staying with us. We appreciate your comments and concerns, they allow us the opportunity to make improvements where needed.I especially apologize for your experience with breakfast, and can assure you these issues have been addressed.
We had such a successful trip to key west and the hotel played a big part. The room, pool and breakfast were all spot on and the service was second to none. Whether it was the reception desk staff or the fantastic concierge Jamie who particularly shone in our view. She was helpful, extremely knowledgeable and just plain thoughtful. Would definitely recommend Dear Heather T,Thank you for taking the time to review our Hotel. I am Happy to see that you had a Great trip to Key West and that our Hotel and Staff was a big part of it. We hope that you come back to Key West Soon!Sincerely,Eric B - Hotel Manager
Everything from the check-in front staff to the room was great. No major complaints. The only complaint I have is the continental breakfast is lacking a selection. I know it is a free continental breakfast but I have stayed at other hotels that had a very nice selection of food and were cheaper and then the second morning they had run out of orange juice by 8:00am. Even with these little thigs I still would stay there again.Thank you for your comments and feedback. I am sorry to hear we ran out of OJ. I will look into our ordering system to make sure this does not happen again. Thanks for staying with us. Hope to see you back soon.
If you are looking for a reasonably priced place to stay in Key West, that is BRAND NEW, in a location that makes it easy to get around to New Town and Old Town, go here! Everyone was very nice and efficient. The hotel had only been open one week when we visited. We were the first ones to use the room! Nice pool area. Great complimentary breakfast. Plenty of parking and on a major street that makes it easy to get between the Old and New Towns of Key West. We stayed mid week for 180 including taxes. Everyplace else on the web for mid week was 235 and older. This entire area is under construction and going to be part of a Keys Collection theme with more hotels and restaurants. Good place, great people, good value!Thank you for your comments. So glad you enjoyed your visit. No need to stay elsewhere with Free Breakfast and plenty of Free Parking. The staff is excited to welcome you back on your next visit. Thanks for staying with us.
Chris (and Eddie) at the front desk were quite the ambassadors for Best Western. Clearly the position is his vocation and not just a job. Chris was polite, patient and helpful to guests. He helped direct us and solved a minor problem for us. It was an excellent stay and we will be coming back again prior to our next... More
We stayed here because we like Best Western. It offered a shuttle to the Miami Port and that worked out great. Check in was fast and friendly. Our room was nice and the bed and pillows were really comfortable. The not so great part was the location of the room being a few doors from the main lobby. A loud... More
Was going on a cruiose and stayed here for a night. The staff was very friendly and was there to answer all my questions. The location was great for my stay and was closed to the ships terminal great time
Drove in from New York on my way to the keys. My wife was flying in later that night and we choose this location as it was close to the airport. First the good stuff. Hotel was easy to find and as I mentioned a good location. The place seems on the newer side and was check in was fast... More
The hotel lobby and guest room was very clean and comfortable. I have to point out so that we had a suite. The bed was very nice and we got a good nights sleep. The room was rather large and very spacious with a separate sitting area. Restroom was clean. The hotel offers free parking for their guests but no... More
As a Best Western rewards customer, my default choice when it comes to hotels will usually be BW location. I needed a place to stay overnight before embarking on a cruise the next day, and this hotel was ideal: it's close to Miami International Airport, offers a free shuttle from the airport, and has a restaurant/bar on the premises. And... More
Well, after a nightmare of a trip, flight wise, and 3 overnights paid for by the airline in 3 different cities, we stayed in this hotel. Very nice. Clean, attractive, comfortable bed, great pillows. Only complaint was Miami tap water tastes terrible (not the hotel's fault) also the in-house restaurant seemed to be out of many of the items on... More
upon arrival, the girl at the front desk was very nice and let us check in early (1pm vs 3pm) so that was very nice. everything was going well until the second day. waitstaff for breakfast was SO RUDE! there was this young guy there who was absolute miserable and not friendly at all. did not offer us juice, gave... More
After checking in, we went to the pool. We noticed that there were no pool towels so we dripped our way back to our room. In the room, we were surprised that there were no bath towels, only a few hand towels. I called the front desk and they told me they didn't have any dry towels, but would send... More
We were recently stranded in Miami due to a blizzard. Luckily, we were able to get a booking here. I cannot compliment the staff behind the desk enough. They are the most pleasant accommodating young people I have met in a long time. Nothing was too much for them, from taking our bags to a check room to calling taxis... More
I was very happy with this hotel when we arrived, we booked through Expedia and got complimentary water chocolate the room looked great, clean and comfy. The pizza guy got in and there were menus under the door, toilet roll made to look like a flower. Then the fiasco over lotion started. We get into the room about midnight/12.30ish... More
Angel and Luis were very professional and helpful when checking in to the hotel. They were friendly to my children and very welcoming. The room was very clean and pool was great. All staff was kind and courteous. I recommend this hotel. Quaint and quiet. Great customer service!
My favorite Hyatt. Beautiful lobby, stunning grounds, amazing service. Gorgeous views of Tampa Bay..and an absolutely pristine property. Only accolades! Easy check in....Jelly beans at front desk along with a competent ,efficient staff. Pet friendly casitas offer spacious clean villas set behind the main hotel. The walk from main lobby to our casita took about 5 minutes...along nature trails complete... More
Check in was smooth and efficient and friendly. I was a bit early. The front desk offered me the chance to wait for an upgraded room but I chose to take the room that was available. Room was spacious and clean with a decent if unspectacular view (I assume an upgraded room on a higher floor would have had a... More
What a GREAT hotel! I was thoroughly pleased with the accomodations at this hotel. I stayed on the top floor (14). The views were stunning! One of the many on site restaurants was also located on the 14th floor but was never distracting. The rooms are really spacious and NICE. Bed was comfortable, water was hot and just a great... More
Right on the water. Large, clean rooms. Breakfast buffet was reasonably priced and the bar menu adequate. Valet staff efficient and fast. three minute walk across the bridge from the Convention Center and five minutes from the arena.
There is a reason this is called The Grand Hyatt Tampa. It is a refined hotel, that I wish I hand been able to spend a second night at. I had wanted to see the preserve, which because of the late flight, did not happen. It is a wonderful place to do site photography. I look forward to staying at... More
This hotel is beautiful. I visited for a conference so I spent a lot of time here as I both stayed and attended the conference at this hotel. I interacted with the staff a great deal as we had meals, visited the concierge, talked to the desk attendants, etc on a daily basis and I can say that they are... More
Took my wife to see Andrea Bocelli for Valentine's Day and needed a nice place to stay for two nights. We were greeted immediately by Joseph and another gentlemen. Very helpful and friendly. We were early for our check-in, but the front desk found us a room within 5 minutes. The room was extremely nice and clean. Water was complimentary.... More
This place is very close to the airport and is roughly 15 mins to half an hour almost anywhere in the city (and a bit farther for the beaches). The hotel itself is very well maintained with clean rooms and friendly staff. Our room was on the 10th floor near the elevators and you couldn't hear anything. As always a... More
We only stayed one night as it was a stop-over to our next destination. I was very please with the accommodations and the service. We arrived late due to horrible traffic but the staff was great and the check-in and check-out was very quick and easy. If traveling again well definitely stop here again!
From arriving to departing the staff at this hotel was nothing but Top Notch. Excellent customer service that Hyatt Hotels are known for. The property to which this hotel resides is also Top Notch. Beautiful all around.
We enjoyed our stay at the Grand Hyatt. I am thankful that we had a discounted rate as I don't believe I would have been happy paying 250 for the room we had with a view of the highway. We didn't get a bay view because there wasn't a room available for us that was away from the elevators. The... More
Great location, great venue. Staff was very friendly and professional, room was large, clean and well laid out. Great area for my morning long run-right up the bay. It was beautiful and a nice break from the cold weather back home. Will stay here again next visit.
Compared to double tree tampa bay this hotel is not that great. Pool is very small and rooms are smaller as well. but ambient is great with great restaurants located in the hotel. Has nice walkway around the back of the hotel to lagoon and its soothing after busy and tired day.
I stay here when I'm in town on business and I have not been disappointed. The service, from front desk to morning breakfast to the bartender at the small bar at night, all has been exceptional. The food in the morning has been great, and my rooms have always been clean and smell nice. The hotel lobby is kept clean... More
Not sure how in the world this is a Hilton hotel or even why Disney allows them to be an official representing hotel. To make it worse there were other customers complaining. It had nothing to do with the pool remodeling. Mold smell and unkept rooms. We got moved to 3 rooms and finally decided to check out!
Stayed here one night before a flight out of Sanford Airport - it looks big and pretty, but it's a huge pain to get in and out of this hotel. They want you to pay for parking, so the free lot is a half mile from the front door and elevators. We had to walk almost 10 minutes through the... More
Booked 2 nights, downtown disney view (disney springs). The view was great, the room looked just like the picture on the website.From my room I could see a couple of different firework shows each night. Also had a good view of the construction site, but it was the weekend so no one was working, there was no noise. Disney springs... More
Stayed with the wife for a weekend getaway. Parking is a bit far from rooms unless you valet. There is construction going on right now whereas they are upgrading to a new pool area to replace the small pool they currently have. We found our two-room suite to be quite spacious and clean. The bedding was comfortable. We visited the... More
Hotel very clean and comfortable. Within walking distance to Disney Springs. Shuttle service to the parks definatly not up to Disney standards. Conference room was nice and professional. Room was nice. A/c had to be very cold. If not, rooms became very humid. Would stay here again.
So I've actually written good reviews about this hotel before. I first started going here 7 years ago and back then it was great. During the years they kept getting bought out by new companies and every time it went under new management it would be more and more cheap and the quality would go down each time I visited... More
Visited this hotel some years ago and enjoyed it, they had a very nice continental breakfast with tables for self-seating. This visit not so great, when we arrived there was construction on the large pool area for renovations which we were not advised of before booking, but they did allow access to the spa pool (small pool). Maid service would... More
This hotel is currently undergoing renovations... So there is construction going on during the day. But it stops at 5:30 pm, so it didn't effect us a bit! (Most guests are out doing the Disney attractions during the day). The Hotel staff were extremely nice and helpful! We had a problem caused by Hotwire... And Deyse at the front desk... More
We stayed at the Buena Vista Palace for five nights the first week of June. We were in room 654 not in the really tall tower, but the little tower next to it. The staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful! We did not use any of the hotel facilities like pools, spas, or even the exercise room. Mostly, because we... More
The Hotel is in a great location near Interstate 4 and Vineland Avenue. It is near the Disney Hotels on Hotel Boulevard. If you do not Valet Park it is a little bit of a walk to the Hotel. The rooms are nice and clean and cool with a ceiling-fan. The have an amazing Breakfast in the Letter Press Restaurant.... More
This hotel is currently under renovations in the lobby area so they have set up a temporary front desk in the convention center. Check in went quick and easy. There are none of the tower guest rooms affected by this. The room was clean and had a very nice view with a balcony. The bed was very comfortable and the... More
I believe Hilton just bought this property and are in the process of renovating it. And it sure needs it. Everything feels and looks old and worn. Good location though. The property is huge and laid out kinda weird. Self parking is (what seems like) two miles away. You've got to walk through a set of banquet rooms to get... More
We had booked a king bed room, but when we checked in, they were all filled up. The counter staff graciously upgraded us to a suite that overlooked Disney Springs. The suite had large master bathroom with separate shower and tub, another half bathroom, and a separate living room with a couch and another TV.
We just stayed here while my husband was on business, and we brought the family to join since it's a great family location. While the room was clean and available for early check-in with a cranky baby, the rest of the place seemed very run down. We were also extremely disappointed to find out when we arrived that the main... More
This review is the average of the two rooms my family stayed at on this property. Our first room was terrible. The first thing you notice was the smell of the room. It smelled as bad as a mildew basement. The walls looked as if it was a patchwork of wall paper. Its only redeeming feature was the comfortable bed... More
This is probably my toughest review. I stayed here on a recent business trip. If you are going to Disney World with family, I would definitely stay on property. Too many benefits of staying on property including free parking at the parks, early/late entrance. If you are a couple, young or old and have a rental vehicle, and/or on a... More
Painting in progress Good linen/bed,older furniture breakfast-Good,2min to/FL parkway. Would come back-OK!Dear Valued Guest,Thank you for taking time out of your day to write us a review we appreciate your feedback. Do keep in mind that there are improvements yet to come, as we are currently undergoing renovations. And with our favorable proximity to highways, shopping, restaurants, and attractions we are be much better equipped to serve the growing needs of our valued guests such as yourself. Thank you once again and we hope to see you soon.
We found the Baymont Inn Suites through the list of Wyndham family of hotels, since we are Wyndham Rewards members and were looking to increase our points. Since we only needed a room for one night (less than 12 hours total) and for us and our 2 kids, we didn't need much, but they had a King suite with two rooms and a hideaway. This suited our needs. Unfortunately, the end result wasn't worth the money we paid for the room.To begin, the hotel is situated immediately next door to a local Mexican restaurant, and we got the feeling the hotel staff and the restaurant staff hang out often together in the hotel lobby or near the front desk when business is slow. There seemed to be a definite camaraderie with friendly conversation taking place when I checked in. To be fair, it was after 11pm when we arrived, and I know this changes the look and feel of a property.Checkin was smooth and easy and our room was in the main building on the 2nd floor. No elevators, though, so we had to lug 3 large suitcases and our 4 carry-on bags upstairs and down the hall without a cart. Also, just past the front desk and before the stairs there was a small room with a glass window and open door full of miscellaneous boxes, materials, and other paraphernalia, giving it a haphazard appearance.Once we arrived at our room, the key showed green but the door wouldn't open. We learned we needed to turn the handle up instead of down due to a low-battery keyed entrance.From the pictures on the web site, the rooms appeared much larger than they really are. Main room had mini-fridge, microwave on a counter, 2 chairs and a hideaway couch right next to each other, and a single dresser on which the TV sat, all in close proximity with not much room to move once the bed was unfolded. The entrance into the king bedroom was an opening which looked like they took duplicate rooms and cut a hole in the wall, because it was a mirror-reflection of the main room. The only difference is there was a closet area with no door and a king bed. No extra pillows or blankets, and the pillows on the king bed immediately flattened, thereby lacking support. The bed itself was quite hard and unforgiving.The rooms were clean, and the windows had nice treatments, but the lacks in other areas overshadowed that. If you're looking for an affordable stay with sufficient continental breakfast and basic amenities, this place would work. Plus, there are Wyndham Rewards points for your stay!
You never know what you're going to get. Pro: Nice, clean room. Con: Little ol' stain on pillowcase. Pro: TV. Con: TV reception reminded me of growing up in rural Kansas. Pro: Free Wireless internet Con: Kind of slow, but not bad. Pro: fitness center. Con: Two of the four machines didn't work. Pro: quiet room. Con: Curtains don't block all outside light. Pro: Nice continental breakfast. Con: None, Food was fresh and ample. Complimentary USA Today.It's overall a good value for the money. Ordered through Priceline, except that I rec'd a smoking room although I didn't ask for one. Maybe I clicked on something by mistake when ordering. I liked the pillows. They give you two different pillows with different thickness on the same bed. Evening staff was nice and professional. There is a very big pool and the area was nicely landscaped around it. All the outside doors are supposed to be only opened by a room key but I did not see any one them actually working when I was there. Perhaps they lock them late at night and release them early in the morning. I didn't see any unsavory characters hanging around.There's a refrigerator and microwave, as I recall. It's close to shopping and airport.
we booked this hotel via hotwire, the only thing good about this hotel was the location, it was very close to the disney world area, the quality of the hotel was poor, parking lot dirty, room smelled HORRIBLE, the ac stopped working in the middle of the night, the breakfast was crappy. If you get it in a little late at night, there is no parking available with some lighting only spots out back in the dark. would NEVER go back.
When I check in my room 150 it's non smoking room. When I open the door cigarets smell and worst tolet and AC don't work and I call front desk and said my AC is not working at 2:30am. Front desk person named melo he said they is no more rooms and said if I'm not happy check out at 2:30am with my family and every Time my son should go get towels everyday worst Maintance and worst front desk persons and I give compliant no response from duty manger. I guess duty manger have no responsibly to make guests happy in that motel. Make sure if they is no guests no motels in the worldI most certainly do apologize that we were unable to find you suitable accommodations, and of course we would not like for you and your family to check out at 2 in the morning. Clearly this type of service is not up to the standard we set for ourselves and this desk clerk you mentioned is no longer at our property. Again, i apologize for the inconveniences.
First off, I am reading reviews of people who have never stayed here. Lots of nit picking and lies. This is not a resort or Waldorf Astoria. It's a Baymont, its like on par with a Hampton Inn but at half the cost. This location on South Orange Blossom Trail is in a heavily built up commercial area. Heavy traffic, next to highways, and great retail shops. Best Buy, Nordstrom, Apple, Barnes and Nobles, The Florida Mall with 270 shops plus a hotel. Ghetto, I think not. The Millenia mall which is around 5 miles away is the ritzy mall, that was opened surrounded by a ghetto, but is doing quite well. Baymont has a great location. Next to mall, close to airport, close like 5 to 10 minutes from universal and seaworld, Disney is around 20 minutes. After spending time at the parks(Disney,Universal, Seaworld) you go out to the many restaurants of Orlando or go back to plop in the room for the next day. The rooms are clean, linens fresh, bathroom clean. Beds for some reason are excellent, very comfortable( I checked they are from Serta) Rooms are quiet. No complaints. Breakfast was just like ok, I like to go out to like IHop or Dennys on vacation, I am not into these FREE breakfast that people are hoarding like some incredible buffet. Hint easy entrance to get into on Landstreet(no waiting) Also its nice to have a 7-11 within walkin distance (2 minutes) from hotel for your latenight nosh.
1st the air didn't work. 2nd the bolt lock didn't work. 3rd there is a very sickly looking boy cat who someone should take to the vet, they said it has lived there 10 yrs and its super skinny, its skin is dry and bumpy and its missing hair. The rooms were dirty, pub on the toliet seat, black specks of something on the sheets. One of the people in my group burned their hand on the waffle maker and the front desk didn't have a first aid kit, told me to go to gas station next door. Wouldn't recommend it.Dear Valued Guest,Thank you for your constructive feedback. Our intent is to give great quality at minimal cost to you our valued guest. We ask that you please bare with us as we continue to improve the quality of our hotel while we are undergoing renovations. Our ultimate goal is to provide all of our guests with enjoyable, and memorable stays! So we look forward to having an opportunity to make your next stay just that! Thank you for your patience once again and we hope to see you soon.
What an absolute gem of a hotel. I'm so glad that I didn't take heed to any of the other reviews that I've read regading this place. The check-in was smooth and the staff were top-notch professionals. The room was enormous and more important it was immaculate. My family and I stayed here during my son's spring break which was March 26 to April 2nd. A week of total bliss. The landscaping was so lush and tropical it was almost like going to a botanical garden. They get an A+ on this aspect alone. The hotel was so convenient to everything. The Florida mall was about a fifteen minute walk away and the variety in that mall was overwhelming and astounding. The area of the hotel was totally commercial not residental which made me feel very secure and safe. The breakfast was ample even though the place was croded beyond belief. The area around the pool was so clean and I could see that the deck was freshly painted. The pool was cool, refreshing and overall just delightful. I espcecially like the fact that there were benches for people to sit on all throughout the property, even at the front entrance as you come in. I will definitely be recommending this hotel as well as coming back to this hotel int he future.This review is On The Money......We Love you too! Come back soon...Your the reason we get up in the morning and shine! We love you too!Please come back again real soon...........
The hotel was nice, it was in a nice area down the street from mall close to highways and Walmart. I rated this place poor because I stayed two nights I didn't have hot water until around 9pm the second night. I had to go to a girlfriends to shower. The police also was having a sting all day and all night so that was scary.
it was clean and for the price cant really sat anything bad over all it was a good place to stay inLuis, Thank you for staying with us here at the Baymont Inn Suites FL Mall. We strive to give each guest the best experience at reasonable prices. We hope to see you again in the future.
Hi, my family and I were having a vacation at Walt Disney World so I decided to stay in Baymont Hotel only for it's photos that can be found online because there was a lot of hotels with the same price per night in the city. First, there was a misunderstanding of the people that made my reservation that were more focused in grabbing your money out of your pocket than helping and listening to the guest. They were pushing me so hard to reserve a room instantly that they did not hear when I said 2 nights. When I got to the hotel, The front desk agent helped me to get another night that wasn't in the reservation. The hotel was nothing to do with the online photos. The carpet was old, stained, dusty, and had bad odors the Lobby was dark. When I got to the room It was disappointed. The whole room stink, the carpet was all dirty and stained. The furniture old and scratched. Bathroom with hair in the floor, towels with holes. Beds were full size not queen. Pillows small and flat. Also I visited the pool which was dirty and with tree leafs in the bottom. I took breakfast in the morning it was small, No eggs, sausage, bacon, milk, only a basic breakfast. What I did like was the quietly of the room the friendly staff, nothing else. I will not come back again to this hotel, and I can not recommend it to anybody. Sorry, that's the very true. Sincerely Mr. Morales ( Security Manager of MIA Hotel)Dear Valued Guest,Thank you for your constructive feedback. Our intent is to give great quality at minimal cost to you our valued guest. We ask that you please bare with us as we continue to improve the quality of our hotel while we are undergoing renovations. Our ultimate goal is to provide all of our guests with enjoyable, and memorable stays! So we look forward to having an opportunity to make your next stay just that! Thank you for your patience once again and we hope to see you soon.
We have stayed at this motel before so when we came back to the area we stayed again. For the price, its a very nice motel. The room was spacious and clean, the bed was very comfortable, the breakfast had a good variety of food. We were not disappointed at all and when we come back to the area, we will definately stay there again.
In my life I had stayed at a hotel so dirty, I thought it would be of good quality and cheap service because it was easy compared to others that cost 49.50, this cost 69.50. Trip with my dog and was charged a fee of 10.00 which is very expensive because I sent a special area for dogs that was dirty, the habitaccion smelled musty and the carpets and walls were filthy, the bathroom was very dirty too, and had ticks, not to mention the color that had curtains instead of white had gone grayI think do not clean those rooms long ago. breakfast they offer is terrible and of poor quality. I was in this hotel the day Tuesday 05 June to 06 2012.
Greeted by both friendly shuttle driver and front desk staff. Juan went through every detail about the hotel and was able to assigned a spacious room for our early check-in. The room was fairly clean. The washroom needs some upgrade.....The deeper side of the pool was much deeper than I thought, so be careful with kids while playing. The breakfast was satisfied for the rate we paid. The free on-time airport shuttle was a very good bonus. Overall a good affordable hotel to stay before flight. Reminder: there's no elevator in this hotel!
This hotel is horrible for so many reasons that I don't even know where to begin. The location is on a very busy street called Orange Blossom Trail. When we arrived, we needed to make a left turn in order to get to the parking lot of the Hotel. Making that left turn seemed nearly impossible and very dangerous! The traffic on Orange Blossom makes getting in and out of the parking lot seemingly impossible and we almost had an accident! We checked into room 284...on the 2nd floor and had tons of luggage because we were in town for a Fashion Show. Low and behold, the hotel has NO elevators! What!! How do you operate a hotel that has a second floor with no elevators The guy at the front desk almost laughed out loud when he told us there were no elevators...not because it was funny but because he too, thought it was ridiculous! We had to lug heavy bags up the stairs only to get there and find that the room was horrible. There was a musty moisture in the air as soon as we walked in and the room felt very stale and unclean. The walls had been caulked to fill in several holes and I do mean SEVERAL HOLES but they didn't even attempt to match the paint. The wall was painted yellow but the caulked portion was painted over with orange. The sheets and comforters on both beds had yellow stains and brown stains all over. The carpet was stained, possibly with urine because it smelled heavy with urine near the stain. The bathroom looked very old and cheaply constructed with peeling paint and stained walls. The hotel was pet friendly but I don't think they spray regularly for fleas because we all had flea bites after only being in the room for a few hours. The halls smelled really bad and especially in the stairwells. One huge thing that stood out was that there were several young women, dressed very scantily, walking up and down the street in the area near the hotel in the late evenings. I do believe there was heavy prostitution in the area and this hotel and other hotels in the area are used for that purpose. We decided that we could not sleep comfortably in this hotel and checked out the same night. The weekend that we were in town was a busy weekend due to the All Star event so most hotels were booked solid. We searched and searched and found a hotel with only one room left! We booked it, packed up and high tailed it out of there! Ended up approximately 2 miles away at a Hampton Inn Suites where we re-showered, and slept comfortably in clean beds! Never again will I stay at a Baymont! We booked here for two reason...because the group we were in town for had blocked several hotels for their fashion show and this was one of them and number two, because most hotels in the area were already sold out. I will never stay at a Baymont EVER again!
This was a last minute family trip just to get away from the house. This was one of the very best locations I have ever stayed at in Orlando, and Orlando is a regular family get away location for us. The staff was wonderful, the room was phenomenal. I would absolutely recommend this location and will make this a regular place to stay in the future. It is right where you need to be, close to everything and at an amazing rate. Hello,Thank you for your rave review. We look forward for a return visit to our property from you and your family. Customer satisfaction is our focus. Thank you for choosing us to make your vacation brighter.
Okay, let me be clear. I stayed here because I needed something cheap near airport for 8:50 flight. Price was great. That's good. First floor room was adequate, no problem, but lite came through corner of cortain which was annoying. The problems: Noisy hallway. Was woken up twice. Sorry, I guess, but it happens. Biggest problem: left wake up call for six a.m., called front desk to confirm, and added a second call at 6:10. No problem, except neither call came. Woke up at 7. Now that's a problem. Threw on clothing and unhooked my phone from bathroom electric....the socket was dead. Great. Two strikes. Ran through front lobby, and said to desk clerk the problem. She was skeptical and not at all empathetic. She said they have a system that doesn't make mistakes. She is wrong. Dead wrong. Couldn't argue. Ran to car, sped to airport, missed plane. Morale of the story. Stay down the street for 20 bucks more and get woken up on time.
Left my IPad at the motel, but did not miss until I was out of the state. After the front desk verified the IPad was found, I was told by Mohomad the procedure to follow to retrieve the item. I did as I was instructed, and the motel packed the box forwarded to them, contacted UPS for a delivery, and... More
Loved our stay at Hilton Garden Inn Key West. The room was huge with two huge double beds in! A lovely tourist information guy who exceeds himself with forthcoming knowledge of the Key West area located in the hotel lobby. Perfect place for romantic get...More
We needed to be at Florida Hospital very early in the morning so decided to spend the night. The location is extremely convenient for the hospital, literally across the street, it is also very close and very easy to get to the Park Ave area of Winter Park.We highly recommend staying here especially if you have to use the hospital. Remember if you are a patient you get a discount, the hospital will give you the documentation you need.Thank you for the nice review and for choosing the Comfort Suites. We are the closest hotel to the Florida Hospital and take pride in serving our mutual guests. We hope you are doing well!
My family and I spent a two week vacation at this hotel an could not have asked for better.The room was spacious, immaculate and very comfortable with excellent amenities. The hotel offer a complimentary breakfast with a wide choice of food to set you up for a busy day ahead. The pool and gym area were great and were in use until late which was excellent as a way of unwinding after a day at the parks, my favourite being the hot tub in the evening, which was hot, hot, hot,The location of the hotel is perfect. A two minute walk to the hustle and bustle of international drive, with all it's attractions and the i-ride, but just far enough away for a peaceful nights sleep.All staff at the hotel were very friendly and helpful, nothing was too much trouble. A HUGE special thank-you to Jennifer on reception for going that extra mile when helping me organise my trip to Miami, and to Ravin and Alain for your help with my return flights.We hope to return next year and would recommend the hotel to anyone planning a holiday to Orlando.Thank you for taking the time to write such a kind review. We are delighted that you enjoyed our newly renovated hotel and great location. It is so nice that you mentioned our staff members by name. We are very proud of our team and will be sure to share your nice comments with them.
The Comfort Suites Downtown Orlando is generally what you'd expect from a Comfort Suites. It is clean, with a great location a block off I-4. What made our stay at this hotel so enjoyable was the staff. From check-in, to breakfast, and especially the management, the staff here was helpful, friendly, and went out of their way to make exceed our expectations.We would like to thank you for taking the time to let us know how your stay was at our Comfort Suites.Feedback from our guests is very important to us and your input helps with our continuing efforts to provide excellent service and a great stay.Thank you so much for your business and we look forward to seeing you in the future.Kind Regards,
Very recently we were looking for a hotel near the Orlando Convention Center without having to pay an arm an a leg. We found the Comfort Inn Suites Universal at a very reasonable price and looked for reviews. As always, there were some good ones and some bad ones. We took the chance and we got the surprise of our life.As soon as we arrive, we knew we had made the right choice.Checking-in was like a breeze. We have heard that the higher floors were quieter and had a better view and even though we have already a room assigned, the reception person (Neil), gave us a room even closer to the corner.The room was not only attractive, but huge and very clean. 2 very were comfortable queen beds plus an area with a sofa-bed and a table.The location is great for the price. 1.5 km (1 mile) from the Convention Center, one block from International Drive, close to all kind of restaurants and stores.Breakfast (between 6.30 and 10 am) could be a little better. It's not bad, but every morning they have the same items.By far the highlight of this hotel is the staff. They'll go the extra mile to make sure you enjoy your stay. Kudos to Neil, Fuse and Orlando in the reception desk (if you need information, talk to them) and to the cleaning ladies which were always smiling and doing an excellent job. One morning we even saw the Manager (Alberto) cleaning the floor at the entrance of the elevators after a careless guest coming from breakfast, spilled some liquid and didn't do anything about it.The only down side is that the hotel receives large groups or tourists, and if one of these groups is having breakfast, you may be for a long wait.Like most Comfort Inn in the world, the service is superb. If you forgot any toiletry, all you have to do is ask for it.By far, one of the best hotel in the area for the price.We are going back to Orlando very soon, and we'll go back to the Comfort Inn Suites Universal ...... for more friendly and excellent service.CONGRATULATIONS!Thank you for taking the time to write such a kind review about your stay with us. It is so nice of you to recognize our wonderful staff. I will share your comments with all of them. We are looking forward to having you as our guest again in the near future.
I recently stayed here for 5 days and I felt so uncomfortable, I didn't use any of the amenities. I travel with my service dog and felt I was mistreated by the person working at the front desk. Rick P was very condescending and not at all welcoming. He basically called me a liar and asked inappropriate questions regarding my service dog. He was overall an arrogant person. I felt like I was a prisoner in this hotel for fear of being ridiculed by staff. Staff for the most part just wanted to get the job done and didn't have time for cordial interactions. Room was okay, nothing special about this hotel -- Overpriced for what it is. The first interaction I had was with Rick, so nothing that the hotel could offer could make that better. They should train their staff on how to act with people with disabilities. Since then, I've been to other hotels that have treated me and my dog 10 times better than this place. Won't stay at any of their branches again out of principle.I certainly appreciate you writing a survey regarding your stay with us. I was made aware of this situation and have since reviewed ADA policy in regards to service animals, with all my front desk staff. I'm sorry you felt uncomfortable while staying with us, that is certainly not our objective. We are a hotel that does not allow pets, but service animals are not considered Pets by the ADA. We like any other business, are required by law to allow all animals being identified as service animals entry into the building. I apologize if one of my staff members took the questions too far or simply didn't understand the policy. Feel free to contact me directly should you want to discuss this matter further. Thank you for staying with us!
We stayed here for three nights when visiting Universal and Sea World. From check-in to check-out everyone was very nice. The hotel is very well maintained and our room was very clean. The breakfast area can get a little crazy during the morning, but there...More
This is hands down the nicest, cleanest, friendliest comfort inn I've ever been to! After a wonderful desk clerk checked us in we ARRIVED in our modern clean well appointed room...then my son and I visited the pool! It was 56 degrees at 10pm....chilly by Florida standards....but that water was like a hot tub!! Absolutely the warmest heated pool ever, and the hot tub even better!!! Slept like a baby in the comfortable bed...typing this review before breakfast so I can't give an accurate review of that yet...too excited to sleep as we head to Universal today! Wonderful experience at Comfort Inn on Canada St!
Great surprise! Better than expected, we had a nice suite with 2 very comfortable queen beds and a sofa.Our room was clean and without any smell as mentioned in another reviews. It is a very good option for the price in this area close to Universal and walking distance to International drive. Nice staff.We will be back soon!Thank you for taking the time to write such a nice review about your stay with us. We hope you will be back soon!
I stayed at this hotel for business this past week! Upon arrival was greeted by two amazing and friendly front desk agent and I am so sorry I didn't get their names. Went to the room very spacious changed and went to dinner on advise from the front desk they gave me a great dinner spot. Came back and discovered a/c wasn't running cold called the front desk they said they were full and couldn't move me handled it well though and in the morning the GM already new I had a problem and offered to make it right it was nice to not have bring it up again. We asked for a late check out and the GM was very accommodating and made it happen even though they were sold out so thank you I know how difficult that can be! It was a great location and the breakfast was the best I have ever had even compared to the ones I pay for. Usually when I go to Orlando I stay at the Gaylord Palms for way to much but I like the service from now on I will be at the Comfort Suites They went above and beyond! Very Clean and great value pretty pool area Like I said I'll be back in two weeks to bring my kids during spring break and I'll be canceling my reservation at the Gaylord and staying there again and I recommend you do too!!!
Stayed 3 nights during our visit to Disney and Sea World. The location is great, back off International Drive, within walking distance of any Intl Drive attraction. There is a trolly stop (1.50 per ride) right in the front to take you to Sea World and Universal. The hotel offers a 20 per person shuttle to Disney World. We drove because the parking is only 15. I dont think the shuttle is worth it at all. The price for the hotel was the best i found in the area. it is a great deal for the price, clean rooms, large beds, pool for the kids. Large selection breakfast served daily. we had a different main course all 3 nights (sausage eggs, bacon omelettes, biscuits and gravy) along with the standard cereals, breads and yogurt. they do have waffle machines, but you have to wait in line. we went in the summer so it was always packed, but it is a great family place and price for your Orlando visit
We recently stayed at this hotel for nine nights and were extremely pleased with it. The location was great, just off International Drive but close to restaurants, shops and Universal.The staff at this hotel were all very friendly and nothing was too much trouble. The rooms were large with two queen size beds, a flat screen tv with several channels and a decent sized bathroom. The hotel was very clean. An added bonus was free wi-fi. There were free safety deposit boxes at reception if needed.The hotel had a small shop, fitness centre and laundry facilities. The pool was nice as was the little spa pool which was hot!!The complimentary breakfast was more than adequate with plenty of choice to suit all tastes. We stayed on the fifth floor and found this to be nice and quiet.I would definitely recommend this hotel for couples, families and for overnight stays for business. I would stay here again as this hotel offers very good value for money.Thank you for taking the time to write such a nice review. We are delighted that you enjoyed your visit and hope to see you again soon!
We booked this accommodation in February, and paid in May, but when we arrived there in June an extremely unhelpful receptionist threw us a piece of paper which stated they were overbooked and we would have to stay at the Quality Inn around a mile away.He then reluctantly gave us directions after being asked a few times. I know all hotels overbook but surely it's common courtesy to let you know before you arrive after a 9 hour flight and a couple of more hours getting through immigration, picking up a car and driving there.
We stayed here for 4 nights while going to Universal and Sea World. Hotel is close to both places. Large clean rooms with comfortable beds. Pleasant and friendly staff. Great free breakfast with lots of choices. Free internet and nice pool and whirlpool. Reasonably priced excellent quality hotel. I would stay here again! Very happy with everything about our hotel stay!Michelle S.Thank you for your kind review. We are so happy that you enjoyed your stay with us. It is always nice when guests take the time to share a good experience. We hope that you will visit us again soon!
For those of you that have read my reviews in the past, you know I don't pull any punches. I give my honest opinion, good or bad. We visited Orlando this week and needed a place to stay near Universal without breaking the bank. This hotel received numerous good reviews and the price was right, so we booked for 3 nights. To me, service makes all the difference, because most hotel rooms are generic. We are a family of four, and two Queen beds used to work just fine. My son is now twelve and is getting too big to sleep with. While at the front desk, we asked Alain if we could have some extra blankets to make a pallet for our son. He started tapping on his computer and I'm thinking why does he need to look on the computer to give us more blankets'. Turns out he was giving us the suite next to our existing room for no extra charge. My son felt like he had his own little apartment! Way to go Alain! Add comfy, clean beds, a nice pool/hot tub and decent breakfast and you get a reason to save hundreds of dollars while in Orlando. Two miles from Universal and twelve from Disney.
Comfort Suites Downtown is great. Writing this from the room before checking out.It's in an easy to get to location just off i4. There's a Panera Wendy's only a few steps away for food. Continental breakfast included omelets, corned beef hash, potatoes, blueberry or regular waffles, plus all the fruit, cereal, breads, etc.Room is great. Comfy, clean and roomy. Great bed and pillow. Love all the plugs for laptop and cell phone. Alarm clock radio even plugged into my iPhone and acted as a speaker.There's an outdoor pool and jacuzzi too. I didn't use it, but many people were enjoying it.No complaints here. Would stay here again for sure.Thank you for taking the time to tell us about your stay at our Comfort Suites. We appreciate your feedback since it helps us improve our service and your experience.You are a valued customer everything we do is aimed at providing you with an excellent stay at our hotel.I appreciate your business and hope to see you again in the near future.
No better example that this place. Room OK, but with a damp, musky stench. Housekeeping lost TV remote and management tells me numerous times that it's in the room. My hearing isn't what it used to be, but my eyesight is 20/20. They are understaffed and a few of the desk crew would rather be somewhere else. WiFI is really weak as well. Life's too short to settle for something like this.
Stayed at Comfort Inn for 2 weeks. Clean hotel with helpful staff. Room cleaned every day, plenty towel changes. Breakfast is complimentary with a selection for all does get repetitive but all hot and clean. If you are wanting a full English then go for one on I-drive. (free breakfast saves you time and money to get to parks quicker)Many reviews say no-where to sit, however we always found space and we were a family party of 8. If it was very busy they opened the side room.Taxi's - order from reception only use trusted companies.Free Shuttle - Universal and Islands of adventure-Take earlier bus from Hotel 7.55am this will ensure you make the most of your day at Universal. We got on all major attractions early morning and this enabled us to relax, stroll around to take the rest in.Disney Shuttle - Only one bus going for 10.35am (Disney parks are the busiest) this bus is ok for Epcot, Animal kingdom and water parks and late starts for evening shows, however for early starts use public buses on I-drive. Bus 8 The Lynx (make sure paw print is on bus stop) will take you to sea harbour drive from here take The Lynx bus 50 to ticket transportation then free shuttle to any Disney park. Magical Kingdom is a definite early starter. Free shuttle from Disney x3 check times. We got the 11.45pm one from magical kingdom which was a very good service for watching the shows. *this is the last bus and is only on if magic k is open until 11pm.SeaWorld and Aquatic we used I-trolley 2 dollars pp and 1 dollar per child.To get the free shuttle to busch gardens book at reception and this goes from CSI experience 5 minute walk from hotel.Local eateries - Chilli's, Tilted kilt, TGI Fridays, Denny's, CiCi's pizza, Perkins, Dunkin donuts....... just to name a few!Outlets are on either end of I - Drive - the one near seaworld is furthest away at stop 38 red line north I-trolley and the one closest to hotel is the biggest and you can again get I-trolley to bus stop number 1 located on I-drive going south same side as CiCi's.(can also catch the lynx 8 drops you off at slightly different stops either end.Top tipsIf have children and using public transport eat before you leave parks n case traffic busy.We took Robinsons cordial squishes and kept filling up our sports bottles in parks as it is all fizzy drinks. Fizzy drinks hyper kids!!All prams are asked to be folded on ALL transport so go ready.Be at any free shuttle 10 - 15 mins before due as they leave promptly and rightly so.Take poncho's everywhere you go.Buy one refill cup and keep returning to refill at universal and water parks and busch gardens. (again only fizzy pop)
Remodeled hotel. Generally clean. Free breakfast was a standard Orlando hotel free breakfast, decent and simple (bagels, yogurt, cereal, waffles).Only major con was that the bed sheets were dirty, especially the pillow cases.Thank you for taking the time to share your experience about your stay. We are very disappointed that we did not exceed your expectations which is our ultimate goal. Your comments are taken very seriously by our staff and we will address them with our housekeeping department. I only wish we had the opportunity to address your concerns when you were still staying with us. We hope to have the opportunity to have you as our guest again so we can show you how much our guest satisfaction means to all of us.
Stayed at this hotel for hotel management course. Was amazed by how helpful and friendly staff was. Room was perfect. Breakfast was great. I admired the way it was managed. It was a perfect example that met all standards and expectations as a choice hotel. My stay was so nice I almost forgot I was not on vacation. I was impressed.
Staff was awesome and helpful! Checked us in early and always smiled. I did notice that our room's bathroom fan was falling off the ceiling and notified the team. We were told maintenance would come look at it and take care of it. Well during our entire week there, it was not fixed. Not a big issue, just looked unprofessional. We also noticed our hair dryer holder from the wall was coming off. Breakfast menu is ok. Hot food changes every other day: scrambled eggs gravy with biscuits, scrambled eggs sausages. Lots of variety but after our third day...nah. Walking distance to International Drive, close to lots of gift shops and restaurants. Pool wasn't as clean, workout room was small and all old equipments (really need to upgrade), has a little snack shop by lobby, elevators are slow old and shuttle bus was good. Will stay again for our next visit.
The hotel offers free upgrade to suite, but that was not the case for us. It's okay since we got a great price. Wen we first checked in Paola, the desk clerk, could not find our reservation. Fernando, who was also behind the desk, was able to find it in no time. When I asked for the upgrade I was told there were no suites available. What bothered me was Paola's attitude when I asked. I am a new Choice member and I didn't asked for the upgrade, it was offered to me when I booked the room. Room was quiet and clean, but staff could be friendlier.
My husband was taken seriously ill whilst we were on holiday in Florida (From the UK) and admitted to the Florida Hospital Orlando right next door to this hotel. I stayed for 13 nights and my husband was with me for 9 nights following his surgery. I had no car (My husband did all the driving) so was relieved that there is a free shuttle which runs between the hotel and the hospital and is available upon request. Wendy's was right next to the car park and there is a 7 Eleven petrol station on the corner so I was able to get everything I needed. Having the fridge in the room and micowave was also very useful. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff whether it was getting extra pillows or faxing my insurance documents to the UK. What I needed most was kindness and I certainly got that from everybody we had dealings with. The rooms are a good size and I had a sofa for my husband to sit on and a desk where I could work. The showers are really good and the bath was most useful for my husband. The large King beds are out of this world -the best beds ever! The breakfast is more than adequate and we appreciated coffee being available all the time. Whilst a number of people stay because of the close proximity of the hotel to the hospital this hotel is a happy safe place and we had lots of fun around the pool whilst my husband was recovering.Yes there are no doubt better hotels in Orlando but not at this price and I doubt whether the beds will be any more comfortable. If you want excellent value for money in a safe friendly environment then book this hotel.
When we decided to visit Orlando in Jul / Aug 1995, there was no Internet and only reference point used to be Yellow pages, Travel Brochures and word of mouth. No Emails and therefore either you call or send a fax. But still it worked so beautifully. We were initially booked for 4 nights and then we got it extended by one more night while staying there on popular demand of our daughter, who was 9+ then. Large rooms with all facilities, great arrangements for drop-off and pickup for major Parks. Staff was very cooperative and the Lady at the Souvenir shop arranged best of the Tickets and passes for us - it all turned out to be value for money.Thank you for taking the time to tell us about your recent experience. We appreciate your feedback since it helps us improve our service and your rental experience.I enjoyed reading your positive comments and that your stay with us was a most enjoyable one.I appreciate your business and look forward to seeing you again on yur next visit to the Orland area.
Comfortable and good size room and bed. Quiet and permits the business traveler to get work done. Helpful and friendly staff. Location is convenient to Florida Medical Center, SunRail, and Winter Park. The immediate neighborhood is a bit drab looking but safe and just to the south are some decent restaurants.Thank you very much for the review. Our location is very convenient to everything Orlando has to offer. We hope you will visit us again in the future!
My husband and I stayed two nights at this hotel. Despite not being able to find our reservation upon arrival, the front desk associate very friendly and we were checked in in no time. We stayed on the 5th floor just off the elevators and...MoreThank you for taking the time to write a review regarding your stay with us. We are delighted that you enjoyed your stay and hope to welcome you back soon.
We stayed here for three nights when visiting Universal and Sea World. From check-in to check-out everyone was very nice. The hotel is very well maintained and our room was very clean. The breakfast area can get a little crazy during the morning, but there is seating inside and out. Breakfast ranges from eggs and sausage to eggs and biscuits with gravy. There are also muffins and donuts as well. The King Bed was comfortable with a variety of firm and soft pillows. There is a shuttle to the parks, but we didn't utilize it. Each park is a very short drive from the Hotel. TGI Friday and the Pirate Dinner Show are both within walking distance from the hotel. I would stay here again.
The nicely decorated lobby and friendly check-in staff gave me a positive first impression of this hotel. The building looked well taken care of. It offers interior hallways and an elevator, which we really appreciated. We felt safe at all times, both inside the building and in the parking lot.Our room was a suite with two beds. To me, its just one big room, but an arched ceiling and half-walls separated the bed area from the sitting area, thus making it a suite. The room smelled and looked clean and was in good repair. It included a refrigerator and microwave. The TV was large and worked fine. The wireless Internet was easy to connect to and was fairly fast. The window a/c unit maintained an even temperature, keeping the room comfortable throughout our stay.The bathroom was large and clean. The secure hand-rail in the shower/tub was very helpful. The towels could have been a bit bigger, but they werent super small, either. We had no trouble getting hot water for showers. The metal toilet paper holder, which held two rolls of paper, was tarnished and did not hold the paper properly on one side. The end of the holder stayed open, which meant that one roll of paper was in constant danger of falling off. When we forced the end of the holder shut, it locked the roll of paper in so tight that it was unusable. This holder really needs replacing. Other than this minor inconvenience, our room was in good shape.We did not hear any noise at all during the night. The beds were firm and comfortable, and each had 4 square pillows. In the morning, we found a complimentary Wall Street Journal under our door.Breakfast consisted of a fairly large assortment of average-quality food. There were apple juice, orange juice, coffee, ice water, and milk to drink. The food items consisted of yogurt, fresh apples and oranges, hard-boiled eggs, assorted cereals, oatmeal packets, biscuits, white gravy, round patties of scrambled eggs, two waffle makers, toast, bagels cream cheese, and doughnuts. I liked the fact that the cereals were all in individual packages. The apple juice was highly watered down, and the biscuits and gravy were not the greatest. The toaster was old and didn't work too well, but the attendant said they would probably get a new one soon. Speaking of the attendant, she was very friendly and constantly present, watching over the area and asking folks if they needed anything.There is a Wendys within easy walking distance, just across the parking lot. Across the street is Florida Hospital South, which offers a free shuttle service between the hotel and the hospital. If you are staying in the area to visit a hospital patient, call the hotel directly and request their special hospital rate.
I stayed here for 4 nights with 2 other people, and overall, it was a good place to stay for a trip to Universal. I have only one complaint: the air conditioner in the room. First, it was LOUD, which was very annoying at night. Secondly, we had a double room, and the bed closest to the unit is very close and is directly in the path of the cold air. I slept on this bed the first night and froze, I slept here on the second night and woke up with a terrible sore throat, which really sucked all the next day in the park. Other than that, everything else was fine. The hotel is clean, the heated pool and hot tub was great at the end of each day when you're really sore from all the walking in the park. The free shuttle and breakfast was also extremely helpful. The traffic in the area is crazy at night, but there's lots of restaurants, pharmacies, etc. in the area.
Recently stayed here due to the proximity to Florida Hospital. The hotel is very nice and well maintained. The rooms were very much to our liking and one can tell they put forth a good deal of effort to keep them clean. Guests seem to be coming and going quite a bit throughout the night, probably to and from the hospital, and the noise from the corridors seems to carry pretty good. We needed to ask for hotel maintenance to unclog the shower drain, but they did so promptly and without issue. Overall, the stay was as pleasant as one could expect while having to conduct business at the hospital. The surrounding area seemed pretty safe during the daytime, but there seemed to be a good deal of panhandlers and homeless roaming the area at night and would not recommend walking after dark.
We were very impressed with this hotel! We travel to Orlando twice a year on business and always stay in a different hotel because we hadn't yet found one that fit all our criteria - clean, convenient, comfortable, safe and affordable - until now. This hotel is located just north of downtown Orlando (thus pretty far from the attractions) across the street from Florida Hospital. They offer a shuttle to the hospital. Valencia checked us in, what a professional. She was kind, warm and efficient. Excellent. We got a first floor room as we requested and it was perfect. Very clean and smelled great. The room was large with a nice sized bathroom, king bed and a sofa. It had the largest mini refrigerator we have ever seen. The freezer space was huge! The microwave was powerful. Nice TV with tons of channels including HBO. The bed was comfortable with several pillows of varying softness/firmness. Lots of towels. We enjoyed the jacuzzi both nights of our stay, it was very clean and very hot. We didn't use the pool but it was sparkling clean. We had to leave each morning before the free breakfast so we didn't get to try it. There is a Wendy's adjacent to the parking lot and a Panera and a frozen yogurt shop right across the street. We have finally found our Orlando hotel!Thank you for taking the time to comment on our Comfort Suites with such positive feedback! I have shared your comments with my staff, and they join me in thanking you for your kind words. We take pride in our hotel and the services we provide and we are so glad you enjoyed your stay.We are looking forward to providing you the same pleasant accommodations and service the next time you are in town.
My partner and I prefer to stay in the vicinity of the urban environment of theLake Eola area when we visit the Orlando area.We had customarily stayed at two charming hotels a block or less from the Lake,but we recently became parents of a French Bulldog puppy and these two propertiesare not pet-friendly. Thus, we needed to find a property in the vicinity that was in ourprice-range.Thank goodness, the Comfort Suites fit that bill perfectly. The service was efficient andfriendly, making excellent recommendations on where to eat in the neighborhood ofIvanhoe. Our suite was extremely comfortable it had adequate space, including botha sofa and desk. The pool was an added benefit. Also, parking was complimentary.We are quite happy to have found a hotel of high quality such as this we intend tomake it our new home as we travel with Chanel, our new puppy!
Great hotel with very friendly staff. Hotel is near all the major attractions and the service is amazing. Free shuttle service to the parks offers great pick-up times, and free hot breakfast is a money saver. Hotel was recently renovated and has a great and modern look.Thank you for taking the time to write a review about your stay with us. We appreciate you recognizing our amazing staff and great location. We hope you will visit us again soon. Happy Holidays!
Stayed here one night for a business trip. Conveniently located next the Orlando Science Museum where my meetings were at. Free outdoor parking with a Wendy's next door. Sterile feel given it's run by a hospital hotel group. Normal Comfort Suites with everything as expected.Thank you for the wonderful review. We appreciate you choosing the Comfort Suites Downtown Orlando! Please keep us in mind for future travels.
The hotel itself was uninspiring, but the staff made us feel welcome and our room was ready at 10 am when we arrived from Disney. The room was more than ample for my wifde and I as well as our 17 and 12 yr olds....MoreThank you for taking the time to review our hotel. It was nice to read that you enjoyed our newly renovated rooms and free breakfast. Thank you for mentioning our welcoming staff , we are very proud of them and the service they offer valued...More
Was attending a concert at Amway Center, and chose to stay here. The staff was very nice and the call after we were settled in our room, to check if everything was okay, was a nice touch. The room was clean, but the comforter was heavy and the top sheet not wide enough. The ac unit under the window had to be turned down to 64, it kept going on and off at a higher level and it got stuffy. Would have been nicer if the fan kept running all the time instead of turning on and off with conditioning. Guess I got late to breakfast, because I didn't see a lot of the items mentioned by other travelers. Felt it was on a par with other Comfort Inn breakfasts.Thank you for taking the time to tell us about your stay at our Comfort Suites. We appreciate your feedback since it helps us improve our service and your experience.You are a valued customer everything we do is aimed at providing you with an excellent stay at our hotel.I appreciate your business and hope to see you again in the near future.
On first impressions staff were not particularly friendly and had trouble finding our booking but eventually found it.Room was clean and modern but bathroom could of done with a refurb.The bed was very comfortable, had a great nights sleep every night without fail.I do not recommend having breakfast here, it was a very poor selection of dry bagels, cheap yogurts and overly salty scrambled egg. We reluctantly had breakfast a couple of times here but we did not enjoy it atall. Better off eating out.Close to bars and restuarants but not in the middle of the action so nice and quiet in the evenings.Did not use the pool so cannot comment on that.All in all, nice stay.Thank you for taking the time to write a review about your stay with us. We are glad that you enjoyed your stay. I have shared your comments with our management team. Our goal is to make sure that our guests enjoy every aspect of their stay with us.
Nice Hotel, comfy beds, friendly staff. Convenient laundry room available to use, heated pool. Lovely and quiet. Big rooms, cleaned everyday. Execellent locationOnly issued we asked for late check out and still got a call at half 11 (didnt wake baby thank God and housekeeping tried to get in but luckly we had lock on door) so commucation needs work.Thank you for taking the time to write a review about your stay. We are glad you enjoyed our comfy beds, friendly staff and great location. We would like to apologize for the miscommunication about your late check out request. It would be our pleasure to have you as our guest again in the near future.
I stayed here for one night on business. It was fine.Pros: comfy bed, quiet for such a busy area, seemingly clean, the price was ok at 70/nt.Cons: although this hotel is updated, it's really just trendy furniture and paint covering up the age of the place. The fixtures are all rusted in the bathroom and you can't look too deep into the room. Also, the housekeeper knocked on my door three times between 9-10am to lean my room. Although I appreciate her diligence, I told her I would be leaving around 10:15. She could not understand or speak English very well so maybe that was the issue but it was a bit annoying.Overall it was an average experience. For business, it was fine because all I need is a comfy bed, quiet, and a clean (ish) room!Thank you for taking the time to share your experience while staying with us. We apologize that you weren't completely satisfied and hope that you will give us another try. We pride ourselves in offering excellent service and will continue to update all features of the hotel. I have shared your comments with our management staff so that we can continue to improve in all areas of our service.
The hotel is clean and the rooms are modern. Price is reasonable. Location is close to Universal but a very busy intersection. Lost a couple of stars due to the following:1) Shuttle is overbooked and was never available for us to use since it was always sold out. The booking system does not require you to identify yourself, I believe many people overbook. The shuttle serves at least 4 hotels so a 5 minute trip ends up being 30 minutes to the park and is part of the reason the shuttle was sold out.2) Breakfast was mediocre and very crowded. Same items every day with little or no variety. By the 4th day we went to IHOP. Very crowded at times.3) While hotel staff were helpful, the service staff for the shuttle tickets were not. Service was poor and they were mostly interested in selling or up-selling park tickets. Frustrating to wait in line every morning behind many people buying tickets only to find out that the shuttle was sold out for the day.4) This seems picky but wi-fi was slow and spotty. Non-secured wi-fi usually is.We've stayed in far worse but we'll try another hotel next time as there are a lot of good choices in the area.Thank you for taking the time to write a review about your stay with us. We are glad that you liked our rooms and location but we apologize that you had difficulty with the shuttle service. Unfortunately during peak seasons the shuttles fill up quickly. It is possible to book your shuttle the day before your departure for the parks which would help to guarantee a seat. The ticket desk you are referring to is operated by Universal as are the shuttles to Universal. There are several departures each morning, but we realize during this busy month the early departures sold out quickly. Another option is to ask the front desk to call a cab which is only 8.00 and will get you to the park quickly. Parking at Universal can be difficult during high season as well and will cost 17.00 so a cab is sometimes the best option. We hope that you will visit us again.
Can not say enough nice things about my stay here. Hotel staff was extremely friendly and helpful, I felt like they knew my wife and I by the time we checked out. The hotel itself is beautifully decorated. They have a nice market with the ability to order food from various restaurants on I-Drive. The breakfast and pool areas both exceeded my expectations from what I've come to be accustomed to on trips. The room itself was super clean and well done, much bigger than I expected and a standard room would be perfect even for a larger group than I traveled with. I am a clean freak and felt totally at home here, not a single worry.I had the vacation of a life time and already want to return here. I should preface this by saying I've never stayed at a Orlando on-site resort, but I felt like this hotel provided a relaxing resort feel without the hassle of resort costs. Would and will stay again.We are delighted that you enjoyed your stay, and appreciate the time you took to share your experience. Thank you for mentioning our wonderful staff I will be sure to share your comments with each of them. Thank you again for writing such a nice review! We hope you will visit us again soon.
Just did a 3 night stay here for a golf reunion. Good room, bed, clean, A/C, and it even had a 2nd floor window that could be cracked open about half a foot. B'fast was ok, staff was helpful.Wireless is very slow, regardless of time of day/night, the flat screen TV is very low def, but I could get by all that. The outside, ambient road noise is considerable: I-4 is a couple blocks away, and the motel is surrounded on all four sides by very busy roads. Not NYC loud, but close. Just a heads up for those lighter sleepers, or someone not used to close-in traffic noise.And, other than a Wendy's there is little food within a long walking distance...
We stayed at this property during our first visit to Orlando and our first visit to Disney. It is very inviting from the moment you pull into the parking lot, all the way up to your room. It is obvious it has recently been renovated...More
We have just stayed here for 3 weeks and had a fab time! Hotel room clean and comfortable. Everything we needed there inc a fridge, iron, hairdryer, decent tv channels. Breakfast was great! A healthy choice available. Hotel staff really helpful. Pool area was nice and quiet. Would definately recommend this hotel and would stay here again if back in orlando.Thank you for taking the time to write a review about our hotel. We are delighted that you enjoyed your time with us and hope you will visit us again soon.
We used this hotel as a central location and group stay for a wedding. The rooms were comfortable and clean. There was a nice iron and ironing board. No closet in room just an armoire but that worked out fine. Close to beautiful Winter Park and downtown Orlando.Thank you for your positive comments regarding your stay at our Comfort Suites.We are glad everything went well for you and the other people in your wedding group.Appreciate your business and hope to see you again in the near future.
We just checked in today and was very surprised by the quality and customer service. We drove all night from Maryland and just decided to power through the trip instead of stay overnight in SC and do the 2nd half of the drive today. This made us arrive much earlier than we originally planned. We decided to show up here anyway in hopes we could check in semi early. We are all so tired. To my surprise when we got here at 9 am they had a room ready for us and we were able to get in and rest right away. Check I was so easy and quick. The rooms are clean and spacious for our needs at a decent rate..I am very pleased and will definitely be back again on future trips.I am glad we were able to accomadate an early check in for you. We strive to meet our Guests expectations and I am glad that in your case we did. Thank you for your review we look forward to hosting your future travels to our area
Though I came during an High School something of another I was worried that my stay here would be disturbed by noisey kids....WRONG! I slept like a baby...I missed breakfast however to avoid the traffic but other than that everything was wonderful. House Keeping went over and beyond with hospitality...someone was always at the desk smiling upon entering...it's very close to the main strip where resturants and the entertainment was. Needless to say I 3 this hotel!Thank you for your kind review. We are very happy you enjoyed your stay and look forward to welcoming you back!
We arrived late at night after delayed Virgin flight, it was dark and we missed hotel entrance on first try as the sign is not lit up. The rooms are very generous size, 2 double beds, lovely comfortable mattress pillows, all new, the maid service was good, clean towels daily and room cleaned well. We were on the 4th floor, one room looking over the front of hotel the other room facing the pool, the pool view room was a little noisy at night but not a big problem as once it closed all was quiet again.Breakfast was fine, cereals, fruit (oranges, bananas, apples), bread toasters, bagels, scrambled eggs daily, sausages every other day alternating with some sort of porridge with scone like cakes (Americans call them biscuits), packets of porridge to mix yourself, hard boiled cold eggs, cream cheese, jams, muffins cinnamon rolls, orange juice (usual watered down cheap stuff) apple juice water, was ok but the breakfast area was very crowded with tables so when you went to get food drink you always had to squeeze past other people, coffee available all day. The hotel was still undergoing some renovation work on 3rd floor, 4th floor completed amd 5th floor I think was finished, we had a full size fridge in our rooms which was an unexpected bonus, there was also hairdrier iron + ironing board I didnt use them!) Laundry room on ground floor, 1.50 to wash and same to dry, only 2 machines though, not a problem when we were there but it was fairly quiet. The reception staff were very pleasant and helpful, seemed a safe area although we were in a car so didnt walk in the area at all, TGI restaurant nearby Golden Corral, cheapish buffet restaurant. Was concerned as hotel had changed names 3 times since we booked and had gone down the ratings chart but would certainly go to this hotel again. Very handy for Universal, just a few minutes drive and away from I Drive.Thank you for your kind review. Sorry that you had trouble finding us, our entrance sign is now illuminated. Our renovations have been completed and we hope to welcome you back on your next trip to Orlando!
We stayed here during our visit to Universal due to being a Universal Partner Hotel (which was very convenient) We added a day on before arriving and had to make a separate reservation for pricing reasons, when we checked in we were told we had to change rooms after our 2nd night and check in again for the 3rd night, Carlos (Manager) fixed this problem and resolved this immediately without a issue or question. We are very grateful for this and made it nicer for us since we were traveling with a 3 year old. Our room was clean, quiet, and spacious. The pool was pleasant and the Hot Tub was well HOT!! The bathroom was large, but the floor was slippery when wet. My only complaint is that air conditioning seemed slightly off and the room seemed damp from it. Again I would like to mention how great Carlos the Manger was and Jennifer at the front desk for taking care of the check in issue.
First off,,, i recommend this hotel, i looked and scoured the internet weeks before my trip from israel. The Room- If its comfort you want, its comfort you get, the beds and pillows were off a very nice quality. The television worked fine, yes you do watch a little t.v on vacation. Lighting was good in the room. No safe that's a shame. Good shower pressure, but the hot water was not as hot., one mention of this to reception, it was taken care of. management does listen.!! Location is excellent, right around the corner, lots of eatery, TGIF restaurant is okay,, big selection. but the asian buffet is better, for 12 all you can eat. Check it was easy enough, alain was very nice, and helpful. The room had a musty smell,, we did not complain,,, opened the window,, within a day it was gone. Breakfast--- ahem,,,,, well,,,,,like in previous remarks from others,,, its definetly overcrowded,,,,,which is annoying,,,but this morning into day 3,, they opened up a meeting room,,, for a overflow,,,yeaaaa,, what they should do is build a makeshift extension close to the pool,,, for the overflow,,. The breakfast is poor,,, not enough variation, what would it hurt to make a few salads,,, it would go a long way,,,think healthy.So in the mean time,,, This is a good hotel.... good value for the money,,,nice staff,,, lino at breakfast is very helpful. Enjoy your vacation,,, the hotel is good for all,,,families, couples,,, worth the price!!!
This is hands down the nicest, cleanest, friendliest comfort inn I've ever been to! After a wonderful desk clerk checked us in we ARRIVED in our modern clean well appointed room...then my son and I visited the pool! It was 56 degrees at 10pm....chilly by...More
Nice staff, clean, uncomfortable hard beds. Would give it 2 stars but the staff was nice and it was clean but the beds were rock hard. If you dont mind hard beds this one is for you. If you like life a little softer skip it. Will not stay here again, the point of renting a hotel is to sleep and got none.Dear Laura,I was glad to hear you had an enjoyable stay with us and do apologize for our new bedding not being more comfortable.Than you
Reception staff were extremely helpful. The rooms were a good size and clean. Complimentary breakfast was very good, although only two hot options which alternated daily. The hotel is in a great central location and easy to find. The only negative was having to pay 5 for every package delivered. We will definitely use this hotel for our golfing base next year.
This was a great hotel in downtown Orlando. The room was large with a half wall separating the living room from the bedroom. The room had a refrigerator and microwave. The free breakfast was quite varied. This was about the only downtown hotel with free parking.Thank you for taking the time to tell us about your stay at our Comfort Suites.Your survey responses will serve as encouragement to all of our staff as we strive to continuously improve the quality of our services to provide an exceptional experience for our guests. I appreciate your business and hope to see you again in the near future.
This is a friendly hotel with good facilities and a good location. It is the staff that make this hotel stay so enjoyable. Very clean rooms enjoyes stay.Good breakfast. Location is near by major attraction.very convenient location.ThanksThank you for taking the time to write a review about your stay with us. We are delighted that you enjoyed your experience and we all look forward to welcoming you back.
This hotel provided us with a great holiday for two weeks on October 2012.Rooms recently decorated and were kept clean by the staff.The free breakfast was fine when you get used to the plastic plates cups and knife forks.Close to International drive but without the noise.Would go back to this Hotel when visiting OrlandoWell done Comfort Inn for a worry free holiday
My family and I planned a trip on short notice to the Orlando area and my wife was a little unsure about staying here as opposed to a more expensive resort. We were both impressed with the cleanliness, staff service, features in the immediate area and a bonus we didn't expect is a shuttle to Universal. It also picks up a few other hotels so takes 20 minutes plus, but saves on parking at the park. This place helped us to Orlando on a budget!!I rated restaurant a bit lower as they don't have one on site. Like most Comfort Inns, they do have a warm breakfast which my kids were getting sick of by the end of the week, but food was good and hot, plus the the price was right!!Thank you for taking the time to write a review about your stay with us. We are delighted that you enjoyed your visit and our complimentary shuttle service. Even though we do not have a restaurant on property there are many choices within walking distance of the hotel from fine dining to fast food. We hope you will visit us again on your next trip to Orlando!
This was a quiet and relaxing destination, while only a few miles from Disney. One of the closest non-Disney properties. Staff was friendly and readily available. Rooms were clean and fairly spacious. Furniture was okay a little outdated, beds were fair. We had a two bedroom unit, both bedrooms were upstair, not a problem for us, but might be difficult... More
My overall experience was excellent. Great location, close to food, stores,etc. 15-20 minutes from Universaql When I left my key in the room, off hours assistance was outstanding, very quick response in getting door opened. 3:00 PM cdheck was inconvinient. .Value Place strives to provide guests with an environment they can enjoy, feel comfortable and safe, and want to return too. We are glad to hear we did that for you. We wish you well in your future travels and hope you will visit us again soon.
Currently staying here and I must say have had no problems and everything is clean and staff is amazing , especially my buddy JOE....kudos to valueplace one more time you 've made me feel at home!!!!I have stayed before in another city and again you have WOWED me!!!We love to hear from repeat guests, especially when theyre happy with their stay. The Value Place team at Goldenrod hopes to see you again soon.
I can't stay here again. Problem guest in the room upstairs from me and the security won't do a thing about it. Understandably, people will make noise in hotels, and it's something any hotel guest has to deal with. This is ridiculous, and if my only recourse is to point out how little the staff here cares about an unpleasant stay for guests, then I will do so in every available forum. Thanks for avoiding this place and not contributing to tolerance for disrespectful people. If it was just loud TV noise or whatever, I could deal, but this is constant running, stomping all evening long, and its not something I can tolerate.The Value Place team deeply apologizes for your negative experience during your stay with us. The issues you have mentioned will be addressed and handled. It is our mission to provide our guest with a positive experience, and in your case, we are deeply sorry that you were not pleased. We wish you the best.
We stayed for 2 weeks in December,2014. If I reviewed this prior, I had tried to be positive but due to the lack of follow up by the management at this location, Corporate after sending a certified letter and supposedly a Regional Manager that was to contact me I no longer care to be nice about our trip. The truth: I totally agree with anyone that says: ROACHES, ROACHES, ROACHES, ROACHES,ROACHES,ROACHES,ROACHES,ROACHES EVERYWHERE !!! In the kitchen(stove,frig), in the toilet, tub, sink, coming out of electrical outlets ! The critters have been there and although they sprayed (twice) it must be so infested throughout the place as obviously the problem still exists into 2015. This location caters to long-term live-ins rather than the vacationing or transit clientele. Our entire bill should have been refunded instead of a token portion. We were offered another room which we turned down not knowing what else we might run into. My husband I will never stay at this location again--we're done.Hi, Laura. We're sorry to hear that you, too, had some insect issues. We are an extended stay hotel and we do have guests who stay for long periods of time and that prepare food in their rooms but that is not an excuse for why this may have happened. We will continue to monitor for and treat any bugs we find and we appreciate you sharing with us that you had an issue.
Brunch at the Biltmore hotel is something very special! This was my most amazing brunch experience that I ever had! We celebrated our friends birthday and we had the best service and such great food! You can find whatever your Heart desires. Thank you so much!!
We wanted to see this historical hotel, enjoy the beauty of the place and the weather, and have a drink. We picked the right place. We asked the concierge for a sheet on the interesting history of the place which was fascinating and we were happy to contribute in our small way to its long term success. The pool is... More
We stayed at the Biltmore recently and it's a very nice upscale hotel. I will say that while the room was large and the beds were very comfortable that the furnishings in the room are a bit dated and not quite what you would expect from a hotel at this level. There are nice cheaper hotels in the area but... More
This historic hotel maintains its elegance from years past. Accomodations are fabulous. Had a delightful Junior Suite. As always Mercie, our Wire Hair Fox Terrier, was welcome. We stay here every 6 months in connection with a medical visit.
Horribly managed property Cannot believe owners allow current management to run this property Good housekeeping, great pool (one of the biggest I have ever seen) and nice grounds will return if the owners replace current general manager
We spent the night at a Marriott so that we could fly out the next morning from Miami international. I wish we had stayed here. This was an amazing hotel set and an amazing neighborhood of grand and unusual homes along tree-lined street. The hotel itself was built I think in the 20s. We ate in the center courtyard. Were... More
It's really beautiful hotel and the service is really exceptional but a hotel is a hotel and a place to stay and sleep. The room was was nice but the faucet in the bathroom didn't work correctly, I couldn't plug the sink drain, and the shower curtain literally billows into the shower so you can't really shower. The water pipes... More
The rooms were clean and the kitchen was a plus. Enjoyed the view of the ocean. The staff were very accommodating and professional. Will definitely visit there again. We received a great group price and rooms were ready when we arrived. Pat Rowe
Trip was great, rooms had been uplifted since last year. Overall a great time! Staff is always friendly and very helpful. Did wish the pool had been heated already cause it was too chilly to really enjoy especially for the kids.
We arrived in PC on a Friday afternoon. After driving for a hour looking for some where to stay. We found this hotel. It's a little dated, but very clean. The staff was very nice and helpful. We would stay there again.Thank you so much for your business and review. I'm glad you enjoyed your stay and hope you'll be visiting again very soon!
We stayed 3 nights at this Doubletree. Great service, good location to travel the area, good breakfast at hotel, and a little more room to enjoy your room. Great location for business traveler. You could go to dining area to watch the news, grab a beer, or sit outside by the pool with others. Great cookies too, of course! We... More
Arrived late Thursday valentines weekend to enjoy my daughters birthday party. 11:30 pm. Suite not the floor plan I had requested. Too late according to Joey at front desk to change due to full house. He said he would put a request in for morning shift to make changes. Next morning, met Hope at front desk and explained my desire... More
I found the 3 rd fl hallway smelling like mildew. Breakfast service was poor - ending up going out for breakfast. Hilton is just down the street with a steak house - - will stay there next trip down to Naples.
Great location on 41 in North Naples near the Mercado. About 15 minutes from downtown Naples. Spacious 2 room suites, very comfortable beds, large bathroom, plenty of closet and drawer space. Very, very clean. Delicious cookies. Staff very attentive and courteous.
Hotel was super nice, room was big and very comfy. Everything was super clean and well presented. Staff at check in were very accommodated. Breakfast was good, we had the room plus breakfast package which was a great deal. The price per night was a little over our budget but it was worth it! Great hotel
Their staff is incredibly friendly and very welcoming. They give you a free cookie every day! The food (served by the pool) was super delicious. We ordered the food and they were so nice brought it out for us. Any little thing we wanted, they would get for us with no hesitation. They would go above and beyond for... More
Beds were amazing and staff was fantastic Rooms are big and clean Cafe food was tasty at a good value . Pool is small but bueatiful and very clean Front desk is very helpful and always have warm cookies
My stay here was excellent. The two women at the front desk were so helpful and inviting from the second we walked in the door. The check in-time was quick and efficient. After a long work day the best thing would be a nice warm cookie and they had those waiting for us.
We decided to do a coastal gulf get away weekend. We grabbed an overnight bag but didn't know where we would end up. Because I am a Hilton Diamond member, we are partial to Hilton properties. We end up staying at the Doubletree in Naples. The room was perfect and everything was fresh and clean. The part that was really... More
Pleasant and clean place,comfortable bed and friendly staff. Located 20 minutes from Barefoot Beach in Bonita Springs and 15 minutes from 5th Ave South and 3rd St. Five minutes away from The Mercato Shoppes. This hotel has the best chocolate chips/walnuts cookies I've ever had. This only semi-negative things I can say is the bathroom does not have an extraction... More
I had a great time at the Double Tree Hilton at Naples. I was having such a great time that at check out I misplaced my keys. The staff went out of their way to search for my keys when I returned two hours later. This was amazing because they not only looked in the room but went as far... More
This is my 5th time staying here. Why here, the location is an hour drive North or South of most beaches. The price is right. I've seen the improvemens this hotel has made in the last here. Redone most rooms. The pool is so clean, we swam in it every night. The restaurant and bar are excellent. The rooms are... More
We stayed at this hotel to be closer to the punta gorda airport for an early morning flight. Hotel lobby wasn't impressive, elevator was missing buttons, but the rooms were clean and nice. After having stayed at a resort the previous couple of nights and being nickeled and dimes, it was refreshing to see that (1) breakfast was included, (2)... More
I made the reservations on line. I chose a waterfront balcony room. Well, we were on the waterfront but we were on the first floor with a tall hedge and busily traveled boardwalk. There was a small sitting area but certainly not what I was expecting. I requested a room near one of our friends (2nd floor). We made do... More
Come here three years in a row, clean, efficient, and situated on the water. Nice pool with restaurant on site. You can walk to little shops called fisherman village. There are plenty of nice places to sit and enjoy the view.
Very clean and friendly and happy staff. Great attention to detail, fab stay. Mgr. and front desk workers very helpful. Room very very clean, making Honey happy. Plenty of parking, I always love staring at my hog - parked under lights at midnight. Great location!!!
We went for a boxing tournament. The building was run down but the rooms were clean, the beds and linen were very comfortable, the pool was well kept, the service was friendly, the continental breakfast was simple but enjoyable, the restaurant was good and the patrons were friendly. The price was right and we were surrounded by water.
We were only there for one night. We chose this because the pictures looked ok and it was close to the airport. We were very surprised when the hotel was no nice, the view at sunset was great, right on the water with a walking trail easily accessible outside the door. We did not use the pool or the restaurants... More
From the reception personal to the room views the place was great.The hotel has a wonderful location close to the city.Over looks a beautiful river. The hotel, for all it offers, is reasonably priced.
Hotel has excellent location on the water. It has a dock for boaters, waterfront walking trails with fishing pier, park, playground, gazebos. Great for families lots to do at park next to hotel. Very direct and easy to find from I-75. . Limited breakfast offered. Room was spacious and looked renovated. Bed was comfortable and AC worked well. The phone... More
The TV channel guide didn't match the actual setup. The picture quality was substandard. Told by maintenance man, wiring was out-of-date. (must be old RG59 and to the wider band RG6. Update required.)
The hotel is older and slowly making the necessary renovations evident in our hotel room, bathroom updated, but dresser and counter still waiting to be updated, however it meets all basic needs with a nice swimming pool area. The breakfast was perfect each morning, clean environment and tasty food. We had a medical emergency with my son's asthma and had... More
Ants on counters, flattened mattresses, stained sheets, room was dirty (especially couch), sinks had rust, TVs had bad cable connection (fuzzy), bar was closed, hot tub had been filled in as a planter, and pool tables were on uneven surface. However, the courtyard was beautiful, pool was great, breakfast was good, and it was right across from Busch Gardens.
Breakfast is wonderful not skimpy donut in plastic wrap. The beds are comfortable and clean. The room smells fresh and clean and the pool is nice. I actually have never been able to use the pool but it is very inviting.
Everyone at the Baymont hotel was very friendly and helpful. We how ever did not get the room we had booked and paid for. Beds were comfortable and breakfast was always great. Great location for lots of things to do.
Checked in and had to change rooms 4 times...very dissapointed with the facility! The air condition didn't work proper in all 4 rooms period. The rooms were dirty and smelled foul! I talked with the manager in the morning and she basically didn't care or offer any refund. I had to have the agent from bookings.com get me out of... More
I did not even want to give this hotel the lowest ranking available because it was that bad! When we arrived at the hotel, I went to the counter to check in. The woman checking me into our room was on her cell phone the entire time I was there. However, I can get past that. When we got into... More
If it were not for the motel staff, this would be an inn to avoid. From the moment we arrived for our two night stay in order to visit Busch Gardens, every member of the staff was friendly, helpful, and professional. Each would interrupt what they were doing, either it be cleaning, serving, driving the courtesy limo, to greet you... More
As always our stay was fantastic. The suite that they had us stay was being remodeled and the carpet was still wet. Went to the office to see if they could move us to another room and the girl in the front desk was really nice that she gave us another room and we were very satisfied with the customer... More
While this is an older Baymont Property, it is kept up very well. We booked handicapped accessible non-smoking with roll in shower. The did not have a roll in shower so if your someone who cannot stand or walk they will do everything to help. We had a shower bench for the tub and was able to transfer as we... More
It's a good deal for what you get, the room I had came with 2 doubles and a sofa bed with two separate rooms, sofa bed is far from comfortable, but again, the price isnt bad in comparison. Room also had two tvs and balcony. Staff was friendly and helpful.
House keeping was knocking on the door at 9am and when I didn't answer they entered the room and checkout is at 11am. The first time it happened I didn't say anything but the second time that it happened I reported it to the front desk
Nice hotel. Older, but nicely remodeled. Suite was nice, couch a little squeaky but was a bed. Ac blew on head . Clean. Breakfast was ok, weekly menu was better then weekend. Only a mile to Busch gardens. Close to lots of restaurants. We have yearly pass to Busch Gardens will stay here again. Decent neighborhood.
Upon arrival the room seemed rundown and the toilet seat had urine all over it. The pullout sofa bed was torn halfway. A lot of noise which was mainly due to kids knocking on doors and running away. Pizza fliers kept getting stuffed in between doors throughout the day. The towels were wet but seemed to be placed back on... More
I went to Busch Gardens and Adventure Island June 17-19th. Really liked this hotel. Clerk at check in was super friendly and nice (Lady from Galveston, Texas - can't remember her name but she was a pleasure to deal with - so helpful! When i walked in I was pretty impressed. Nice Small exercise room, Decent breakfast area with make... More
Had 2 room suite, the sofa bed that was needed, quite possibly worst ever. They changed it to 2nd worse ever. Need to make breakfast avalible before 6:30am. Can't even get coffee.
Excellent my best hotel experience yet ! Customer service above and beyond Debra the kitchen Manager, Maria W., Geeta, Cassandra, Karl, Mark, Emiliano, Alan, Tamara... Guest Services ... Nick, Victor,Anntoinette, Uybens, Pierre, Debra Maintenance : Antonio ,Prince ....
I am a long time member of the Hilton Honors program. I do a lot of traveling and during my upcoming trip to Orlando, I wanted to stay downtown. After much research and reading many reviews, I chose to try something new and join the Marriott Rewards program and book a stay at the Courtyard location. From what I have read, I am very excited about this stay and looking forward to meeting this amazing staff that is spoken so highly of. Most notably I will be asking for Maria Walker to make the most of my dining experience, as she appears to be an often mentioned rock star in many of the reviews I have read. This could be the stay that changes my mind and expands my accommodations world. Paying for a parking lot (and not a covered garage) seems a bit excessive and I would like to see a happy hour as many other hotels have come to in this price range. Aside from overpriced parking and no complimentary offerings (ie. cocktails, breakfast, etc), I am looking forward to this stay and hope to experience the same magic as others have.
After staying at a different downtown Orlando hotel which was not good. I opted for this hotel. The hotel was clean, the hotel Bistro was a definite surprise. Would come back to this hotel. The new Bistro concept at the Courtyard hotels is a plus and the food at this hotel was very good!
From check in and throughout our stay, the personnel were very attentive to our needs and went out of the way to help. The front desk people were great! The Bistro restaurant servers were excellent. They had a passion for their work! How many places have that This is our hotel of choice in Orlando now! Since this Trip Adviser review page does not let me click on service, value and rooms, I will say here that three all would get 5 stars from us!
Had a nice stay at the Courtyard on business, but sleep was disturbed several times in my fourth floor abode facing downtown. Loud road noise and an early siren kept my dreams away. Great and comfortable bed, nice desk chair, and timely room clean rounded out a pleasant stay. Getting to the hotel is not difficult, but if you stray from the delineated path you will enjoy some very wonderful neighborhoods, cozy streets, nice lakes, and a great downtown. Everyone was friendl and inviting, and the hotel staff was kind. The lobby has the necessities, a nice work area and seating. But it too is as loud as the city. A Wednesday evening brought a loud clamor, revelers and drinkers down to the happening bar. If you want to get some work done stay in the room, but if you are interested in meeting some friendly merry men, just sit in the lobby. Nice atmosphere inside and out, and I felt safe on the property. Ample parking and very easy access to Interestate 4 west or east. Downtown is a five minute drive west and is pleasant. Free wifi was more than adequate. Starbucks in the lobby at 6 a.m. and some relatively light breakfast foods are avaialable. Corporate rate was a pleasant 125, but a vendor I was with paid north of 200, which I think would be excessive. Overall a good experience, except for the noise.Thank you for sharing your experience on Trip Advisor. We are you pleased that you thoroughly enjoyed our facilities and exceeded your expectations. We are aware of the noise disturbance. Our hotel and other local business are working digiently to create a better experience for everyone without any disturbances.As a sign of our commitment and apology to you, we would like to offer you to have you back at our hotel when you're in Orlando again. Please feel free to contact me when you're planning your next trip. Thank you for thinking Courtyard Orlando Downtown!
Front desk was always kind and helpful. Place was clean and quiet. Near some good restaurants within walking distance. Nice breakfast and lounge area. Parking came at a cost but the charge was less than other hotels in the area. Would definitely stay there again for business.
We made arrangements to stay at the Courtyard Downtown Orlando overnight while we attended an event at Camping World Stadium. I called ahead and confirmed that the hotel actually did have a shuttle that ran until 11pm which was a definite plus. The shuttle driver JJ, not only dropped us off close to the venue, but also mentioned he would meet us at a spot for a pickup at the end of the event. As it turned out the concert didnt finish until 11:30, but JJ was at the spot as arranged. All the staff was friendly and efficient, JJ went over the top to make our and several others experience, a perfect stay.
Comfortable hotel right of I-4. We have stayed here previously and will not hesitate to return again. We were warmly greeted, check-in was quick and easy. Our 6th floor room was quiet and comfortable. The balcony was large enough for 4 people to sit and talk.Not a single complaint. It rained the day we were up and we got soaked. Since we did not pack extra stuff, we needed to do laundry. Soap and the machine use were complimentary. Wi-Fi was easy to setup. Fridge in the room, and bistro available downstairs.All in all, we will be back. This is our go-to hotel when visiting our kids in downtown Orlando.
Arrived on the heels of Hurricane Matthew! Used the App for check-in and it is like magic!! The lobby was very inviting with plenty of room for those needing to work and those that were watching football. The Red Cross volunteers had a great presence there and were pleased to share stories. The rooms were spacious and well appointed. The ice machine (which worked) was near my room (SCORE)!!! Later that evening, we needed a drink and a snack and we did not have to go far. The Florida State game was on and we joined the folks to cheer the Seminoles on to victory. Fun was had by all in the comfortable seating available. The downtown location is easy to get to and easy access to I-4 the following day. Al in all, nice central location away from Disney. Although a bit pricey, will definitely consider returning when scheduling the next trip.
When I checked in, I had asked for an upgrade and was able to get a suite. Also I had 2 reservations-1 for personal (for the first part of the trip) and 1 for work and they were able to merge them so I did not have to change rooms.All the staff was very friendly and helpful. The F B Manager, Debra was great. My coworker and I needed assistance with a surprise for our team managers and she was able to accommodate our needs as well as helped with everything that we needed for our meeting-setup, lunch, etc.The staff who worked the bistro were awesome. We had breakfast, drinks and appetizers during our trip. The food was great and we were served quickly.Victor was the front desk clerk who completed my check out. He is great, a genuinely nice person and very helpful when we requested help with directions.I would recommend this hotel for personal or business travel.
From the courteous staff to the renovated lobby, this property is truly well-run and attractive. The staff could not had been more accommodating. I am a Marriott Platinum Rewards member, so I know a bit about gauging properties. This is one of the best, if not the best Courtyard of where I've stayed.I will be back!
This has been my second stay at the Downtown Orlando Marriott Courtyard and everyone who works there is always so very friendly and nice. If you need something and call the font desk they make sure you get it immediately. Also because this hotel is away from the tourist area and full of business people, you are assured a nice quite nights sleep. I really recommend this hotel to everyone traveling to Orlando. The only downside to the Downtown Courtyard would be the iron. They really not good, but that shouldn't deter you from staying here.
My recent stay at this hotel was AWESOME! The room and hotel was very clean! Kudos to Darwin at the front desk and Maria in the Bistro for providing exceptional service during my stay! I will be back!
After a long drive decided to go downstairs to The Bistro for dinner. Roberto recommended the backed chicken dinner with the salad. I like to eat healthy. The chicken was delicious, hot, and a large portion. The salad was fresh and plenty of variety of veggies. The overall dinner was great and reasonably priced. Roberto provided outstanding service and super friendly. I felt right at home :-)Thank you WalshS101 for sharing the experience you had at our Bistro. The Bistro concept was created to give our guest a convenient location to enjoy fresh food options. It is great to hear that Roberto gave outstanding service. I will make sure to share your comments with him.We hope that you will be back to visit us again. Please contact our front desk if you need any assistance booking a future reservation. Thank you and have a great day.
What a perfect experience. The employees,the food,the service,even the parking was fantastic.Maria and Nick took excellent care of us.Everyone was polite and genuine. The room was very clean and neat.We found no problems of any kind. Next time,we will not even look around. We will stay there.Mel K,Thank you for sharing your experience! I'm glad Maria and Nick was able to exceed our expectations while staying with us! Our goal is for every guest to experience a problem free stay at your hotel. Please come back to see us when your travels bring you back to Orlando.
I love the Bistro and the service Roberto provides. Always prompt, courteous, and friendly serving great cocktails and food. Definitely recommend and try the roasted chicken and/or ribs with frys and coldslaw.Thank you William P for sharing your experience with us. It is great to see that you have enjoyed our Bistro and its offerings. I will make sure that Roberto is aware of the wonderful service that he has provided to you.Please let us know if you have any future plans to visit Orlando. Our front desk staff is available 24 hours a day to assist you with booking a reservation. Thank you and have a great day.
We stayed here for four nights and thoroughly enjoyed our stay.The hotel was clean and quiet, it had free internet, coffee washing machines. The fitness centre was new or very well maintained and it had a nice spa and small pool.The staff were always freindly and corteous and breakfast was great - huge selection and great value.You could walk to downtown (Church St) in 15 mins and there were plenty of places to eat drink nearby. It is also right next to an exit of the I4 which makes getting around by car very easy.I would definitely stay here again if returning to Orlando
I stay here quite often. It is very conveniently located to the downtown business district. All employees are very friendly and customer focused and very accommodating. At the breakfast bar, Maria Walker is very customer service oriented and funny. Sean at the front desk, from day one has been great. They all remember my name, so when away from home, it feels a little like home.
We stayed at this Courtyard in Oct. 2007, and booked well in advance of our arrival. We used marriott.com to book the room, and reserved a room with two double beds and a balcony (the website lists details about each room type available).Upon arriving at the hotel, the front desk clerk (only one for a line of 5 parties checking-in) advised us that our room was XYZ. When I asked if the room had a balcony and two beds, he said that there were no rooms of that type left. We had a dialogue back and forth, and I said that I reserved a room with a balcony and two beds, and that's what I wanted to get, or else I would go to the Hilton Garden Inn, where I am a Hilton Silver member and spend about 50 less per night. The clerk pulled up the hotel web site and tried to insist to me that a specific room type is not guaranteed rather, they are just guidelines. However, I made it very clear that each available room type listed amenities specific to that room (i.e. double balcony room, XYZ square feet, balcony XYZ square feet, etc.). He was very insistent and offended me with his refusal to admit that, in this case, I was right. To make a long story short, the clerk accomodated us with a one queen bed plus sofabed room with a balcony. The importance of the balcony was because my friend smokes and the entire hotel is smoke-free otherwise. Why the clerk had not suggested this prior to our 15 minute debate is beyond me. Not a good start to this stay.On to the hotel property and facilities. There is plenty of parking. Even with the Mountain Dew/X games convention staying there, there was plenty of parking available, even late at night,. The hotel facilities are relatively new, with lots of bright light and marble. Rooms are decorated nicely, but are average in size. The bed was very comfortable I was told the sofa bed was not that comortable (to be expected, I guess). The balcony was definitely a good size, but overlooked the gas station next door. The bathroom was small, but had good water pressure and a massaging shower head.With regards to the Courtyard's location, I would not say it is unsafe. It is located in downtown Orlando. If you are intimidated by being in a city, then you will most likely be intimidated by the hotel's location. However, there is no need to worry about running into trouble in this part of the city. Simply follow normal night time procedures for being aware of your surroundings, as you should anywhere after dark. The biggest complaint I had about this stay was the noise level. Due to there being tons of teenagers staying here with the previously mentioned convention, we heard yelling and skateboarding in the parking lot at all hours of the night. We also heard other guests yelling out their sliding doors for them to shut up, and arguments ensued. This was around 4-5am. Hotel staff, where were you Someone needed to get this rediculous noise under control. The walls here are very thin, and banging could be heard on adjacent floors of the hotel.The air conditioner in our room would not cool adequately. Even on the high cool setting, it would turn off at about 72 degrees I would say. So after spending the day in the 90+ degree heat, we couldn't get cooled down well enough. And at night it was rather warm. Not to mention that the A/C could not drown out all the noise, because it was off most of the time. There is no constant cool option to override the auto thermostat temp feature of the A/C. Both low cool and high cool switch on and off based on the temp you select. So overall, I was not impressed by the service or general atmosphere of this Courtyard. I have stayed at Hampton Inns that are much nicer, with better customer service. This stay confirmed for me why I frequent Hiltons and their sister properties as opposed to Marriotts. I would not recommend this hotel based on my stay. There are many other fine hotels of this caliber in Orlando, so do yourself a favor and stay at one of the them.
This Courtyard has undergone a good renovation and the property is substantially nicer than it was the last time I stayed here. Plenty of power outlets around the room, heating and air conditioning work well. The restaurant is a nice -- if expensive - touch. There is a 7-11 in the parking lot and there can be a lot of noise from there in the middle of the night. Last night around 2:45am someone over there had their car radio so loud that you could hear it from my room on the third floor and FEEL the bass in the floor. Very few restaurants within safe walking distance so make sure you have a car. Hello Mike W,We appreciate the time you have taken to leave your comments about our hotel. It is great to hear that you like the changes we made and appreciate our new upgrades. We understand that when you travel you expect to have a productive and relaxing stay. We do apologize for the noise disturbances you experienced while staying with us. Please contact our front desk at 407-996-1000, if you will be back to visit again. We would be more than happy to block you in a room that is not facing the neighboring gas station. Thank you Mike and have a wonderful day.
Have stayed over a dozen times now at this location for business in Downtown Orlando, and compared to other local options it is the best. The folks in the Bistro, especially Maria are super! Fast, friendly and always helpful. Will continue to stay there whenever a downtown location is what I need. Well run hotel all the way around.
I just visited Orlando on a business trip. My group stayed here at the Courtyard. The staff were all very friendly and knowledgeable. Their shuttle driver made helpful suggestions and Karl made our breakfasts delightful. The food was above average.The hotel itself was very clean and the rooms were spacious and kept up well. The location of the hotel was decent. It was about a mile north of downtown and allowed me plenty of opportunity to explore the city by foot.I will stay here again, if I find myself in Orlando.
Away from tourists and short walk to good restaurants all staff well trained and helpful Food quality slightly above average I recommend and would use again Downtown near by and just off I4 Good parking to
My family and I took a trip to Orlando a couple of weeks ago to experience the attractions at Disney. We stayed at The Courtyard Downtown and found it to be a wonderful experience. Parking was easy, the rooms spacious , clean and pleasant and the staff was as nice as can be. There was a nice lounge area and a pool where we enjoyed a swim. Breakfast was served with many fine choices as well. When basketball season starts in October I will once again visit Orlando to see The Magic and stay at The Courtyard. George S. Kalman WFLN RadioHello George K,Thank you for making the Courtyard by Marriott Orlando Downtown your destination hotel when visiting Orlando. We appreciate you giving your feedback about your stay. It seems as if you were able to take advantage of all of our wonderful amenities. It is great that you and your family enjoyed the pool area, and our Bistro. We look forward to seeing you again once basketball season starts. Our staff is available 24 hours a day to assist you with making a reservation. Thank you and have a great day.
The overall staff was friendly and helpful especially Maria Walker. She was there every morning with a smile on her face ready to assist in anyway she could. She made us feel right at home. Our overall stay was very comfortable and we were definitely stay here againHello Mary S.Thank you for taking the time to provide your feedback about your stay. One of our top priorities is to ensure the satisfaction of our guests. I will make sure to share your comments with Roberto, Linda and Karl.We hope that your future travels will bring you back to the Orlando area. Please feel free to call our front desk team if you need assistance booking a reservation. Thank you and have a wonderful day.
Ive stayed at many Marriotts over the years and the customer service at this Courtyard Marriott is hands down the best!Everyone is super friendly and calls you by name I highly recommend when traveling for any reason that you stay here.Dear JHarris,Thank you for selecting the Courtyard in Downtown Orlando for your time in Central Florida. We could not be happier to have received this fabulous review. Its also lovely to hear that our staff did such a great job welcoming you and taking care of your needs while at the hotel. We hope we will have the pleasure of welcoming you back as our valued guest when you return to Orlando. Have a great week and travel safely.
I am currently staying at this hotel and I would like to say that so far is the best hotel I've stayed in Orlando. The rooms are spacious, new, clean and the overall service is really good. When I checked-in they gave me 2 free bottles of water and they also have complimentary breakfast :) The only reason why i m not giving 5 stars to this hotel is because they don't offer food service to your room, you would think that they offer this type of service :(. In general i highly recommend this hotel
Our cable was out from the moment we checked in and throughout our whole stay, which was 4 days. The staff in the front were no help and they hardy have any managers ok call after 7pm. The service was horrible.
With so many places to choose from Tuesday on international drive let alone Orlando I wasn't sure which one to pick but I was glad that I chose Hampton Inn at sea world Helpful staff nicely decorated extremely comfortable bed and couch in the room
Very clean Hotel. Is located in the heart of Orlando's tourism District. Within walking distance of SeaWorld and close to major highways. Close to a gas station 7-Eleven and CVS . I would definitely stay again.
walking distance to seaworld or free shuttle and free quick que passes! Clean, newer hotel with free parking, wi-fi and breakfast. Overall a great value for a nice place to stay with some good benefits
New, clean and conveniently located across the street from Seaworld. Excellent Restaurant next door and drug store behind building. Pool is tiny so dont choose this property if that is on your bucket list.
Great customer service and new current dcor trends. The hotel made me feel at home. Fantastic quality in bedding and mattress. Slept wonderfully and the rooms were quiet even thought I was next to an elevator, I didn't hear it at all. Breakfast had a great selection and overall very good. Kitchen service employees extremely helpful and always attentive to make sure we had what we needed. We were always greeted with a sincere smile. Great job training and hiring customer oriented people. Keep it up!
Check-in could not have been quicker/ easier. Cory from front desk was friendly, accommodating informative. We checked in late were starving. There's a great Italian place (can't remember name but menu available at front desk.) Pizza was delicious they deliver.Every part of the hotel was very clean beautifully decorated. Didn't use pool (weather too cold) but looked nice. Room was very comfortable, seemed new or newly renovated. Beds were comfortable, bathroom beautiful. My favorite part was breakfast! Waffles, omelets, oatmeal, crispy bacon, variety of juices coffee. Kitchen staff kept everything well stocked and were friendly.I am pretty picky but have to keep on a budget and I must say, I was pleasantly surprised! I definitely recommend this hotel and would absolutely return!
The stay at Hampton is always great. The complimentary breakfast just makes your day. The only problem that I faced was that there was no lock in the bathroom, or may be it was just this branch that didn't have it and others do. Overall it was a good experience and I look forward to stay in one of the hamptons soon..
Only suppose to stay two nights, it rained for those two days, so we stayed another night, the staff helped in booking the extra day was no hassle, the pool was perfect!!!, the Gym was right on time, and the breakfast was excellent, hot coffee 24/7... Im even thinking of coming back next year... Great vacation!!!
It was just one night, but very comfortable experience. I took my niece to Seaworld and she loved both places, the hotels and the park. A group of co-workers and myself bought tickets to Seaworld. I will sugest to stay at this hotel
With so many choice in the Disney, Seaworld, Universal area..... this Hampton goes way above to make sure they earn your business. Super hotel. Great staff, great property. The people make the difference here!!
Very convenient location to seaworld. You can walk there in 10 minutes. However, the front personnel Josef is not familiar with policies. Neither does he know you to provide great customer service. Room was dirty pubic hairs in the bed. The bathroom vanity also had a long dark hair on it. I was not offered another room for any type of solution. I also was not given a credit included in our rate. Staff had no clue about the credit. Management was not available at anytime during our stay. I would prefer a clean room to the proximity to seaworld. Do yourself a favor stay somewhere else.
This is our second stay at this location. The staff exceeded our expectations in both visits and are amazing, friendly and helpful. The hotel is relatively new, so the rooms are so clean and fresh. Breakfast is a lot of processed baked stuff, but you can make a waffle or eat oatmeal or yogurt. Overall though, Great hotel and amazing staff.
My room was ready when I arrived and best of all it was very clean. It looks like the hotel has been updated or recently built. Can't beat the rate for good quality. Complimentary breakfast and Internet is perfect. During check-in the clerk gave my two young boys small toys which made their night.
We were there for a night after visit to SeaWorld. Great location right by SeaWorld and restaurants and convince stores. Our room was very nice and quiet. I really liked the tile floor that looked like wooden floor. Nice feather pillows and comfortable bed as always. We missed breakfast but smelled great. All the stuff were super nice. Housekeeper were working very hard cleaning the rooms as we were leaving. Its always nice to know that all the bedding are getting stripped. We would come back again.
This is an excellent location to stay at no matter which park you are visiting. Great rooms, clean and roomy. Our room had couch and kitchen area (sink, cabinets, fridge, and microwave). The nightly rate was more than reasonable.
This hotel was very nice for a family vacation. We stayed for the weekend to go to SeaWorld and Aquatica which are right next to hotel, which was great. Breakfast is free every day and delicious. The staff was professional and courteous. The room was large and big enough for two adults and two teenagers. We had a studio suite that comes with a sofa bed. I would definitely stay again for my next visit, affordable and well maintained.
My husband and I were in Orlando for a Disney Run, which I did for a local charity. That charity choose where we stayed our first 2 nights in town, which was Carribean Beach Resort at Disney. Our second room, at Hampton Inn near Sea World FAR surpassed the Disney room. We booked early and were able to reserve the king room with wet bar. The room was huge, plenty of space. The bed was extremely comfortable. My only advice is to bring your own pillow if you are used to using a firm pillow. The hotel provides extra pillows if needed, but they go flat quickly. Yes, there is construction going on next door (both sides) of the hotel - and yes, you can hear it. I am a light sleeper, but I was still able to sleep in even with the construction going on. FYI - it starts around 7am. Unless you plan on sleeping very late for most of your trip, this should not be a deterrent for you to book this hotel. Most days we slept until after 8am without a problem. The front desk staff of the hotel went above and beyond for us. There was an issue with the credit card I booked with, and they were very understanding. In addition, I want to give a special thank you to Aaron. He gave us advice about Universal which saved us both time and money. He was awesome!! If you are looking for any theme park advice, ask for him. Those of you on the fence about booking this hotel - have no fears. We are picky and we loved it here. Book away!!
I am a loyal Hampton Inn guest and a Hilton Honors member. I stay at Hampton Inns multiple times each year. The Orlando/Sea World Hampton Inn has the least accommodating and least friendly staff I have seen. No smiles, no hellos, no thank yous.On my last morning there, I requested a late checkout. I was told that late checkouts were not allowed, but as a courtesy I could check out 30 minutes late. Later, when I came to check out at my newly approved time, the same employee who gave me permission to check out late, reprimanded me for checking out late. I reminded her that she had given me permission to do so. She said I would be charged for a half day next time. This was not the service I've come to expect from Hilton. I won't go back to this location.
The hotel was themed around seaworld! They had a shuttle to the park saving the 30.00 parking fee! And you get free fast pass and in park discounts just for staying at this hotel! My family and I couldn't be happier with all the accommodations and the friendliness of the staff!
Very happy to visit the Hampton. Easy check-in and check-out. The room was very clean so overall we were happy with our stay. Only real problem was that the business center PCs need fixed because the browser crashed continually during my attempts to do my airline check-in
Our staycay for our family of 6 was a great experience. Our suite was large and provided room for the kids to move around. Kitchen with microwave saved us money since we could pop popcorn and make other snacks as needed. Extra charging outlets were a plus to all of us. We are planning our next staycay already! Walking distance to Seaworld. Shuttles available to all surrounding theme parks even Busch Gardens in Tampa!
Great place to stay. Excellent staff and customer service. We planned a last minute trip for our niece's spring break. We had never been to this hotel before but was pleasantly surprised. It was located very close to Sea World which was a plus for us. We would recommend this hotel to our friends and have already marked it as a place we will return to stay in the future.
This was a great property, off the traditional Disney-beaten path, but a great find for a great price. My mom and I visit the area frequently and have tried many hotels in the Disney vicinity, both on and off site. We search around for best rates, and this location was one of the least expensive in the Lake Buena Vista area during the weekend we were there. It was clean, well-decorated, and lovely. The main dining area for breakfast was very clean and the staff was quite friendly. The beds were amazing they were the most comfortable I've experience in a hotel in quite awhile. The only minor issue (which isn't really on at all) was that in the room we stayed in, the sink was in the bathroom, so my mom and I needed to wait on one another to use the sink facilities. However, it was a handicap accessible room designed to accommodate wheelchairs, so this may not be the set-up of all the rooms. The room itself was quite large and we had more than enough space for our comfort. We could have through a few extra people in the room and still have been just fine. Very clean, very modern, very well-kept. This location will go into our standard rotation for the Orlando area. Well done!
This is a brand new hotel with fantastic perks for Sea World... make sure to ask about all the offerings from shuttles to fast passes. The entire hotel has the latest furnishings, technology, and the staff is exceptional!Dear Jeremy B, Thank you so much for taking the time to tell us about your stay and choosing as your destination for your trip to Sea World. Your kind words regarding our staff means so much to us and we thank you for sharing them! We are extremely pleased to hear that you enjoyed your stay and all of the Sea World perks that come with it! We hope you and your family enjoyed your time at the park and look forward to seeing you soon!
Stayed at the SeaWorld Hampton for two nights on a recent trip to Florida. The hotel came exactly as advertised, we are familiar with the Hampton Brand, and I can thoroughly recommend this hotel as an excellent place to stay.Location is excellent, SeaWorld is an easy walk, Aquatica was a bit further but still only 25 mins for us as a family..and saved on shuttle times.Perks are as you would expect...quick queue being the best of all of them.Rooms were more than adequate...although my only surprise was there being no in room safe in ours (thought that would be a given in a tourist location).The best reason to stay at this hotel though was the staff. I cannot compliment them enough on their friendliness and readiness to help...from check in to check out, from suggesting places to eat and being kind to my son. We as a family appreciate when people are kind and polite to us, especially when the staff are dealing with 100s of people a day. First class...and enough of a reason for us to stay at this hotel again.Recommended by us for location and friendliness..and for what you would expect from a GOOD Hampton
On a recent visit to Orlando, I stayed at the Hampton Inn next to Sea World. This Hampton Inn is on par with the chain. Good, clean rooms and friendly service. Nice, bright welcome sign along the road greets guests. It is best to park on the right side of the hotel, as it is easier to enter the security doors. Cookies are out just after 5 30 in the evening.
We stayed here for 11 days just after spring break in the suites. As the hotel is newer (2 years old) it was in good condition and modern, one of the main reasons I chose it as some other properties are getting old and tired.It has a great location with easy access by car to Disney, Seaworld (across the road), airport, International drive and outlets shops, very central to most areas. It has an access point onto the i4 on the doorstep and the 528 nearby.We chose the suites as we wanted room for such a long stay as on previous stays at Hampton Inn's we have found the standard room cramped. The room is very spacious and comfortable with beds, large desk, sofa and basic kitchenette (a sink, fridge microwave). It's worth the few extra dollars if you can afford it. The only down side to the rooms was a big lack of clothes storage areas (3 small drawers 7 hangers in wardrobe) and no plates/utensils in the kitchenette to eat from.We did have noise from the floor above and had to call reception one night to get them call the room above to quiet down at 11pm. The rooms were serviced each day but the level of cleaning was pretty poor - no change of sheets and tiled floor filthy and had to wear shoes in room or got black feet.The breakfast area is nice with quiet a good selection to each and drink. They also have a little food shop near reception which we found really handy for light meals and a bear when we didn't want to go out at night.The pool area was very clean with lots of sunbeds and chairs to use. It would be nice if they heated the pool as the water was uncomfortably cold unless you were doing laps.It is linked to Seaworld and some great perks so you should look into this if you are intending to go.There are also trolley stops nearby which can take you to outlets, international drive and universal (but not Disney) which is handy if you don't have a car.There was no safe in the room or safety deposit boxes at reception, as Orlando has a reputation for hotel break-ins I found this odd and an area they should seriously address.The staff for the most part were disinterested and very causal (no uniforms at reception), for such a nice hotel this was a disappointment. Overall a good choice but not on the 'must' visit again list.
over the years the Hampton and has evolved to be a high value quality place to stay especially for business travelers. checking in checking out getting to your room all easy the room is clean and the staff was friendly and nice breakfast is pretty good it's really a great value in a wonderful place to stay
I try to always stay at Hampton Inns and this one is a good one. The staff is always friendly and willing to answer my Orlando questions. They even told me about some restaurants I had not heard of and a shortcut. I have another trip already booked there. I also like how it is clean and bug free. Yes, I know it is Florida, but bugs give me the creeps.
Me and my wife just recently stayed at this hotel. Very nice property, great staff from the get go. I was surprised at the quality of the qym equipment when I worked out on my stay. Like I didn't missed a beat from my home gym. But overall great hotel and I would definitely book again at this hotel very near future.
Too noisey if you need a good nights rest. People and kids in hallways very loud up and down on the elevator(our room was next to the elevator). Was told I got a discount with my AARP but it did not show up on my final statement after I returned home.The young lady at the front desk spoke very limited English and did not understand my complaint the next day. Breakfast was very good and available nice and early for people who need to leave early.
Our family stayed here for three nights due to the hotel's location walking distance to Seaworld and our previous great stays at Hampton Inns. We were not disappointed. First of all, the location to Seaworld is great as it was a 10 to 12 minute walk to the front gate. It was also a short drive to Disney World. And because the hotel is a Seaworld designated hotel, you can get special priviledges by walking next door to its sister hotel. These include a shuttle to Seaworld and Aquatica, a pass for each Seaworld ticket holder to jump each ride' s line once, and a discount card for food and merchandise. Just a warning that the shuttle was very crowded and makes multiple stops. But these perks were very much appreciated! The customer service at the hotel was so helpful and friendly, even taking time to explain how the tolls work on the highways, and where they would be located. The room was typical of a Hampton Inn, quite spacious and clean with a decent washroom. We used the small pool, which was fine for cooling down in the hot weather. I also used the business centre to print out something, and a safe deposit box behind the front desk, which was complimentary, to store our valuables. The breakfast was also a good way to start the day, with lots of tasty choices. One suggestion though is that since our family is vegetarian, an egg selection without meat in it would have been appreciated. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay at the Hampton Inn at Seaworld, especially considering the reasonable price we paid. With such value, we would definitely stay here again if in the same area.
Highly recommend this hotel! Clean and safe with good air conditioning. The room was very clean and well maintained throughout our stay. Lovely Neutrogena products in the bathroom. Free wifi throughout the hotel - even in the rooms. A large variety of offerings for breakfast, and the hot items varied every day for those people staying a few days. They even have take-away coffee cups if you want to take your coffee with you. My only complaint is that there are no safes in the room. We had to go down to reception every morning to use the safety deposit boxes there. Staff were extremely friendly though. Although this hotel is in close proximity to Sea World, we found it to be a convenient location despite not going to Sea World. You have easy access to all the other theme parks and very close to restaurants and shops on International Drive and elsewhere. There is an excellent CVS about 50 yards away that has just about anything you could possible want/need at regular/reasonable prices. We were very happy with our stay and would stay here again no question.
We stayed in this hotel for a quick weekend trip. The property is very new and the interior was beautifully decorated and clean. The location was a fairly short distance from all of the main parks/malls in Orlando, without all of the craziness of being right in the middle of everything. It was within walking distance of bone fish grill and a short drive from a bunch of other cool restaurants.Some reviews had mentioned construction noise which worried me initially, but we stayed there on a Friday and Saturday night and didn't hear a thing. The front desk agent (Nick) was very helpful and friendly, which started everything off on the right foot. I would definitely recommend this place!
The room was lovely and the staff was helpful. You can get free fast-passes for SeaWorld at the hotel next door. It was discounted on Booking.com, which is why we selected the hotel. It was worth the price. The bed was hard to get used to because at home we have a memory foam, but it was still comfortable.
We stay at a lot of Hampton Inns (my wife is a diamond HHonors member) and this property ranks near the top for ones we've stayed at. The staff was very nice and helpful. We had a 2-queen suite to the room was huge, but the sliding door on the closet was broken making it a challenge to access the closet. We only stayed 2 nights so we waited to report it on check-out. Breakfast was OK - the area is small and if you hit it at the wrong time it's chaotic. Another weird complaint is that the parking spaces are very narrow. Parking our Honda Odyssey between two other vehicles, it was a challenge to open both front doors. The hotel is super-convenient to SeaWorld and Aquatica as well as a number of ammenities in the local area. It's easy to get in and out of the hotel when driving too. We'd definitely stay here again.
We stayed for one night after arriving from MOC airport. The staff at the desk was very welcoming and the room was great. The room was clean and the beds were very comfortable. Very quiet hotel and the breakfast was not bad at all. We will come back if the rates keep like this.Dear Gerald1961,Thank you so much for taking the time to write about your recent stay here at our property. We are so glad that our location was convenient for your trip from the airport. Whether you're taking a trip to any of the parks or for a quick layover, we hope you keep us in mind. Until next time, we would like to wish you safe travels and hope you have a Happy New Year.Our best,Nicholas Houck
Great breakfast, good location, good customer service, and dirty rooms. Brand new hotel but both rooms were dirty. Food on the floors of both rooms, pretzels and Cheerios, and hair in the beds and shower...
Super clean and super comfortable with a great price. We stayed for two nights and had a perfect weekend. Right across the street from SeaWorld (all the SW parks are very close). We also went to Universal and it was a short highway-free drive away. Breakfast was very good with hot and cold choices - waffle line is a bit long and unorganized (people got a little huffy behind us). Front desk was friendly and efficient. Coming home wet from some late night water rides, it was real nice to have hot coffee in the lobby!! We will return!
We booked here last minute and we could have not have been any happier first off the front desk lady (Emily) was amazing she went above and beyond, she is what customer service should be like at all hotels !! The room was clean and huge everything brand new. We used the pool 2 times in the 4 days were there and everything it was very clean and not peaked at all. My 13 year had the breakfast 2 mor I ga and he said on both occasions it was good. We will def be back in the coming months .
The floor were so dirty our feet were black within minutes of walking into the room and kicking our shoes off, there was urine on the toilet seat and long black hairs in and on the bedding. The bed was hard as a rock so if you like sleeping on bricks that will be awesome for you. Oh and if you're going to seaworld and want the discounts etc you have to walk next door to a sister hotel but they are only available from 7am-10p. Make sure you get everything too because we did not. The staff did clean the toilet seat and we there was an extra blanket we just used and kept socks on because we were too exhausted to deal with anything else.
This is a brand new hotel in what seems to be a newly developing area near sea world. That being said, there's a lot of construction on additional hotels right next door. Every day during our week stay, there were people working, tractors moving and beeping at the crack of dawn and late into the afternoon. Also, I shared a room with the a coworker, although I appreciate the nice design of a hanging barn door for the bathroom, I think adding a lock would've been a good call. No lock on the bathroom door is a little awkward. The track was also not level on the door so it would slowly open when you tried to close it all the way. We had to resort to wedging a towel between the door and the threshold to keep it from rolling open. That aside, the hotel has everything you need, free breakfast in the morning, business center, and a cvs close by. If you're a budget traveler or just need a basic room for business, this is a good one.
Nicely appointed Hampton Inn that opened in 2015. Good service. Comfortable beds. Very close to Sea World with shuttle service to the local parks. Lower rates than some of the other Hampton Inns in the area.
I have been traveling from LA to FL consistently for business since January. I stumbled upon this specific location one week trying to find the best Hilton rate in the area. Once I stayed here, I tried to book it whenever I was in the Orlando area.It is a newer hotel - loved that most of all. The construction of the hotels on either side never bothered me. I just didn't notice once I was in the room.I was always greeted in the most pleasant way as I was there so much, Whenever I checked in, Nick was always so friendly and welcoming. Even remembering my name when I would arrive. He would always take the time to engage in conversation and I was glad he was usually there. I also want to recognize Veronica on the morning shift. She, like Nick, was always so pleasant and helpful!I will stay at this hotel every time I head to Orlando for business. I truly enjoy my stays - even if it is for work!
the hotel was clean nice rooms perfect location we were traveling north from wpb due to Irma Hurricane and having the chance the get a room was very helpfull for us a family, I got the room after talking to another hotel from the same chain and the were nice to us!
Overnight stay on business. Very nice new facility. Room was clean with quality flat screen TV and excellent cable reception. Working fridge and microwave. Walking distance to 7-11, CVS, and Bonefish Grill.
For the price, this was a very nice hotel with some wonderful extras such as Quick Queue for the 7 major rides at Sea World for your entire party. The rooms are average and breakfast was much better than expected. My complaint when it came to breakfast was there were far too few waffle irons (2) for the number of guests their placement. However, This seems to be an issue everywhere. This creates a major roadblock as guests are waiting in line for a considerable amount of time and blocking the rest of the buffett.My biggest complaint was housekeeping - While my room on the surface was clean but quite obviously had not been vacuumed for a while as there was long hair everywhere. My other complaint was the thin walls and the long corridor make each floor an echo chamber. you will every door slam, conversations from the other end of the floor, and crying baby.
My fianc and I stayed here for one night while in Orlando. very easy access to attractions. easy to find from the airport. there is a bone fish w/in walking distance for dinner. the free parking and free breakfast was great!
The hotel look like a new contruction and is a very nice area. close to restaurants and my work location. Very quiet area in the night not close to any highway, no noise from cars or truck like in other hotels.
I am so picky! This hotel exceeded our expectations for our family of 5 visiting discovery cove (most wonderful place ever ) and aquatica . It was so clean and suite perfect for our big family . Breakfast staff and all staff work really hard . Stay here ! You won't be sorry !
We stayed at this hotel previous to our flight taking off early in the morning at Orlando airport. We experience no problems the room was clean and the staff was friendly. We would definitely use this property again if we are in the same situation.
Looking at hotels in the seaworld area I came across this one. In price comparison it was very well priced. The quality of stay was great! Room didn't lack anything. It was clean. And free, included breakfast was awesome.
We stayed here for 5 days. We were a family of 10, with 3 reserved rooms. I chose this Hampton Inn because of the reviews here. We like the Hilton/Hampton brand very much because of its quality of service and cleanliness.This is a newer hotel (aprox 1yr ). It is beautifully decorated. Check in was easy. Rooms were super clean and well appointed. Yes, there is construction on both sides of the hotel but we were never bothered with noise. Beds are so comfortable that you fall asleep in no time. Room had a microwave and refrigerator. Breakfast was good and included eggs, ham or sausage, breads , pastries, yogurt, fruit, coffee, tea, waffles, juice and cereal. Everything you need to start your day with a full belly. The employees in the breakfast area were very very nice and acomodating.Hotel includes wifi and free parking. It is at walking distance to Sea World, CVS, 7 Eleven and a seafood restaurant. Also, they have a shuttle to the parks. Easy access to the highway and International Drive. Highly recommended!!
I have been a Hilton Honors member since the inception of the program. Arrived at the hotel with family, and a man checked us in for a room, confirming the reservation (had conf. ). Then Veronica Bonilla, asst. GM, came to the desk and said my reservation was cancelled per my bank. When I questioned that, she became unpleasant. She stated the hotel had called me 3 times (no record of calls on my cell phone). I called my bank, it seems the hotel had imputed my expiration date incorrectly. I had confirmation for a suite but was given a different class of room with a slight decrease of cost (12.38). However, we waited for over an hour (with a toddler) for another room, even though my original room (suite) was still available.The next morning we went for breakfast about 9:50 am but part of the food was already taken away. Earlier than the 10 am noted time. We had to eat out at a restaurant. I have traveled to many Hilton's for business and pleasure and this by far had the worst customer service, especially follow-up by a manager (with attitude) and untruths that I had been called. I was also told that the GM would call me on Monday, again no call. If you are in the Seaworld vicinity, stay at another property. With our annual passes, I know I will next time. Additionally, when I was at the desk, another customer was also complaining about misinformation they had received by a clerk about the shuttle. When I checked out, the clerk gave me my receipt and then said, oh did I give you the wrong persons receipt. After I showed it to her, she said, no, that is yours!
We stayed here for one night while visiting Magic Kingdom. Hotel is clean and new with a very friendly staff. Great location near the outlets and International Blvd. You can walk to a 24 hour CVS from this location if you need anything. Would definitely stay there again.
Hampton is less than four months old. Wife and I stayed here to visit Sea World on New Years Eve. Pleasantly surprised that we could walk to the park entrance (4-5 blocks), saving the 20 parking fee and no waiting on the huge lines of cars leaving when the park closed. Felt perfectly safe walking to and from, even at 1 AM. Rooms are modern, attractive, and functional. Highly recommend!
Brand new hotel and a great bargain at 89 per night plus tax. As others mentioned, there was NO RESORT FEE, which was the main reason we chose the Hampton over the nearby Renaissance and Hilton hotels. Our family (all adults) found the Hampton's location convenient. It took only a few minutes walk to the Seaworld parking lot, then crossing the lot to the main entrance took a few more minutes. There are not many businesses in walking distance of the hotel, other than a Bonefish restaurant and a Walgreens store, but several new buildings are being constructed nearby. If the City, Seaworld, and/or Hilton plan the area to be more pedestrian friendly, it will be a big draw for travelers. Rooms are nicely furnished. Beautiful bathrooms, although the only lighting option was VERY bright and the fan was weak (just minor issues). We definitely took advantage of the Hampton's daily breakfast and we appreciated the free coffee and tea, which was available in the lobby 24/7.
Great stay for one day mother and daughter reunion. Which it could off been longer, but time was short. Was happy to stay with my daughter for the day and visit Universal Studios. Great hotel accommodations. Great Staff
We had planned to stay at a different property but hurricane Matthew changed our plans (the fine folks at Hilton were amazing to wave all cancellation fees during this time) and we were able to find this hotel that worked out better.Pros: quick checkin, clean rooms, WALKING distance to Seaworld (saves 20 bucks!), shuttle to Seaworld if you don't want to walk, FAST PASS for major rides (only use them once though - not an all day pass just one per ride), really large room for the type. Speaking of the room - the use of a sliding barn door for the bathroom is a stroke of genius for all the room it adds to the configuration due to the fact they they don't have to deal with a swinging radius. Cons: breakfast wasn't really a con but it was lackluster. Not enough to plummet the stay by any stretch of the imagination. The eggs were super powdery. But there was enough to find sustenance. All in all - great experience.
Very spacious and pleasant room, easily accessible. Breakfast was very good with plenty of selections and comfortable surroundings. There were five in our party, three children and two adults, and the room easily accommodated us with two queen size beds and a fold-out double bed, but a spacious area for all.Dear Ernest H,Thank you so much for taking the time to provide us feedback about our property and for choosing us for your trip. We are so thrilled that your stay with us was pleasant and that your party was comfortably accommodated! We truly hope you enjoyed your experience at our Hampton Inn Suites location and we look forward to seeing you all very soon!
Our room was very spacious, clean, and well appointed. When we were looking for a restaurant the staff at the front desk we're very helpful with recommendations. We were leaving early in the morning for a 10 hour drive. The breakfast buffet was promptly open at 6am, and stocked very well with many choices. We will stay again when we go back to Orlando.
We stayed in one of the 2 queen bed Studio rooms for a Disney weekend. It was very nice! So spacious! Very clean except the carpet had a few spots that felt dingy but I have seen way worse. Beds and couches were clean. Shower was the best in a hotel I have ever seen. Clean and nice hot water. Loved that they had Neutrogena products for soap!Felt like new beds. Convenient clean kitchenette with fridge and microwave, huge sink and coffee maker. Huge nice tv. Dining table. Order Inn/ room service through a third party availability was so awesome and convenient after a long day and Midnight arrival back from Disney. They provide a large variety menu in the room for you and it's Reasonably priced and arrived quick. Disney was about 15 minutes away with traffic. Food, gas, etc only a few minute drive away. Quiet and clean end of town. No riff raff. We felt very secure here. Free breakfast was amazing and the dining room was gorgeous and clean with TV and newspapers available. Staff was super nice!! They also have a little shop to get things that you forgot to pack like toothbrushes, snacks, etc. Overall awesome hotel. Had a great time and it was toddler friendly. Didn't have time to use the pool or the gym but they looked nice. We will be back!
Its not often that you get to stay in a brand new hotel ... and as of my stay in March 2016, this hotel is only 5 months old. Everything in it is new and clean ... quite refreshing. The rooms are generously apportioned and well kitted out. I was on the 3rd floor and found the noise levels to be very low. There is a construction site next door but even then the noise levels were not at a level to be disturbing. One tip .. if you are visiting soon, make note of the street address as 2 taxi drivers got lost ... not knowing the hotel due to its newness.
We stayed here for 4 nights booked through the Discovery Cove-Sea World package.Our room was very clean. The maid service was A+. The free breakfast buffet was very nice.We rode the free transportation called Maingate scheduled from the hotel. A+We also rode the Trolly 5 a day. We did encounter a very rude obnoxious driver on one of the trolley 's7-Eleven CVS (open 24 hours) located right out the back door of the hotel.Bone fish grill restaurant located out the back door too. (Expensive).The hotel is located right at Sea World, Discovery Cove Aquatica.We rode the FREE bus to Busch Gardens in Tampa, saved us from renting a car.(booked online) A+Staff at the hotel very kind but, you need to ask any all questions that you have they do not explain anything upfront.The pool is tiny, no frills but, it's a pool.The weight room A+.The laundry area clean but only one washer drier. (2 each).Parking area clean large.Nice quiet area hotel.I would highly recommend this hotel.The Discovery Cove package was very nice! We enjoyed each park especially Busch Gardens Discovery Cove. Aquatica Water Park: Clean and highly recommended for every age.Discovery Cove: Fantastic, especially snorkeling with the sting rays in the reef! Dolphin swim Sea Venture great too.Sea World: Great roller coasters now!!!Busch Gardens: Great roller coasters and much improved through the years! Free bus! A+Hampton Inn is great for the budget minded. If you want a more upscale hotel, Hilton Grand Vacations right across the street is fabulous, clean has activities through out the day evening. Outdoor pool movies indoor Movies, games, fantastic restaurant snack area. Two big, fun swimming pools. I would highly recommend that hotel for a larger budget. We are staying there if we return to the Sea World area. A+ to the Hampton Inn suites at Sea World. Clean, New and great location!
I stayed in Hilton Inn in other cities before this Orlando visit. Very disappointed specially the sleep quality with the noisy Window style AC unit. And being a gold member. I was not offering the free water when checking in!! Sigh... disappointed
Overall, it was a great experience. I would caution you that if you book through a third party that you confirm your requests directly with the hotel before arrival. Front desk staff very helpful. Breakfast staff more interested in chatting with each other while guests waited.
Location to Sea World is perfect, dcor is Sea World themed. Hotel was very clean and comfortable, perfect for single people or families. With 5 people we got a larger room with pullout sofa and small bar area, I will be looking for this size room again, we loved it! Breakfast area was great. Will definitely stay here again.
This property appears to be fairly new. The common areas and rooms are very well appointed and extremely clean. This is one of the best looking Hampton Inn properties I have experienced in a very long time. There were some issues that were severe enough to only give this property a 3/5 star rating. The rooms were not built well enough to block sounds from the corridors and adjoining rooms. I was constantly hearing people open and close doors and have conversations in the corridors late into the evening. I reported this the first evening but it never was resolved. Additionally, the housekeeping staff would congregate in the hallways and play loud music while cleaning rooms. This music was easily heard down the halls. This is extremely unprofessional. I also inquired upon arrival (3pm) about purchasing tickets to local attractions on-site. I was told I had to visit the Expedia travel desk at the hotel next door, but it was already closed. The clerk went on to tell me I should just go and buy them directly from the park. Again, very unprofessional. These issues will probably prevent me from staying at this property again.
My stay at the hotel was for one night only, after a visit to Seaworld. The hotel looks great from moment you pull in to the parking lot. The feel is pleasant when you come in the lobby. Staff was nice, and helpful. The room itself was very clean, and looked great. One of the most convenient things about the hotel is that it's almost across the street from the park Seaworld. They offered breakfast in the morning. Breakfast had a pretty good variety of things to choose from. All in all I was very satisfied with the hotel, and definitely would stay here again if ever in the area.
We have stayed in several hotels over the years and this one exceeded our expectations. It was a great price, 15 minutes or less from the theme parks, and the room(suite) was very spacious. The staff was very friendly and helpful as well, and offered coffee/ tea/hot chocolate while we waited for them to look in the lost and found. We had a great experience here.
Stayed for One night but really enjoyed our stay. Found the Hotel to be quite nice. The check in staff was on point. The rooms were of a nice size and layout was good. They are a preferred Hotel to Sea World and have some nice added benefits. Quick Que for one . Since we were going to spend the day at the theme park, we received 3 passes for the Quick Que free with our stay. That saved us 60 at the park and lots of time in lines at the rides. Free breakfast is a nice touch. Overall I recommend and would stay again at this Hampton Inn.
Our stay was great and for 84 a night(AAA rate) it was even better. The beds were comfortable, rooms were clean and the staff was very friendly. One thing that will mention, if you're expecting the room to be dark so you can get a good night's sleep, you might want to try somewhere else. The blackout curtains don't close the entire way, so instead they have some kind of plastic shade that you pull down that does nothing. A little bit after 6am it was extremely bright in the room so we were unable to sleep. Oh and the barn door for the bathroom is really noisy in the middle night so if you have an infant/toddler, go somewhere else. This hotel is close to Publix, right off the I-4 exit, you can walk to Bonefish Grill 7-Eleven and they have a free shuttle that takes you to Seaworld and Pointe Orlando.
We stayed here for just one night on our way to our condo. The hotel is really clean with amazing beds! Close to one restaurant and a gas station. Within walking distance to Sea World and Discovery code. The breakfast was better than most. No complaints and would definitely stay here again.
Beautifully decorated and new! Comfy beds and clean bathroom! Friendly staff! The breakfast was the typical Hampton breakfast and the meat/egg choice changed each morning. A nice topping bar for the waffles and oatmeal. This Hampton didn't disappoint! Very close to Sea World! NOT terribly far from Disney parks either. NO restaurants in walking distance.
Myself, my daughter and granddaughters stayed there to catch up and we had a great time. Room was perfect for us and the beds were very comfortable. We will certainly come back and do it again in the near future and stay at the same place
We had the wet bar suite and it was really spacious and nice for our family.Breakfast was great! Staff was super friendly and you are close to everything Disney and on I drive.We needed a pack and play for the little one and they had one ready which was nice.
If you are a family traveling with children, you will feel right at home. The proximity to Sea World attracts families of all nationalities...the only time you experience the family confusion is during breakfast. The property itself is new, well staffed and features Hampton's newest ideas as to what they perceive the traveling public desires.Dear frankmJ9377CF,Thank you so much for choosing our property during your trip to Orlando and writing about your recent stay with us! We truly hope you and your family felt at home here. We apologize for any confusion you may have experienced during our breakfast. Our staff will continue to work to improve the efficiency and flow of the breakfast area. We hope to see you all again here soon!Safe travels,Nicholas Houck
Pretty good hotel. Check in and check out was super easy. Staff was super friendly. Hotel was very clean and looked great. Room was well kept and stylish. The TV wasn't in front of the bed which was inconvenient for me (body pains). Bed was slightly uncomfortable and air did not stay on all night, so I was hot. There was a noise all night in the vents.
This is a newer property and it is well appointed, comfortable and clean. Very conveniently located in the attractions area of Orlando. The staff is very helpful and will assist in giving the guests the best information about the local attractions and theme parks. I recommend this hotel.
Ther were too many hassles during the check in process and rooms not being available multiple times. The travel party of eight with all of the Baggys have to be moved to three different locations not because of their request because it was thought to be available after all. It was a big castle after traveling for 14 hours. Greetings Theresa,When we spoke at check out, I thought we were able to make it right. Please email me at yoldeen.saintforthilton.com directly so I can understand the reason behind the 2 star review. I'm sure we will be able to resolve this.Assistant General ManagerHampton Inn Suites at SeaWorld Orlando
Stayed at this hotel for business and was delightfully surprised. The hotel is new, so it was VERY CLEAN, cool, spacious rooms, excellent breakfast and awesome location by Sea World. Also, it was a short 15 minute drive to the Orlando Airport. Very affordable hotel and certainly a step above a typical Hampton Inn. The staff was very friendly and accommodating, taking the time to make sure our group was satisfied. Nick at the front desk was really great our entire stay and we all appreciated his efforts to make sure we were pleased.
This hotel is clean, extremely close to Sea World and employs beautifully dedicated and helpful staff. Yes, there is construction next door (new hotel being built) but the rooms were quiet and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The breakfast staff made my daughter's day when they gave her a magical princess wand and brought her a banana when they appeared to be all out! They go out of their way to be kind and made our stay memorable!
Great Hotel. Clean and comfortable. Excellent value. Great location. No extra fees and free parking! Would definitely stay here again. Includes breakfast with very nice selection. Staff very courteous.
if you don't mind staying a out of the main stream this is your place good value parking is easy and the staff is friendly make sure you don't get a room by the elevators the bell will wake you up also make sure you don't eat the plastic apples they leave in a bowl in the meeting room why plastic vs realHi there Jerry C!Thank you for the great rating we appreciate your feedback so much! Haha our plastic apples, but we also have the real deal as well in our kitchen! On your next visit, please ask a Front Desk agent for one and we will be glad to get you a few. :)-YS
The HVAC did not work properly leading to both of us having a restless night's sleep. The location was great and the room and layout were also ideal. It is a beautifyl new hotel however, I always sleep through the night even when away from home, and especially after walking over 3 miles at Epcot that day. Was unable to get comfortable, even though I brought my own pillows too. Checked out after one night's stay so would not have another restless night. Expressed our disappointment to the front desk and no alternative was offered, such as moving to another room, or fixing the unit in the existing room. Also, there was no mention of the 100 satsifaction guarantee, so I did pay for the one night.Dear Gary A,I would like to first take this opportunity to apologize for the late reply and to also express my sincerest apologies for not following through on our 100 Hampton guarantee with you during the time of your stay. We ensure all of our guests who come to our property, If you're not satisfied, we don't expect you to pay. I am thoroughly disappointed that we were not able to exhaust another alternative or fix the problem immediately and make your stay more comfortable. I would love to help make this right. If you would so kindly, please send me an email with your full name and the night of your stay at nickhamptonorlando.com so we can take care of you.
This is a very nice hotel located very near to sea world. The beds are comfy and room very clean. Enjoyed my one night stay. This is a new hotel so everything is brand new and not worn. Complimentary breakfast was very good. Hotel was easy to find and has many available restaurants nearby.
We chose this hotel for its proximity to Sea World and because we got a great deal. We have stayed at many Hampton Inn properties across the USA and can honestly say this is the best.It's new and has very comfortable beds, a large digital TV with on screen channel guide, and a powerful stand-alone shower (no bath). The complimentary breakfast was good quality, attentively replenished and the hot foods varied daily.You can walk to Sea World in about 15mins on paths (Side walks), or there is a complimentary shuttle to avoid the car park charges. If you walk out of the back of the hotel there is also a good Bonefish Grill restaurant, a CVS and a 7 Eleven which can be accessed via a connecting path. Disney Springs and the Premium Outlet Mall at Vineland are only 15 mins drive.There are 2 adjacent hotels under construction but we found the hotel to be quiet and peaceful during our stay.We have booked again for our next trip in October
Homewood Suites at LBV is a very nice place to stay for a few nights. The suites offer a living area with a kitchenette, with a private bedroom and bathroom. Our room was clean and the bedding was very, very comfortable. The price is very reasonable. The staff was warm and friendly, and happy to assist. They were capable of answering my questions, and were very hospitable.
The hotel was very nice, all the staff was friendly and courteous. Front desk staff not too good with the directions unless you liked to ride on I 4 and follow the signs. The hotel is close to I 4 and there was just too much traffic noise for me, it is unlikely i would stay here again.
My partner booked a two night stay at this hotel on my 1st visit to Orlando. I was pleasantly surprised as to how nice it was considering the places we drove past on a daily basis. First impressions were great, the hotel was clean and contemporary (evidently fairly new and well kept). All staff were very friendly and accomadating to our needs. The room was great, the kitchenette area had everything we needed and more. Not the best view but it was definitely comfortable. LOVED the jacuzzi and made good use of the gym even though the stay was short. Breakfast was nice and filling and I remember us ordering a pizza from the downstairs restaurant which wasnt bad at all either. Overall a very good stay would highly recommend and stay here again.
Comfortable, clean, spacious rooms and delicious breakfasts and dinners makes this an unbelievable good deal. We put our family of 6 in the two queen suite and we were more than comfortable. Even had headphones available in the gym. Awesome!!! I never want to stay anywhere else!
Breakfast, rooms, and all the staff except for the Front desk were great. When my family and I took a shuttle back from Disney we were dropped off 4 minutes away in the middle of the road while it was pouring and when we asked the bus driver he told us to f**k off his bus. No apology or anything. I was told by staff that I would receive some type of compensation (points, etc) however at the end of my stay I was told I will be receiving nothing. I honestly just wanted at least an apology for what my family had to go through that day and if Hilton is nice enough something else. Worst Hilton experience which is sad because my family and I always stay at a Hilton associated property because of the due care they have. Very sad by this stay and even more upset they way I was lied to and the situation was handled.We are sorry we were not able to provide you with a better quality of service. This is not typical of our hotel and staff, and we are always looking for ways to improve our customer experience. Your satisfaction is very important to us and we try hard to make sure all of our guests have a great stay. Thank you for your feedback and we hope you will consider staying with us again.
The quality of this hotel was outstanding. Everything was perfect: it looked clean it smelled clean the bathroom was immaculate the suite was always quiet the staff was courteous and helpful. I couldn't possibly recommend this hotel too much. It was truly outstanding, especially for the price!!
Totally worn towels with a blackish appearance, there was a bunch of hair in the bath-tub that wouldn't drain. Carpets in bad condition, dirty walls, only hot water from the sink, it was hard to get cold water from it. Carpets in bad conditions, only one elevator. Not a good relationship Price/benefit. My best advise is to avoid this hotelThank you for taking the time to share your experience about your recent stay at our hotel. You are among our most valued guests. We sincerely appreciate your feedback and we're very sorry you were unhappy. We will take your comments under consideration as we continually work to improve our guest experience. We hope you will consider staying with us in the future. We have addressed all issues with the housekeeping staff. Please note we start our renovation at the end of this year. Sincerely,Les HarrisGeneral Manager Homewood Suites Les.Harrishilton.com 407-239-4540
We've been staying at this particular Homewood Suites for years...the location is a great, the staff are friendly, the rooms are clean and well-maintained. The dining area is large--much larger than many other Homewoods we've visited--which is good because the place is always packed with families enjoying the complimentary breakfast. That being said, we've never tried their breakfast--because the area is always too crowded to find a table.Also, I've never quite understood why a light evening meal is provided for guests on Monday-Thursday, but not on the weekends, when the price of a night's stay actually goes up (rather than being reduced). I should mention this is NOT unique to this Homewood Suites--they all follow this policy.The only issue we have with this location is that over the past couple of years, we've had a recurrent issue. Specifically, this is the third year in a row that the type of room we reserved (10 months in advance of our stay) was not available when we checked in. A manager was not available, so I requested a price reduction and bonus Hilton Honors points because of the inconvenience (a very common request at Hilton properties that has always honored when I have requested it). The price reduction was given immediately. I was told that the bonus points request would be forwarded to their manager who would take care of this. Each day of our stay, I asked whether this was taken care of...and I was told each time that they would forward the request to the manager--who was never available. On our last day, at check-out, I asked again...and was told this would be forwarded to their manager--who was still not available. It's now been a month--and no bonus points. This is not a deal-breaker, but it does tarnish their customer service reputation a bit.Overall, a nice place to stay, but I'm also considering other places to stay in the area.
Hotel was just what we needed after a long drive and resting prior to our week at Disney World. We had a big group with a few kids. The price was great for the extra room that we needed after a long drive. We were able to get filling breakfast before our long day at Disney world. Thanks so much for taking the time to share your feedback! We are pleased that we met your expectations and hope to see you again. Regards, Mike Fatta
Nice suite with bedroom, living room and kitchenette, good for family visit to Epcot. The shuttle goes to Epcot where you can catch the monorail to the other parks. The property shares pool/spa/workout areas with a sister property which is nice.
Average breakfast, dated rooms, polyester bedding, but it was quiet, clean, and very close to all Disney parks. Free parking was also nice considering we had to pay 20/day at Disney parks. The hotel does offer free shuttle to Disney, but I think it might be just to Magic Kingdom and only a couple times a day, so it was a lot more convenient for us to drive. Full kitchen also enabled us to eat dinner in the room a few times there's a Publix three minutes away. Would stay there again.
We have stayed here before for this very reason. it is located 5 minutes from Sea World, literally right across the street from the entrance to the Disney property. 2 grocery stores are very close.We had a 2 queen suite, beds very comfortable, with living room and kitchen, really all you could want. We were there in mid December and it was very crowded. The best thing about this hotel is the staff that cooks and runs the dining room for breakfast. We would go down in the morning and have to search for a table, but those guys were running at full speed, bussing tables, taking your used dishes, doing every they could to make the breakfast go smoothly. In a lot of places they would have a melt down, but not here. John remembers us from year to year. The front desk could take some lessons from this crew in customer service!This is our go to place when we go to Orlando. Everything was fine, except, for the front desk people who appear to be unengaged.
After having surgery, I needed to recover and needed a comfortable place to rest. The staff made me extremely comfortable. The room was peaceful and I didn't have any issues. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone needing some peaceful rest.
I was here for four nights with my husband. It is in a good place, safe, quiet, not far from the attraction areas. It is between Disney and Universal areas. The hotel is located next to the I-4 highway, we had a room looking at the highway and it was good, no noise, you can see the Orlando Premium Outlet and some horses in a vast green area. The staff at the front desk totally helpful and polite. We had one bedroom suite and it was really comfortable, very clean. The free wifi connection excellent. The only thing I didn't like and I got bored was the breakfast. Everyday the same buffet breakfast: sausage and scrambled eggs. I think they should vary it. The dinner was good and delicious. The staff at the breakfast and dinner area very nice and they did a good job. I recommend this hotel and I would stay here again.Hi there zlbenites!Thank you very much for your positive feedback. I 'm so glad to hear that you and your husband enjoyed your stay. It's so refreshing to hear how were doing from you: our valued guest. I want you to know that my team and I take these reviews very seriously. I share every last one with them so they're all aware of how we're all doing. It's encouraging but it also gives us ideas for how to wow future/returning guests. I will definitely share this with the breakfast chef so he knows to add more variety. Thank you again and see you next time!
Very satisfied with my stay. Good value. Breakfast was adequate. Pool looked nice but didn't use it. Location was close to disneyworld and they offer a shuttle but we didn't use it. Friendly staff. Hilton Garden Inn next tood has a restaurant and bar.
I stayed at this hotel for 1 night only. The suite was comfortable and loved having two rooms. The staff was friendly and the hotel was clean. Parking was hard but is free. I would stay in this hotel if the rate was good
The food at the evening social was inadequate. Food provided was boiled hot dogs, stale hot dog buns, salad with only lettuce and cheese, and no chips. The most disappointing evening social meal that I've ever had at a Homewood suites.
The hotel staff was very friendly from check-in on. We stayed for six nights on a trip to Disney and Sea World. Both are in very close proximity to hotel. Our room was beautiful and clean. Housekeeping came each day. Bed was super comfortable. The breakfast offered daily was amazing with plenty of hot and cold choices, plus you could make your own waffles! Monday-Thursday there was a complimentary dinner which was also delicious.The pool is shared with the Hilton next door, but it was never too busy to be a problem. The pool was nice sized and kid and adult friendly. Many restaurants and shops/grocery stores were within one mile. My husband loved the fitness center as well.Then interstate runs right behind the hotel, but noise was not a problem.We had a great experience and would highly recommend!
We stayed here for 4 nights 2 weeks ago while we took our two kids (3 years and 5 months old) to Disney. Our 3 yr old slept on the sofa bed in the separate living room which he thought was awesome because it was a hidden bed but I don't think it would have been very comfortable for an adult, fine for kids though. The kitchen was a nice size and fully stocked with dishes, fridge/freezer, cooktop, microwave and dishwasher. Our room overlooked the pool which looked nice we didn't get a chance to use it as we were too tired from Disney. The room size was nice for the 4 of us and had lots of room for the kids to play and a crib. We were very happy we decided to stay in a 1 bdrm suite instead of a standard room.The location was great it was about 5 minutes from Downtown Disney and was very easy to get to all the Disney parks. It would have been a good location for Universal Studios or Seaworld if we wanted to go there. It was very close to a bunch of restaurants that you pass on your way in and out of Disney.The breakfast was good, it wasn't amazing but was a good way to start the day and there was enough variety to keep all of us happy. The Mickey Mouse waffle was a big hit with our son.Thank you for staying with us at the Homewood Suites Lake Buena Vista. I am glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us and took the time to share your experience. The family at the Homewood Suites looks forward to your next visit with us!
We stayed 8 nights. Great rate found online. Suite was clean and perfect for our family of 5. Only had room cleaned 3 times but crew did a good job. Breakfast crew was very friendly and worked hard. Pool was great on our rest days. Evening social was nice on the 2 nights we attended. Only a mile from Downtown Disney and easy access to highway for a 10 min drive to all parks. Will definitely stay again.
This was the first time we'd visited a Homewood property,and I have to say we were all really impressed. OK,for those who like boutique places,then this will not do,but for a large family group,nine in our case,all of whom like their food and drink,and appreciate clean,comfy rooms,then it's hard to beat. The rooms are spotlessly clean,and the breakfast in the lounge is more than adequate,as are the pm snacks. There was never a problem finding a seat,nor the 3 car parking slots we needed. The same goes for the pool loungers,and the pool/spa area was fine,tidy and convenient. Compare this to a number of places we've been over the years,where seats,car spaces and pool space was a mad scramble each night. I guessthis is a fairly new property,and might be discovered by the package groups,but ,till then it's hard to think of a better choice for those wishing to visit Disney,Universal or Int'l drive.
Booked this hotel on line, my daughter wasn't feeling well. Close to downtown Disney. Staff friendly and helpful. Room clean and comfortable. Breakfast was very good make your own Mickey waffles. Would stay there again.
This was my first time ever staying at a Homewood Suites. I'd comparison shopped hotels in the area for a while leading up to our Disney vacation, and for me the modern look of the rooms and the complimentary hot breakfast and dinner made this hotel the best value. The room was spotless each day when we returned from the parks and was always well stocked. We had a nice view of the pool and were very close to the elevators. I love that the rooms have separate living and sleeping areas. The only thing I didn't enjoy was listening to the people above me sliding their dining chairs across the tile floors at all hours, but other than that, the hotel was very quiet. The location was good and seemed to be right in the middle of everything as far as Disney parks, restaurants, stores, and banks. The hotel also has a Disney shuttle, but we didn't use it because we didn't want to be stuck at any of the parks for a whole day. I will say (perhaps depending on your issue) it takes more time than it should to have issues resolved both through the hotel and Hilton. I got the run around for months and had to call customer service several times for something the former manager could've fixed before we left Florida.Greetings, My name is John Carpenter and I am the Assistant General Manager here at the Homewood Suites by Hilton and wanted to take the opportunity to thank you for your feedback. We are glad that you enjoyed your stay with us and appreciate your business! Guest feedback is very important to us. We use this to help us continue to improve areas that need it. We strive for an exceptional experience every time. I am sorry to hear about your past experience and the delay in resolving your problem. If there is anything we can do or you have any questions please don't hesitate to let us know! Thank you once again for taking the time to provide us with your feedback!
All staff that we encountered were over the top friendly and helpful. Rooms immaculate and beds very comfortable. Location great! All food served with breakfasts and the evenings (Monday-Thursday) great!
Let me start off by saying we loved this place and will stay again. We loved everything about it. The only reason that I gave it a 4 star instead of a 5 star is because they advertise that a hot breakfast is included (the food selection and quality are great) and that they offer dinner monday to thursday with your room booking. When we were selecting hotels we intentionally selected this slightly more expensive hotel because it offered these meals so that we could budget out our costs. I have stayed in Homewood Suites properties in Canada and the US and always had a great hot meal during the week. This hotel does NOT offer what they advertise. Their version of a hot meal was hot dogs or chips and salsa. One night they had lettuce, croutons and salad dressing as their offering. I booked the hotel because it had a kitchenette so we ended up cooking dinners but don't be deceived by what they advertise. We stayed at a homewood suites in Miami for our second week in Florida and the food offering was substantially better and they only advertised evening drinks and snacks. Other than that issue thus place is bright and friendly and has an activity centre in the lobby where you can book shuttles and buy tickets to events. We will stay again, just with slightly different expectations. As for the pool, it is fabulous for kids and adults although cold. We were fine with the cold pool however other guests were complaining about it.
We had room for seven but at what price, the breakfast was not good, the placement of the air conditioner had the air blowing on the beds most of the night or you shut it off and it was so hot you died of heat. The one air conditioner was making the floor wet and when I told the lady at the front desk she looked at me like she knew and did not care.Thank you for taking the time to share your experience about your recent stay at our hotel. We sincerely appreciate your feedback and we're very sorry you were unhappy. I know how frustrating the air conditioning issue must have been for you. I will speak to the staff personally to ensure that all notes are recognized when being left by our guest. We will take your comments under consideration as we continually work to improve our guest experience. We hope you will consider staying with us in the future.
Our family stayed for 8 nights from May 21-29 at this beautiful property. We stayed in a 1room suite (2 queen beds). On the 5th floor with a pool view. Very spacious,comfortable and clean room. From time we arrived til we left we had the exceptional service. Especially the staff at breakfast and dinner. Your all the best and know what service really is. Always replenishing food with a smile. Never had any issues getting room service (extra towels etc..) Many thanks to Ebony for making our trip a memorable one. The kids loved the resort style pool and basketball. Both a hit with the kids. Visited the parks during days and enjoyed the lovely pool area in evenings. We enjoyed the dinner (M-Th) and order for the Hilton Garden once. Much preferred takeout from Chevy's MexIcan and Fruddruckers and enjoy a nice dinner in the pavillion lounge. The location is close to many restaurants (Chili's, Uno's, TGIF, Fruddrukers, Olive garden and lots more! There is a Walmart Supercenter about 5-10 minutes away if you drive along Turkey Lake road. Nice guest laundry available on 1st floor. Just minutes away are the Orlando Premium Outlets (Vineland Road) and Premium Oulets International is about 20 minutes away. Preferred international ones better. Best family resort in Orlando with everything you need and more. Disney is about 10 min away and everything else isn't too far either. Very nice lobby, pool area and overall imaculate property. The 2 hotels is joined by the carribean resort pool and awesome hot tub.We'll be back and if your a family looking for a great vacation don't hestitate to stay here!
I love the Homewood brand but this visit at this location was extremely disappointing. The breakfast and evening social food was terrible. The room assignment was also unsatisfactory in spite of repeated requests to change rooms. Incessant beeping in room upon arrival turned out to be the dishwasher....really
We were originally check-in ( 3 rooms/ 2BR) to the hotel next door a Residence Inn and we check-out the next day,You staff is amazing, warm greeting, clean room, everything is up to date and working along with the room service and immediate attention for our entire stay was comfortable and affordable.
Hotel was great for family visit to Oralndo. Kids loved the pool and the parents love the free breakfast, drinks and the bar at the Hilton Garden Inn. The rooms wer very spacious and the kitichen was helpful.
One of the few properties with rooms a family can actually use. This property has 2 bedroom suites with a King bed in one room and 2 Queens in another. For our 4 person family, this couldn't have been more perfect. After a long day at the parks, the kids could go to sleep in a room with an actual door (the Doubletree has faux louvered doors that don't block out light or sound), and we could stay up and watch TV, have a snack, etc. without waking the kids.
We stayed here for two nights in May of 2013. The hotel is very nice and very modern. The rooms were clean and the staff was friendly. The hotel is approximately 5 miles from Disney. It is very centrally located as it is also near: a large selection of restaurants and the outlets. I will be staying here again and would highly recommend this hotel.
This was my first stay at Homewood, as I usually stay at the Hilton garden inn next door, but I will be staying at Homewood from now on. The room was spacious and comfortable overlooking the beautiful pool. Breakfast and dinner / drink reception is great. The food was not gourmet but it was pretty tasty and filling after a long day at Disney and its included with your room rate! My only issue, and it is slight, is that the parking lot was quite full by evening and it was difficult to find a spot, but I guess that means its a popular place. There is also tons of dining and shopping options nearby. This hotel is back off any main roadsso the noise level is quite low. Everyone I came in contact with at this hotel was friendly and very helpful. That is so important and much appreciated.Hello Rick S!Wow!! This review is awesome! I'm so excited to welcome you to the Homewood Suites brand. It sounds like you're a frequent guest of our sister property, Hilton Garden Inn, so kudos to you for trying another branch of the Hilton family. I'm also honored that we were your first! What a privilege! You definitely picked the right location to try out. Thank you so much for sharing your experience with us. I'm so glad that we left a good impression on you. I'm so proud of my team members for taking such good care of you and making your first experience so amazing. Take care and see you next time!
Stayed here for 1 night on a business trip. This was a Hilton resort which I prefer. Location was good (walking distance to Downtown Universal). Coffee shop was good for a light breakfast. Parking was very expensive! Bed was comfortable and room was good.
I totally recommend this hotel for convenience to Disney and value (FREE breakfast, dinner, Wi-Fi, plenty of free parking, two working computers in Biz Center and free printing/copying). Stayed here to attend a friend's wedding on Disney. The customer service is exceptional. You must insist on staying in a room that is NOT on the I-4 side of the hotel. The desk clerks allowed me to look at 4 rooms before I chose one. The lady at the tickets counter is VERY friendly and helpful, too! The rooms are really clean, however I did notice a couple of dried boogers on the wall next to the bed MAJOR Gross out I winced and wiped them off. The housekeeping staff are very helpful and efficient I cannot fault them for missing the boogers! LOL! The fitness center was clean and only had one non-working machine. This is an excellent place to stay! I totally recommend it.
Thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The suite was spacious for our 9 day vacation with a separate bedroom and living room/kitchen. The beds were very comfortable with soft linens and 5 or 6 pillows on the king bed. The complimentary breakfast daily served a variety of hot and cold items including fresh fruit and Mickey Waffles. There was a complimentary meal most evenings including beer, but we did not use that. The staff was friendly and welcoming and responded to our request for extra towels immediately. Very close to Downtown Disney and Orlando attractions. Quiet area. Nice pool area and fitness room. Would definitely recommend to friends and will be back on our next Orlando vacation.
One of the reviews said this property was dated and the rooms needed up dated but this Homewood suites is only about a year old! We booked friends here and we were pleasantly surprised with how nice the property was and how close to everything it was!
I'll start with the good, very near Sea World and easy drive to Disney. Delicious breakfast, fun pool, and overall kind employees. But one major negative problem was cigarette smell. Our room was almost uninhabitable due to the smoke smell, it hit you in the hallway as you open the door! It was so strong everyone got a headache, so we avoided staying in the room as much as possible. Supposedly non-smoking hotel but this room didn't get the message. We told the staff and reminded them everyday (stayed three nights), and they never were able to move us to another room. And I left my number for the manager and attempted to meet with him multiple times, but he never called or was available. So they made absolutely zero amends for the situation, not even a real apology. Too bad, because this place should be a great stay, but they shouldn't claim to be smoke free and certainly could be more professional in at least calling me back when there is a problem. So I won't be staying there again and would not recommend it after my experience. Good Morning Sir,I would like to start of by apologizing sincerely about smoke smell you had to endure during the duration of your stay. Our goal is to always make sure our guest leave here satisfied, and unfortunately we failed at meeting that promise for you. We are non-smoking hotel for this very reason, I would like to talk to you more about your stay, please, if you could please give me a call here at the hotel 407-239-4540 EXT 134, I would love to talk to you about this. Once again we sincerely apologize and I look forward to hoping in redeeming myself and our brand with you Sir. Thank you Les Harris
Check in was friendly and quick. The rooms are very spacious - we booked a suite with two queen beds and a separate living room and kitchen. Bathroom was spacious and stocked with necessary amenities. Although we didn't use the kitchen, it seemed well equipped to cook a simple meal. The breakfast is the standard hotel breakfast - eggs, cereal, bagels, coffee, The breakfast staff made sure food, plates, coffee, and utensils were always stocked. Fitness room was adequate. The pool and hot tub were nice although there were no pool towels stocked. Parking was free and there seemed to be enough spaces. We returned late and didn't have a problem finding a parking spot. This hotel has turned into one of our go to hotels while in the Orlando area as we have stayed several times.
My wife and I spent one week here. Our studio suite (bed room/living room/kitchenette/bath)was comfortable, clean and quiet. The well-trained staff was very friendly and helpful. The breakfasts were fine, although some higher fiber cereal would be nice. We did not sample the free dinners (Monday to Thursday). We would happily stay here again and plan to recommend it to family and friends. A minor complaint: the internet was S-L-O-W and needed to be re-approved each day. It also appears to be very family friendly. We don't believe you will be disappointed.
My wife and I went away for the weekend and randomly chose this location to stay. The price point betrays the service and quality was great. It is an all suite hotel. They offer breakfast every morning. It's not the best but certainly far from the worst breakfast you've had. It is convenient to just about everything.
This hotel is new, offers great service and is close to Disneyworld and other Orlando attractions. One of the biggest benefits is offering breakfast daily and dinners Mon-Thurs. The price of the stay and included meals saved our family approximately 1000 over our six-day stay vs. what we would have paid at a Disney resort.
This Hotel is not up to the standards my family is used to. The Front Desk staff were robotic and seemed annoyed. The Pool and spa were dirty and I got an attitude when I asked for pool towels. The evening social was a disappointment from what we have experienced from other Homewood Suites and the breakfast was lacking as well. The room was fine, a little outdated but the AC would turn on and off by itself and was really loud. One if the elevators broke down while my family was in it, luckily we were able to get out. This hotel is close to everything you want to do in the area, but i feel there may be a better choice somewhere else. We have had more than a few bad stays with the Hilton Brand lately. Not sure if I will continue being a Hilton Honors member. To top it all off, I wrote a review from the Trip Adviser link on my emailed receipt and it never got published. Not happy.
We needed an affordable last minute hotel with a hot tub close to Disney... we found it and more. Great staff, great hotel, great breakfast at a great price. We will use Homewood Suites at lake buena Vista again
Stayed here five days because it was reasonably priced. Just the same as a Hampton inn except for two things. One, the room and bath were bigger, room with a couch. Two, the breakfast was more expansive with a hot meat, hot scrambled eggs and hot potatoes. Oh, one morning the hot stuff was cold. We went to a nearby restaurant twice during our stay for a better breakfast. Staff was nice, but it took two tries to get another pillow.
This was a great hotel. The online check in worked great. Check in was quick. The hotel was nice and conveniently located to attractions. The breakfast was very good. We only were here for one night and arrived late so we were note able to use any of the other amenities.
Nothing's perfect, but whenever things are good, we certainly have to admit they are and recommend them to other people. My wife and I were traveling with my sister, brother in law and two young nephews, and everyone loved it. We stayed four days and they stayed almost two weeks!Before we booked this hotel, we had already paid for another one, which we cancelled when read more updated reviews about it, which actually were awful. Then started our haunt againg and found this nice hotel, with very spacious and comfortable suites, which all the time were spotless and well kept. I've stayed in Best Westerns, Holiday Inns, Hilton and many other chains, but this being my first experience with Homewood, really was surprising. So PROS: great spacious rooms, nice breakfast (don't believe the reviews that say other things we loved them), clean, convenient parking and location, staff.Few CONS: the unfriendly front desk lady who was there when we first came in. Though she chaged a little after that, she wasn't as friendly as the rest. The rooms that face the Highway are a bit noisy (tried one before getting onether one), though nothing really bad. Just ask for a non-highway one.I'd go back to this hotel and would recommend this chain over the other conventional ones, and they're almost at the same price range... Great stay!
We stayed here for a week while visiting our daughter who is currently working for Disney and stays at The Commons on the other side of the I4. The hotel was ideal for us. Although at check in we were disappointed our booked room (a King Bed Suite) wasn't available, the substitute suite with 2 Queen beds was very acceptable. Rooms were very modern with a fully equipped kitchen and sofa bed in the sitting room and en suite off the bedroom. Maid service excellent and the room was spotless. In room safe very roomy and easy to operate. We enjoyed the breakfast each morning - fruit juice, cereal, toast, muffins, bagels, preserves, cream cheese, eggs, bacon or sausages, most days hash browns, fruit (apples, oranges bananas) and our favourite - waffles. Didn't try the Manager's Reception. Particularly liked the card entry system that let you in to the room and also the leisure areas and extra doors from the car park. Several lifts round the hotel also made room access easy. Excellent value for money.
We made a last minute reservation at the Homewood Suite LBV for one night prior to driving to Port Canaveral for a cruise. Upon check-in, I wasn't quite sure how the visit would turn out as there was a heated conversation going on between a disgruntled customer and the desk clerk. The family had made a reservation for a one-bedroom suite and were assigned a studio instead. I understood the family's frustration after a long day of travel and I was a little concerned that I would not get the type of room I had reserved. Thankfully, the room we were assigned was great. The one-bedroom suite was very clean, quiet, and comfortable. We had a great night's sleep, enjoyed the free breakfast (which was pretty standard), and headed off for Port Canaveral. I would not hesitate to stay here again if the opportunity presents itself.
The nice part of a homewood suites is no matter where it is, you know what you are going to get. It is always a nice room, super clean and makes you feel like home. This location wasn't any different. As always, Monday-Thursday nights there is dinner and drinks on the house. It is often times tacos, pasta, fajitas, etc. the food is always great.
Super happy with this hotel. Location is perfect, right between Disney and Universal. Rooms are clean , comfy and spacious. Free breakfast, free parking, no resort fee and free evening socials. Not a super fancy resort but the best value you can get otherwise. Always a safe bet with Hilton properties. Thank you very much for taking the time to review the hotel. We appreciate your business and hope that you stay with us in the future. Regards, Michael Fatta General Manager
I was initially excited it spend 4 nights at this hotel because it meant I wouldn't have to worry about dinner during the week or breakfast since it is complimentary and I was the only adult with 5 kids under the age of 14. However what a disappointment the food was! The eggs tasted like slime. The mini Mickey waffles were always undercook even with the timer. The orange juice was always too watered down. It tasted more like water with orange flavor. And there was never any bacon! No American breakfast is complete without bacon. Don't even get me started on the dinner. Yes it was so bad we had to order papa johns pizza on Wednesday night and after giving the dinner another chance on Thursday we still had to order out. The pullout bed was terrible. I felt bad that my nieces had to sleep on it. I've never been to prison but I could imagine that prison beds were better than the coil bed they were sleeping on. It was so bad one of my nieces ended up sleeping on the couch and the other on the floor with extra blankets as her cushion. The kitchen, though very small, ended up being great because I was able to go to a local grocery store and stock up on snacks and cold cuts for the kids. If you are like me and are staying here for the benefit of food, don't do it. The food is something I would never serve to my own family. And if you are planing to use the pullout bed than plan for a bad nights rest for whoever has to sleep on it. I have stood in other Homewood suites and I am a Hilton Honors member so I expected it to be better but it wasn't. However everything in the room was clean. The maid was very diligent and I liked being able to use the laundry on site. The staff was also very friendly, especially the lady that works at the check in desk at night. Simply put, if the food was better quality and better tasting like other Homewood suites than it would get more stars.
Hotelvwas very clean and accommodating, staff were helpful and polite. The complimentary breakfast had a variety of healthy choices with enough room for clients to sit and eat. The only drawback was the limitations with parking.
Great staff and accommodations at a great place close to Disney. Breakfast was perfect for being complimentary. Ease of early check in was phenomenal, and the attentiveness off staff was on point. Will stay here again.
Poor cleanliness. Lack of attention to coffee station. Selected room online and put somewhere else. Breakfast selections were limited. Dishes not clean at breakfast. Parking was a fiasco. Would never stay here again. Would run to the nearest alternative hotel.
Easy check-in, many side doors to parking lots for easy access. Stayed in Rm 123, was very very clean!! Bed and pillows were very comfy and noise was no factor even with the pool outside the bedroom window. Ice machine was right outside the door but only light noise if sitting in the living area. I only stayed one night and wished i could of stayed a couple more, mainly for the bed!! Alrighty looking to book my next visit!
Stayed Thanksgiving week 2014 - 2 adults, 2 kids 6 and 12. The hotel is located about 9 miles from Magic Kingdom, 5 miles from Epcot. This is a nice hotel - I can not find any thing negative about this property.Impeccably clean, very well maintained, excellent breakfast service and they do provide a dinner service with beer and wine - what more can you ask for the price you pay This is great value!!Ofcourse, for the nitpickers - the dinner service is not lavish with 13 different options - its a basic dinner and the beer is domestic and wine is house wine - but hey...Nice pool, very attentive front desk staff - like I mentioned earlier, nothing negative to say about this place.
I don't ask very much more from a hotel than to have clean rooms, and for a hotel that is new the maintenance obviously lacks. The bathroom had hair from previous people. The bedskirt and in between beds had so much dust and dirt and even old chewing gum wrappers, it was obvious that it had never been cleaned. The carpet hadn't been vacuumed and the carpet in corridor was stained and dirty. It was very dissapointing but it was too late when we realised it, it all seemed okay at first sight. The hotel also overlooks I4 which I didn't care for.
We stayed here for our 2 week holiday to Florida and Disney. At first I was a bit concerned that we were not within walking distance like staying on international drive. But after a day we realised it didn't matter. The shuttle buses were really good and reliable and because our hotel was the first pick up we always got seats.Breakfast was available every morning and was a decent selection. My kids especially loved the mickey mouse waffles every morning.Snack food was available every Monday-Thursday and this was ok. Kids didn't really eat much, but the hotel next door with the bar you could order reasonably priced pizza and you could order from all the local take away and they would deliver to your doorThe pool wasn't massive, but for us this holiday wasn't about the pool anyway. The few times we did use it there was plenty of sun beds and it was all very clean.The room itself was lovey and had plenty of room for the 5 of us. It was kept very clean and tidy. We found the staff to be very polite and very helpful. I would defiantly stay here again
The hotel was great but the rep from trip advisor booked us the wrong room after i explained to him i needed 2 beds over the phone for an hour. Hoghly recommend homewood suits but i highly suggest not using trip advisors. Thanks for making our vacation rough trip advisors.
We stayed here in June, 2014 for a week-long vacation in Orlando. Though very close to Disney, it was less then ten minutes to SeaWorld and only about a 12 minute drive to Universal Studios. The road the hotel is located on can get you to all the major parks without getting on the interstate.We had a one-bedroom suite which worked out great. It was a nice property and well-maintained. The pool and other facilities were really nice. Daily housekeeping was wonderful. It was very convenient to have a kitchen and full sized refrigerator since we were there for the week. If you are going to Orlando to do the parks, I highly recommend this property.
We had a fairly decent experience. Room was clean and well maintained. Only complaint about the suite itself was the bed needs to be replaced. Great amenities for the price as well. Steer clear of the complimentary breakfast unless you want to fight with large families of tourists to use a waffle baker or if you prefer processed, cheap, nasty ham and powdered eggs. If you do then bon apetit
The hotel is great for families. It is very close to Disney. The rooms have a living room area and mini kitchen. The pool is small but with zero entry, great for kids. Full breakfast was great.On the negative side, the location, while very close, is in a congested part of the area. It is Near Hotel blvd, Downtown disney, and 535 which are all heavily traveled roads and can take twice the time as the same distance to the southwest of Disney. Too congested.The hotel could use a little more cleaning and more knowledgable staff.
We have been frequent guests at this hotel since it opened. The location is great if you want to be close to Downtown Disney and also I-Drive. The staff is friendly and very accommodating. The suites have clean, comfortable beds. The full kitchen is a plus for heating up leftovers or making light meals on the weekends. The suites have a separate bedroom, which is great for families. The bathrooms are the standard mini tub/shower combination. There is only one vanity, which is fortunately outside of the tub and toilet area. I really wish that hotels would do away with those ridiculous tubs and just put in showers for most of the rooms. The living room furniture is standard for all Homewood Suites. I don't think the buyer ever had to sit on the couch or chair. All of the furniture is very rigid and quickly becomes uncomfortable. On a positive note, there is a tray on the ottoman that you can use to bring food up to the room from the reception area. Pros- location, staff, consistent Hilton service, adequate breakfastCons- no evening meals Friday- Sunday, living furniture is very uncomfortable. Overall, if you are in the area, you can't go wrong with this property.
We spent 3 nights here and were happy with the room and the service. The rooms are not fancy but we had 4 adults and one eight year old and we fit fine. They have a nice pool and hot tub for after the parks.
I've grown to like this chain alot. Nicest breakfast around, included in the pricetag. As with alot of Orlando hotels, though, this one has way too many kids, and there was NO room for many folks to sit during the height of b'fast hours. The other concern I had was the lack of decent running nearby, but that's endemic to the area, not specific to the hotel. The room was fine, however, and no issues at all with any of the staff. I rank this one below the one in which I stayed the previous night near the Albany, NY airport. That one was superior, both in terms of the breakfast seating, breakfast selection, and the overall condition of the property (also fewer kids!) Running there was also better.
I do not recommend this hotel for anyone who values customer service or safety. The staff is not accommodating or friendly. There is a huge crime problem here and the management does not bat an eye. There is no security or concern for those staying here. The manager did not even attempt to contact us when our car was broken into on the property. Break-ins are a regular enough occurrence here that the Sheriff's office patrols at night regularly. If you value your vacation stay do not stay here.
We just stayed here for a week to go to Disney and Universal. I thought overall it was a great hotel for the price (you can use Hilton HHonors points to book, as we did). The pool area is nice and well maintained but smallish. They did have a large hot tub which we used a lot since we were there in January and the pool is not heated. They offer hot breakfast every morning with lots of choices and good protein (eggs, sausage, ham, etc). We also ate at the manager's reception 3x and it was good, although limited in selection. It did the job of filling us up so we didn't have to buy dinner at the parks. The suite itself was awesome! So nice to have a separate room (and TV) for parents and kids. The kitchen is great - it has a full fridge, dishwasher, and stove! You could definitely save more if you cooked dinner a few times there. There is a Winn Dixie nearby and lots of restaurants on 535.We used the shuttle a couple of times. It was ok. It was usually a few minutes late and their times are pretty limited. Overall I think this is a great choice for families who want to save some money and have a little more space in the room.
This hotel was a great value for the money. Complimentary breakfast AND dinner (Mon-Thurs). The location was perfect - convenient to Disney and Universal. It was far enough away from congestion, yet easy access to everything. Orlando Airport only 18 minutes away. The two room suite was perfect for our family. Their room service food (we had it twice) was better than most room service I receive when traveling. The hotel staff was wonderful. I would recommend this hotel for families on a budget looking to get the best value for their dollar.
This is my 2nd stay with the Homewood Suites brand. I am really loving the brand, maybe because I am a Hilton Honors member. Visiting the Magic Kingdom, we originally planned to start the trek back home that night, but since we stayed so late and were exhausted, we decided to stay in the Orlando area. Since we had six people in our party and that I'm a Hilton Honors member, I checked to see if there was a Homewood Suites nearby. I was lucky to find this one. I was excited that we got a great deal with this hotel, since most hotels are expensive in the Orlando area, but we were able to stay for around 90.00. Our money was definitely valued. The front desk clerks were very nice and our check in went smoothly. Our suite was very nice with comfortable beds. We did have some road noise from Interstate 4, since our room faced the interstate and the hotel was right next to the interstate. The road noise didn't bother us since we sleep with sleep machines. Breakfast was great and they had some great items. The hotel is close to most of the theme parks like Seaworld and Universal Studios. It is also very close to Disney. Overall, we enjoyed our stay. I really love the Homewood Suites brand. I do hope to stay again some time in the future.
Good hot that is close to the busiest interstate in the world I feel! Across the highway are the Prime outlets for those who shop. The complimentary breakfast was good! I wanted to say thanks to Tamar at the front desk who helped me get what I needed printed for an important meeting last week. I was running late and she helped me print the one page I needed fixed. Thank you for going above and beyond!
I researched MANY different hotels in the Orlando area before finally deciding on this one. I wanted a nice pool, free internet, and a free hot breakfast. We booked a king studio suite and were really impressed. Our room was lovely, with a very comfortable bed and nice kitchen area with everything we would have needed. We were on the 1st floor near the pool and the room was surprisingly quiet. The pool was nice but a little cold, I don't think it was heated. Also, the lounge chairs look nice but they were really uncomfortable for laying on. I would also recommend that the pool area be smoke free. While relaxing by the pool a man decided to smoke his cigar about 5 feet away from us. I very nicely asked him to move since I suffer from asthma, and while he was happy to move I could still smell his smoke from across the pool. We had a great sleep and woke up around 8 the next morning to get our free breakfast. The breakfast area was absolutely packed and they were out of a lot of the food. Had it been fully stocked there would have been scrambled eggs, sausage, breakfast potatoes, a few different types of cereal, yogurt, bagels, and other breakfast pastries. There was also milk, juice, and coffee. This was pretty disappointing considering the amount of hotel staff just kind of standing around the breakfast area. My husband was able to find something to eat but I ended up eating leftovers in our room. Not a big deal but something that definitely needs improvement.Overall our room was extremely clean and the area was perfect. We were really close to the freeway but still found it quiet enough to get a good nights sleep.
I have to admit that after reading some of the reviews about this hotel prior to leaving for our trip I was nervous and hesistant about staying here. Normally we stay at Staybridge Suites properties so this was the first time at a Hilton extended stay or suite hotel. We arrived around 8pm the day of our check-in and were greeted by a professional and friendly front desk agent. We had booked a studio King bed suite, but to our surprise we must have been upgraded to a one room King suite... this was awesome! The hotel looks and smells like it is brand new. Yes there are a few signs of wear and tear here and there and the hallway carpets could use a cleaning soon, but that is to be expected when you run a hotel very close to a theme park and have very little down time in the busy months to do deep cleaning and repairs. I would almost bet that they will do repairs and deep cleaning in the late fall or winter months. Anyway, the hotel is very brightly lit inside and out and is decorated with a modern touch. The kitchen had granite countertops, cherry cabinets, dishwasher, stovetop, garbage disposal, cabinets filled with pots, pans, toaster, coffeemaker, utensils, storage containers for food, plates, etc. The refrigerator was full size... the only disappointment is that it does not have an icemaker like the Staybridge Suites properties do. The living room area was rather spacious with a sofa/bed, easy chair, ottomon that serves also as a coffee table and a nice size flat screen tv with a dvd player. The bedroom had a king bed, two nightstands, dresser with a flat screen tv on it, a nice size closet with full mirrored doors, in room safe, vanity and sink which was very spacious and well lit, separate room for the shower and toilet. The bedroom area is separated from the living room by a door. The shower has a crescent rod which gives you extra room inside and the area is brightly lit. The only complaint is that they do not have a bathroom fan in the shower area and it gets very steamy and wet in the area from the shower. Hotel towels were new and very fluffy and the soap, shampoo, etc. was Nuetragena products which smelled nice. The bed itself was very comfy, high, and soft... but not too soft. They offer you hard and soft pillows on the bed, we asked for a few more and they had no problem with that. Each day housekeeping would clean the room and give us coffee, tea, and popcorn which was nice (same as Staybridge Suites). The housekeepers seemed very accomodating to your needs and requests, THE ONLY NUISANCE I found was that they were inconsistent with their daily cleaning- some days they would forget to leave soap or shampoo or towels or dishwasher soap. We would always alert the front desk and got what we needed but it was a bit of a pain in the butt sometimes. The tv has a decent selection of channels, but I would have expected a better variety considering that it is a Hilton property. The breakfast area is rather big and I never found it to be too crowded or not maintained properly. My only complaint with breakfast is that it doesn't start early enough and ends too early as well. I understand that some people get up early to go to the parks, but some of us stay at the parks late and would like to have a late breakfast and breakfast ends at 9:30am which is early compared to other hotels. The breakfast offerings were rather extensive with danish, bagels, donuts, cereals, oatmeal, yogurt, fresh fruit, juices, usually two hot offerings each day ( omlettes, hash, bacon, sausage, eggs). The best part of breakfast is that they have made to order waffles. You can make your own waffles and they offer two kinds... the regular square kind or Mickey Mouse (head) shaped waffles... that was really cool. The hotel website said that the hotel offered made to order omelettes and eggs but they simply had pre-made (probably frozen) products... this was somewhat of a disappointment. Overall though, breakfast was good.Parking can be a problem at this hotel as it seems like they only have enough spots for exactly the number of rooms they have... meaning, if you arrive late at night you have to search and search for a spot and it is probably in a non-desirable area of the hotel and not close to an entrance. The hotel is located right next to I-4, but we never heard any traffic noise from our room and we always knew how traffic was flowing on I-4 before we left the room. My only big complaint about the hotel is that it is definitely off of the beaten path. It is on the Palm Parkway which in Lake Buena Vista has hotels, restaurants, and shops on it... HOWEVER, where the hotel is located is a newer undeveloped section of the Palm Parkway and there is literally NOTHING around you but undeveloped land. You cannot walk to restaurants and shops, plus it is quite a drive each day to State Road 535 which goes through the heart of Lake Buena Vista. Still, because the hotel was new and offers a lot it was not bad being quite so far away. We were still close to Downtown Disney which was awesome.OVERALL-1. The hotel is like brand new and is very clean.2. The breakfast is quite nice.3. The Mickey Mouse waffles were awesome.4. The suites are quite spacious.5. The hotel is off the beaten path and further away from the rest of the hotels and restaurants in Lake Buena Vista.6. There is nothing around the hotel as far as restaurants and shops ( just undeveloped land).7. Parking seems to be at a premium when the hotel is busy, sold out, or if you arrive late!8. FREE hotel wifi was also good!
Close to Disney, great value, good breakfast, nice rooms. The pool is clean and always had towels. Front desk was very responsive. Bathroom shower drain was a little slow. Room was clean and good size
You can go to this hotel and expect perfection. All of the staff is top notch. The kitchen staff is terrific, the cleaning staff keeps every thing spotless, the front desk is always willing to help you with any thing you need, the management is always checking on your stay, and the owner is on site often to keep every thing working like a fine tuned machine. You will not be disappointed staying here.
This hotel was in the middle of everything we wanted to do. 18/20 min from Disney, Gatorland, Disney Springs and the airport, etc! Rooms were clean (and room 523 has a view of fireworks everynight) the staff was extremely friendly and helpful! Our family absolutely loves the complementary breakfast and dinner (evening social) Hotel was clean, pool and Hot tub were clean as well. And as a group of 8 the pool was highlight of the trip as it had a kiddy pool area with a mushroom waterfall, and a deep area for the teens and adults. We never did get over to the bar area but the food smelled amazing coming from in there! Would definitely stay here again!
This is a really beautiful property. Great location and many hardworking staff members. The issues are not with the 'rank and file' but with some higher up the food chain. As Hilton Honors members with experience of this chain throughout the Eastern Seaboard, I cannot give highest marks. This is the second Florida property which has provided plastic utensils and foam plates unworthy of guests and the vaunted Hilton green promise. Maybe it is owned by the same franchise consortium which provided the same tepid and unhealthy dinners to us last year. The second which had a surly dining 'overseer' around whom staff worked circles. She actually crowed that she never eats off stainless flatware because only plastic is clean. She continued to spout to the next guest after I opted not to engage her. The worker bees were really working hard and efficiently, but queen bee of dining needs to buzz off.
The hotel was hard to find at night but once we checked into a 1BR 2 queen suite, there was nothing but the best service. The rooms were clean and the living room was ample for relaxation in the evening. Large dining area for the hot cold breakfast and rarely delay for the mickey mouse waffle machines. The weekday family style supper salad were appreciated for a fast meal after a long day at disney. Beer wine were available upon request. The food service was great but I don't know why few people tip the friendly kitchen staff. Free wifi everywhere in the hotel and the business center had 2 computers and a full size printer copier to print out notes for the trip. The pool was not cold and the shallow area was safe even for an infant. Exercise machines were available at the Hilton garden inn next door but I didn't have time to try them. Limited coin laundry machines available. Didn't use the kitchen much with free breakfast supper but it had all the cooking necessities when we needed them, including microwave dish washer. Nicely located 5 minutes from downtown disney or a walmart supercenter and not too far from seaworld. The only disadvantage was the I-4 next to the hotel which could be noisy but I was lucky to have a quiet courtyard facing room.
We really enjoyed the ability to have a few meals in our room on our latest trip to the Disney area. We spent 5 days at the hotel. A few days at the parks and downtown Disney. They have a bus to bring you to Disney. The hotel is comfortable. Housekeeping did a great job working around our varied schedule. We got an early check in with no problems. The pool area was enjoyed by the 5 year old. One note. They advertise a dinner as part of your stay from Monday through Thursday. It is not much to speak of so be prepared. The breakfast was good.
Very nice hotel and location is excellence for those going to the Disney Parks. My only concern was for the evening social the pasta was very dry. The salad was very good. The room was VERY clean and VERY comfortable! Overall, I had a great experience while staying at this hotel.
We have stayed at this property for years and loved it, but noticed that it was going downhill over the past couple of years. After our last stay, we were so disappointed that we decided to try a new property for our next vacation. Based on our last stay, we have the following comments: * Pool area: Very few lounge chairs, most of which are broken. This is not a new problem...it has been ongoing for years. Smoking is allowed in the enclosed pool area, which poses a health and safety hazard especially for small children. During our last stay, there was a man that parked himself at one of the tables all day and smoked cigars. Since we were travelling with our 1 year old, we asked if he wouldn't mind refraining from smoking while we were with our infant, but he continued to smoke. Since smoking is allowed in this area, the hotel chose not to take action. After moving, we were still in the path of the smoke, plus another guest chain smoking cigarettes. There is a seating/table area just outside of the enclosed pool area that would be better if guests need to smoke. Perhaps management could consider making the enclosed pool area non-smoking, replace the broken lounge chairs and offer more seating. The pool itself was great, clean and child friendly.* Evening meal: This was the most noticeable decline. Almost every night offered a meal with cheese, with no alternative for those allergic or lactose intolerant. We had individuals in our party, along with other hotel guests who were unable to participate in the evening meal due to allergies. Previously, whenever the entree offered cheese, the salad bar was a garden salad with a variety of add-ons (including cheese on the side). The salad bar has since disappeared. During our last two stays, both the entre and salad contained cheese and was offered at least 3 times per week. It would have been nice to return to the hotel and enjoy a casual meal with our family and other guests after a long day out. Since you're provided with a menu for the week, we knew in advance when we had to eat out or pick-up dinner. Perhaps management could consider limiting the cheese entrees to once or twice a week (as in previous years) and offering a salad bar and breadsticks (without cheese).* Breakfast: In previous years, the hot breakfast was very good with variety on a daily basis, but would now consider it between average and poor. The variety has declined with the same offering on consecutive days. When cheese eggs and grits were offered, there was no substantial alternative. We've also noticed that Styrofoam plates were often substituted for real plates over the past couple of years at both breakfast and the evening meal.On the positive side, the hotel is in a great location. We loved that it was away from the busy areas and offered a quiet stay. The rooms are large and for the most part clean. The furnishings have seen better days, are not terribly comfortable and small for a family, but okay for the amount of time spent in the room. The staff was great - at check-in and breakfast.We will miss the Homewood, but can no longer justify staying at this property. The cost has also increased over the years although the cost to include meals may be used to justify the price increase, it wasn't worth the additional cost (as per above) as the meals lacked variety, did not consider allergies/intolerances and were overall substandard. We just returned from our vacation at the new property and have to say that we will not be returning to the Homewood. The new property was fabulous - larger suites, the pool area was clean and spacious with a significant amount of seating and the entire complex was non-smoking. We felt that we spent our vacation at a resort and were pampered. The best part is that we saved over 30 per night in comparison to the Homewood for the same time period.
If I'm in the Disney area, chances are I'm staying on Disney property. On a recent business trip, however, I needed a hotel for one night's stay only, and the Homewood Suites fit the bill. I chose it because it was close to my business meetings, but it was also located about five minutes from Downtown Disney, meaning I could easily sneak over to Disney property to get my fix.The hotel itself is very nice - it's an updated Homewood Suites, so the decor is modern and cheerful. My one-bedroom suite was very clean and spacious, and I had no issues with noise, despite overlooking the very busy I-4. The free breakfast was really quite good, and I had very pleasant interactions with the staff. The best part was that the price I paid for the room was beyond reasonable, so I felt I got a great bang for my buck.This Homewood is so nice that I would even consider staying here on a personal trip to the Disney area.
Although not overly impressive, the hotel was wonderfully lit and the staff was amazing. The hotel is very clean. The one issue was a lack of communication about one of the elevators being out but there was another one right around the corner. Breakfast was really good, you just have to eat the same thing everyday. Other than that, it was a wonderful stay. Highly recommend!
Check in: lessthan 10 min,Free hot breakfast, free parking, great suites, clean bathrooms, since it is almost new appliances,furniture and beds are in great shape.10 minutes driving distance to downtown disney. Rooms are quiet. No resort type but great to rest after walking around parks and malls.
This was a great value for the money. Very clean accommodation and welcoming staff. The breakfast was delicious and had good variety that you do not always receive. Very close to Disney, if that is where you are going.
I was in the Disney area for a conference...all of the conference attendees stayed at Coronado Springs, on Disney property, and I choose to stay at the Homewood Suites a few miles away...totally worth it. This was one of the best stays I have had in all my travels. As usual, the Homewood Suites is always a comfortable place to stay with great rates and huge rooms. I will always pick a HS when I can, and if I am ever back in this part of Orlando, I will pick this HS again and again!!!
Nice sized suite rooms for the price, much better than Disney resorts. Breakfast was crazy busy, get there early before they run out of food. we stayed during July 4th weekend so it was crazy busy but the staff kept up the best they could.
The hotel staff is friendly. A full breakfast was served daily, but they could use additional breakfast staff. The two gentlemen working while we are there had a difficult time keeping up with the influx of people eating breakfast and keeping the breakfast area stocked. They were very gracious and friendly despite the volume of people eating breakfast. Front desk was friendly. Rooms were clean although furnishings were worn.
Had no response from staff when we told them we had no warm or hot water for a shower. They finally fixed it after day 3 of our 7 day stay. Not good when your in hot and humid weather all day and just want to come back to a hotel to relax and shower. We were finally able to shower comfortably after day 3! Also my husband had his very expensive shorts stolen from our table, where he left them folded. We let the front desk know and they told us they would get back to us and never did!
I have stayed so many times at this Hotel. I felt that I needed to write a review. I just wanted to share with everyone what I have said to the staff and management. I have never stayed in a cleaner Hotel. I'm always saying to my wife do they ever stop cleaning here. Will they don't stop, this place is spotless. Sylvia sees to that. Hector in the kitchen awesome breakfast. Roberta and Marsala our servers doing breakfast both are awesome. The rooms the beds the whole place gets a Ten from my wife and I. Also the management does a great job in making your stay a great one every time.Thanks goes to everyone at the Homewood.Lionel Tampa FL.
Very comfortable clean rooms with a satisfactory breakfast. Great location so you can get to Disney easily. Has a clean small swimming pool and although at the more basic end, very comfortable. Breakfast could be better.I am glad to hear that you were pleased with your stay and just wanted to thank you for your feedback. We hope that your time here in Orlando was pleasant . We hope to see you again soon.
I stayed in room 523 a double queen bedded, one bedroom suite for four nights while attending meetings in Orlando. PROs Large work desk with good work chair and 4 plugs to power electronics Separate bedroom and living area with full kitchen Good beds, bedding Night light in bath area Two 43 TVs Solid surface counters look nice Outdoor pool/whirlpool Basketball 15 minutes to DisneyCONs Issues with programming keys and keys unlocking doors. Had to be reprogrammed several times, very frustrating. Got locked outside during hurricane Michael Mediocre breakfast, milk warm/sour, eggs very runny, sausage mealy. Go with the waffles Telephone line static, difficult to speak to front desk Front desk under staffed. Often only one person with a line of people waiting. No one answers phone. Numerous attempts over 4 days Tepid hot water in shower, but sink has HOT water Clock wrong time, couldnt adjust No outlets bedside to power electronics SLOW elevators, thankfully they have several Refrigerator very noisy, called front desk for repair By 2:00 pm room wasnt serviced, put do not disturb sign on door thereafter Their computer was down during my stay and I asked the front desk to extend my stay. She didnt, maid knocks on door the next morning saying Im scheduled to check out that morning. Dishwasher very loud. Run it when youre gone.This is a decent, but underperforming Hilton property in need of updating, but was a disappointing stay for a Hilton property. This is a VERY competitive market so it may be wise to look elsewhere, but if you end up here its manageable. Overall I would give this property an 82/100 and an 80/100 for value. I would likely look elsewhere next time Im in the area, but since Im a Hilton Diamond member, I would end up at a Hilton property somewhere. In all fairness, I did mention my concerns to the front desk staff and the General Manager called me to follow up and made an adjustment on my bill which goes a long way in my book or I would have rated this property lower. He is part of the new ownership and they are working to improve the property and upgrade the staff.
Our group of 6 stayed at this hotel over spring break for 9 days. The free breakfast and dinners allowed for a lot of flexibility- we could grab something to eat without wasting any vacation time. The room kitchen was completely stocked with a full size refrigerator, stove, microwave, dishwasher and a full set of dishes, utensils, coffee maker, toaster, cutting board, can opener. A stop at the nearby Walmart and we were set for the week. The staff was very hard working in the dining and pool area- food and towels were constantly replenished respectively. All staff were friendly and helpful. The rooms were very clean as was the pool area. I would highly recommend this hotel to others, and would stay there again myself!
The staff at this hotel make it an enjoyable place to stay. They are extremely helpful and always willing to help from check-in to check-out. The location is ideal but the staff is what will continue to make me return when traveling for both business and pleausure.
Horrible experience with the evening staff. When simple request were made, it was if I was putting them out. I was with my family and the evening staff were very helpful or accommodating. On a positive note, the room was nice and breakfast was decent.
An excellent hotel with very friendly staff, good location and very good service in the heart of LBV. The day starts with a cozy breakfast service followed by various attractions like the pool, training center, etc. not the mention the free bus-shuttle to Disney. On 4 afternoons Monday-Thursday, between 5-7 PM one can enjoy the warm dinner they are serving in the lounge. The rooms are cleaned each and every day. Fast free internet is available at all times. The staff, starting from the reception and including the management, are always kind and helpful with a wide smile on their faces. What could we ask for more
This hotel was spacious and clean. It had a nice pool, basketball court, and gym. The kitchen is perfect for making small meals. The evening social is great with white and red wine and beer. Also a different menu each day. The breakfast had a great selection. Great hotel would stay again.
Everything was good until we received our bill. We confirmed our reservation on the phone before arrival at 107 a night. At check in, we were told to initial next to our room rate of 107 a night. On departure date we discover there is a charge of 125 for the second night. We asked to see the card we signed when we arrived and it certainly did have 107 next to our initials in the top right hand corner, but over to the left in small print it said 125 for second night. So, here is another scam we must all be aware of, and worse, the person at the desk just turned his head away and said sorry about that. Actually, sorry about that right back to you, because we will never stay at a Homewood Suites again with such deceptive trickery. If you are still thinking of staying here, be aware that one side of the hotel faces Interstate I 4 and is extremely noisy.Hello rtwo dThank you for taking the time to share your experience with us. First and foremost, I'm glad that you enjoyed your stay. However, I'm also glad that you shared your concerns in this review. I have to apologize for the billing issues. Please know that we in no way participate/promote scams or any type of deception to our guests. We all make sure to inform all of our guests about rate changes when we make reservations and also during the check in process. Now, we will all make sure to emphasize this information even more to ensure that no one else has this happen to them. In addition, I hope that you decide to give us another chance in the future. It would be our pleasure to accommodate you and your family again. Take care and hope to see you soon.
We stayed at this hotel the week between Xmas and New Years. It was very crowded in the area, not necessarily the best time to visit Disney. That said, the hotel was a great place to come back to at the end of the day.We had a one-bedroom suite. Our room was maintained well, very clean. One 2 occasions we asked for more towels, which were brought promptly. It was nice having the extra space when kids needed to nap and the well stocked kitchenette to keep snacks.Free breakfast was a plus. Nothing super fancy, but all the basics. We typically ate first thing in the AM. This was a high volume time and there was usually a line for the delicious Mickey waffles. Staff in the breakfast area was attentive and kept the area clean and well stocked.We enjoyed the evening reception once. I was surprised to find a fresh salad bar!The area around the hotel is very busy, expect to wait at restaurants and be stuck in traffic if you come during busy season. It does take a fair amount of time to get to the outlet mall, which is visible from the hotel, so give yourself enough time. If you are dining, take advantage of call ahead seating.It was freezing, so we didn't get to enjoy the pool but it looked nice. Also, our room faced the interstate and I was ASTONISHED that I could hear NOTHING at night. It was soundproofed extremely well! Ample free parking as well. Cool radio activated keys.We would definitely recommend this hotel for travelers!
We have tried other Company's suites in Orlando and this is by far the best. Spotless rooms, Excellent friendly staff and plentiful breakfasts. We did not try the Managers free evening buffet but it looked as if it was very popular. Cant wait until next year when we will return.
We wanted to re-visit Disney after many years but with many great memories. HWS delivers in terms of space. But this hotel is so darn crowded that it can resemble a zoo.Breakfast was a challenge, staff were going nuts trying to keep up with sufficient cutlery, napkins and FOOD!! We just kind of gave up and enjoyed coffee in our room. Our opinion is that much more space is required for breakfast in this location with so many families with children.
This is a great place to stay for a family trip, and it is well priced for what you get. We stayed 7 nights and very much enjoyed this property. We would come back.The staff was friendly and helpful and the room was spotless. Housekeeping was accommodating about extra towels and our other requests.The free breakfast was great with a nice selection of hot and cold items, and the Mickey waffles were a big hit with my daughter. I was, however, disappointed with the lack of fresh fruit. The only choices were apples and bananas, and they ran out early and weren't restocked. If similar properties in Canada can give fresh fruit in the winter, I was surprised that my only choice in Florida in the spring was apples and bananas. There is a fellow working dining room clearing tables in the mornings named Jean Louis. He is warm, friendly, and a real treat to interact with. I agree with another reviewer who mentioned another fellow who seemed to do the cooking who wasn't really friendly.We only used the free supper once during our stay. It was adequate, but not excellent. We have stayed at Homewood Suites in Carlsbad and Anaheim, and the meals can vary in quality by location. The real benefit of this free meal is that it is easy and convenient when you are traveling with children who are exhausted after a day at one of the parks. If I was traveling as a couple, I'd probably eat evening meals elsewhere.The free wifi is strong, and we were able to stream Netflix most of the time we tried, even when the hotel got really full later on in the week.The pool is really nice, but could use more deck chairs. They were hard to come by in the afternoon. You can get room service and bar service from the other hotel that shares the pool area. The fitness center is large (probably because two hotels share it) and has a number of cardio machines. Two of them were not working while we were there. The basketball court is a nice touch, and was well used the whole time we stayed.The shuttle service to Epcot Center is a nice touch, but I wish it ran constantly. There are three times you can catch a ride over to Epcot in the morning, and three times you can catch a ride back in the late afternoon/evening, and that's it. I'd like to be able to come and go more often so I could get to the parks early before they are too busy, then come back for a nap, and return for the evening fireworks. The shuttle service here won't let that happen. Because the Disney parks are so close, renting a car and paying to park at Disney is certainly an option that is made easier by the free parking at this hotel.
What started out as a special weekend away for my boyfriend's birthday turned into a disaster. My boyfriend is a law enforcement officer and he and I reside in Highlands County which was the 2nd worst damaged county in Florida from Hurricane Irma. Since he was working mandatory overtime and we were without power for many days, I thought I would use my Hilton Honors points to find a hotel for our getaway.. Which is where I found your Homewood Suites. Upon checking in on Friday 9/22/17 we were greeted by the front desk clerk.. She was EXTREMELY nice and continued to deliver top notch services for us. We went to our room and discovered that we were given the keys for a double queen room. The beds were NOT true queen size.. We went back to the front desk with out luggage and when I explained that I reserved a King suite, we were told that there were not any King suites available, as they overbooked. I travel A LOT for work and I was surprised about this, and I felt that maybe they should have offered us a room next door to the Hilton Garden. We were not. The clerk re-assigned us to a 1st floor 2 queen and she said the manager would be checking with Hilton Honors to see what happened. She assured us she would leave a message for us after she found out what was wrong. After dinner and errands, we came back and there was no message, so I called Hilton Honors and they 3 way called the hotel and they said that they would offer us a room at Hilton Garden.. Well it was late at night, everything was unpacked and I did not want to go next door. Then almost immediately we were told that a King Suite just happened to come available, so we relocated to the King suite. That was 3 rooms in one night! The King suite was certainly not a King bed.. more like a queen. We woke up in the morning and went to the lobby for the hot breakfast (which was another reason I selected your hotel). The breakfast was not very good, eggs tasted funny and the sausages were not cooked all the way, and my boyfriend got sick, and my stomach didn't feel great either. Once we felt better we went out to Disney and enjoyed the EPCOT festival. When we came back to the hotel..hot and tired, we went into the room at 3:30 ish and the room had NOT been cleaned. I called down to get more towels so we could shower, which the front desk clerk had brought to the room and was so wonderful and apologetic. Housekeeping showed up at 6:30 pm after we were settled for the night. After showering I made the bed and discovered that there was not a blanket on the bed..it was a mattress pad..which explained why I was cold the previous night. We did not go to breakfast in the am and checked out. The weekend manager never spoke to us, never apologized and sent the clerk to do everything..Again the clerk was wonderful. So what started out as a wonderful surprise get away for my boyfriend turned out to be disappointing. I have been a Hilton Honors member since 2010 and I travel for work at least a couple times a month. I have never been so disappointed in a Hilton property as I was at your hotel. To make matters worse I found that I was double charged on my credit card today.. I had to spend an hour on the phone trying to get it straightened out.
My wife called in the day before to have a fruit plate delivered for my birthday the next morning. It never arrived. I talked to the front desk who had no record of a room service order. I was transferred to room service who had no record of the order. However, then it shows up on my bill! How does that happen if you have no record of the order coming in and completely fail to deliver the order itemsDear fisherad, Thank you for taking the time to send along your comments and I wanted to apologize for this situation. I would appreciate if you would contact me at the hotel so I rectify this charge. We appreciate your business and certainly want to take care of this. Regards, Mike FattaGeneral Manager
We enjoyed our stay. The evening social was excellent. Different dinner each night, Monday to Thursday. The kids enjoyed the pool and basketball court was close to pool. We liked 0 entry pool for the younger kids.
Was Leary about booking this property because of the location in the busiest part of town, but it turned out great. We took the back roads to most of our meetings and that was fantastic. Very friendly staff, good breakfast and clean rooms. Self parking well lit and easy access. Good place to stay with family as well as business. Would recommend.
We stayed in this Homewood Suites while traveling to Disney for the Walt Disney World Marathon. The staff was very friendly, and our room was ready early, which was great because we arrived on a Friday morning. The room was clean, smoke free and the beds were quite comfortable. My only suggestion would be that if you are traveling down specifically to go to Disney World, you might want to consider how much your taxi rides will cost from the hotel to the Disney properties. While all of the maps we looked at said the hotel was only 3-5 miles from Disney, each of our cab rides cost between 25-30, depending on which park we were at that day. The hotel does have a shuttle to Epcot, but is limited. This would have been a great location if we had brought our car, but was a little remote when just relying on taxis. Overall, a great hotel, just consider its location!
I was pleasantly surprised at how nice this hotel was! Our room was very spacious and comfortable! The bed and linens were nice and the bathroom also had comfort and space. My husband and I only stayed for one night, but with the great kitchen, we could have stayed longer and had space for children, if we had them! I would recommend Hotel to a single or a family!
This was a great experience friendly check in, clean and comfortable room. Very well maintained Hotel. Breakfast was a good breakfast for the complimentary breakfast, if any suggestions on breakafast would be to offer bacon, along with the sausage, and as well to offer whole milk as an option as well, this coming from 3 out of 4 people in our party. Other then that reccomendation, Hotel was comfortable and clean. Never got to use the pool. Would stay here again : ) front desk satff very attentive and friendly. Loved thAT THE BEDROOM WAS SEPERATE FROM THE REST OF THE ASUITE, THE KITCHEN WAS COZY ONLY STAYED FOR ONE NIGHT WOULD DEFINATLY GO BACK AND STAY LONGER.
Have vacationed at the Homewood Suites Lake Buena Vista several time over the years, this time stayed while in the area for business. Front desk staff was friendly as usual. Had a room overlooking the pool area. Room was clean and in good condition. AC worked well and kept the room very cool which is important in Orlando in July. Evening reception was stuffed shells, garlic breadsticks, soup and salad. Food was tasty and filling. Sleep quality was good, room quiet. Breakfast was the usual Homewood fare, and was well stocked despite the crowds. Sorry to hear Jean (John) Louie has left as he was a great asset to the hotel. Another really nice stay at this hotel.
We satyed here for the last 5 days of our Florida holiday.This hotel is out of the way of things so you do need a car, not sure if they have any transport as we had our own hire car.The room was small but had everything we needed, a great size fridge and the kitchen area was just enough, it came with utensils, plates and bowls etc although these were not replaced daily by house keeping who took them away to be washed.A comfy room and clean which is the main thing for us.Breakfast was lovely and the seating area was very comfy and spacious.24 hrs drinks was great for us coming in tired late at night.We were never around to sample the managers dinners but I am sure it would of been nice.Would defintely return. Plus we got a great rate from booking.com
My husband I and three children ages 11,6 7 stayed here for a week(6/8-6/14) for our Disney trip.It was nice to have extra space and a full kitchen however we did not use the stove or dishwasher but the full fridge/freezer was nice to utilize for our snacks drinks. We would freeze our water bottles the night before and our water would stay nice and cold until mid afternoon at the parks.Beds were comfortable clean. Sofa bed mattress was very thin and I did not think my 11year old would be comfortable but she did not complain. I do not think it would be comfy for and adult. Linens were clean upon arrival however when they were changed upon my request on the 3rd day I did notice some linens towels were a little dingy NOT dirty but dingy (I think if they look like that they should be thrown away and replaced)Upon arrival the room appeared clean however the bathroom dresser drawers were dusty and had hair in them. I cleaned them out and used paper towels to line them before putting our belongings in them.It did not appear that housekeeping vacuumed,swept or mopped our entire stay.The floors in and outside of elevators were not cleaned regularly either(one morning there was a sticky spill outside the main elevator when we left early in the morning it was still there when we arrived back at the hotel late that evening.Breakfast was decent for about 2 days then you do not want it anymore because its repetitive. I have read complaints about a worker being rude during breakfast hours. I experienced that myself I said hello twice to this man then a 3rd to see if he was for real and he totally ignored me,I also heard him actually reprimand a guest for not understanding how to use the cereal dispenser. The manager really needs to discuss proper etiquette to him or find another position for him because no one deserves to start their morning with that kind of disrespect however there is another gentleman who works during this time also he works his tail off and he is so super nice and deserves a raise )The pool was nice.The hot tub when we stayed smelled and looked very dirty.I wish there was designated smoking area enforced also.It is awful when you do not smoke and to have to sit around it and walk through it.The hotel is right off I-4 and Disney is one exit from the hotel makes for a great location!There are several restaurants around the hotel to choose from.Despite minor quirks I would stay here again! I referred my sister and she booked for her upcoming trip. It is a nice hotel staff members other than that one I mentioned were very nice.
The rooms were very comfortable and quiet at an excellent price. Our particular room had a separate living room/kitchenette area and bedroom. The included morning breakfast was more than adequate and although we did not partake in the evening weekday meals, they too looked good. For a traveling family, this is a real bargain. The staff was extremely courteous. Will definitely stay here again, when we are in the Orlando area
We got a great deal on the hotel which included breakfast and a cocktail (we never got to the cocktail as we were always outside of the hotel during dinner time). The hotel was very clean and the service was great. Even though the hotel was full, you never felt it inside. The breakfast was never good, however a little repetitive with no real major choice changes throughout our stay. If they added a few extra items and had different choices for breakfast during the week would put this hotel over the top. However, I highly recommend this hotel if you are looking for a cheaper alternative to staying at a Disney (on-site) hotel.
We stayed at the Homewood Suites on November 29th, 2012. We took a long weekend trip to Disney and stayed here our first night. Check in was super fast with no wait. Our room was clean and the beds were comfortable. The next morning we went downstairs for breakfast and found plenty of seating. There was a gentleman making the waffles for everyone and he also cleaned up the tables. There was plenty of breakfast food out so no one had to wait. Check out was as easy as check in, fast, friendly and effecient. We will stay here again!!!
We spent the week of March 11 at the hotel and had a very nice stay. We had 2 suites (one bedroom suite for my husband and I and a two bedroom suite for son and his wife and 4 children). The 2 bedroom suite was a generous size for the family of six. The one bedroom suite was very nice with a door separating the bedroom from the living/kitchen space. The rooms were neat and clean. We never experienced any problems with housekeeping. The kitchen was fully stocked and had a full size fridge. Plently of room for snacks and drinks. The weather was a little chilly while we were there so the pool was only used one afternoon. But it was well maintained. The staff was very pleasant. The breakfast was fine. We did not partake in the evening menu so we cannot comment. But it was nice to have that option. The location was close to the Disney Parks and other attractions. We would return to this hotel again.
We usually stay at this hotel for its location. It's far from all the noise and congestion from international drive. Staff and service is excellent. Hotel needs detailing redone. Overall, we are satisfied with this hotel.
Stayed the night recently and enjoyed the hotel. The room was clean and comfortable. The room was very quiet despite being on the I-4 side of the building. I was very impressed that I couldn't hear the cars/trucks going by at any time while in my room. Had a problem with the TV which turned out to be an old battery which the staff dealt in a timely manner. The staff was very friendly. The one negative was the free breakfast. This is more an indictment on the the guests than the hotel as the meal was simply mayhem. The staff couldn't keep up with the number of people eating. It always bothers me when people don't clean up after themselves. I would definitely stay here again but will most likely eat else where
using AARP rate, room over looking I-4, noise all night, one themostat did not work, 10 pm it was worked on, but not much better, coffee maker did not work, upon checking out, my wife forgot a new pair of LL Beans slcaks on the bed, called a couple of hours later, no one knew anything, repeated calls yielded no responce. After repeated calls emails to Hilton and hotel nothing . They jusst dont care about theirt customers.We're very sorry to hear about the unpleasant experience you had while staying with us. It's our goal to provide great service and accommodations to all of our guests and we certainly dropped the ball. Please contact me at Tony.KeathleyHilton.com so that I can follow up personally and help alleviate some of your concerns. Kind regards, Tony Keathley General Manager
My husband and I stayed here 8 nights. Shelton was so helpful on many occasions. He helped us find and move to a quiet suite. He was gracious and friendly. At check out he was helpful with several needs. All the staff was friendly. Thank you for a great stay.
Good option - for those renting a car but wanting decent proximaty to Disney and all other venues in Orlando. Great for small kids - with suites for rooms and a quality complimentary breakfast and (Mon-Thurs) dinner.
We stayed here for our family trip to Disney World and had a wonderful experience. Everyone was friendly, customer, oriented, and positive. The beds were very comfortable including the pull out couch. Very clean and the hot breakfast was good quality. Highly recommend.
