This hotel is located right on Main St. It is, however,quite outdated, but the rooms were clean and the bed was comfortable. Pastries for breakfast and no decaf coffee. Four stars only because of that.
Great stay as always. Love being able to use a bike while I'm there... Food and bar area are the best in town in my opinion, great staff. The cars a block north race a bit and cruise thru town at night and my window was facing that street so heard that for too long at night, same cars with... More
Modern has redone their hotel and it looks and feels brand new, and totally-Modern . The Cocktails were excellent and food great--All the service was exceptional and our bed was so comfortable we actually looked at the brand it was.
The staff are friendly and helpful. We had pre wedding photos taken in the lobby, bar and outside and everyone was happy to be helpful in any way possible. The room was great! The bathroom was outstanding and our friends loved the bar. I cant say enough good things. We have already booked for our anniversary next year.
Friendly, clean and very well appointed. Could not ask for more. Although we did not dine there, the food looked excellent as well. Great coffee in the morning. Will definetly return and recommend to friends!
We have stayed here before and once again enjoyed our visit. I requested a quiet room this time, and we were there for two week nights, and it was much quieter than our first visit (which was on a weekend with a street front room). The service is superb and the rooms are quite clean. The hotel is within walking... More
A group of us stayed at the Harkness and had an absolute blast. We each booked a unique room, and had a potluck in one with a kitchen. The renovations are absolutely beautiful, inspiring and well done. Every room was so much fun to explore... thanks for a great stay! Highly recommended.
Room was big, beds were comfortable, WIFI worked great, fridge and microwave included. Friendly staff. Breakfast, although we didnt have it. Nice bathroom with a good shower. Room a little dated looking for some peoples taste, but it was very clean. I cannot complain since the room was only 60!!! I would have prefered a nice recliner or sofa to... More
Right off of the highway, but you don't get the traffic noise. Very comfortable and clean. The place is dated, although it seems to be very well maintained. The owners are responsive to any needs, and they do offer a free breakfast.
Conveniently located off US20. Check-in was painless, and front desk person was friendly and helpful. Room was very spacious, and very clean. Nice, firm mattress and good-quality linens. I was in room 216, and there was some noise from the indoor pool up until about 10:00 turning on the AC unit's fan masked most of it. Breakfast was above average,... More
The motel was very clean. Good breakfast selection. Scrambled eggs, sausage patties, waffles, 4 types of cereals, fruit cups, fresh apples and oranges, bread, bagels, english muffins, mini muffins, danishes, yogurt. Juice, water, milk, coffee and tea. The room was nice and clean. Pets stay...MoreDear Sherryabal: We would like to thank you for taking the time to complete our online survey. Feedback from our guests is very important to us and your input helps with our continuing efforts to provide excellent service and a great stay. Thank you so...More
SpringHill is a great hotel, I was surprised by the breakfast each morning and the Wine and beer in the evening included with the stay. Rooms were clean and the location was great. The staff was also very nice and welcoming.
My husband and I were traveling with our two year old and this hotel was perfect for us. 2 queen beds, a little living area with couch, TV, fridge, coffee maker and microwave. Everyone was very friendly and helpful. Will definitely look at staying with this hotel chain again.
Thank you for your part in making our visit to Coeur d'Alene great. SpringHill Suites was an excellent place to stay. It was convenient, clean, very friendly staff, good breakfast and overall just a wonderful place to stay.
This is a beautiful hotel in a beautiful location, and our first time staying here though we have been to Coeur d'Alene many times. It's a very easy to drive down NW Blvd to the lake/downtown area. The staff was very nice and friendly. They had hors d'ouevres on the weeknights in the super lovely lobby/breakfast area. There are many... More
We chose this hotel for a one-night stay on our road trip due to its convenience and price. It was well reviewed on Trip Advisor, and our experience supported those reviews. The location is convenient, off of a major interstate, and the rooms had everything we needed for a safe, secure, and comfortable night's sleep. Despite the proximity of the... More
This hotels entrance is hard to find but well worth the effort. Watch for SMALL illuminated sign at entrance.we have stayed here several times and always been satisfied. We will book this inn when we are this way again
