Hungry They got you covered evening and breakfast.. comfy bed, quiet. Pool and Hot Tub both nice. The Air worked great and there was an option to leave the fan on all night. Clean and spacious room. Would stay again
Hampton inns are my favorite hotel to stay at no matter where I go. If there is a hampton to choose, that is my pick every time. They are clean and comfortable and they have the BEST beds. Their breakfast is great too. Dressed up oatmeal is my favorite. They took away the to go bowls, but I improvise and... More
The Hampton in Heritage Square offered us a high quality night's stay. The restaurants surrounding the hotel were plentiful and varied. Beds are always comfortable at a Hampton. I would highly recommend this Hampton.
I was out in Indiana for a get together and the Hampton being my go to hotel I stayed at this one. There was an odd smell to the building while I was checking in and it lingered all the way up to the 3rd floor where my room was. Once in my room though I couldn't smell it. The... More
Place is so dirty and not well kept, but what got me the most is how unprofessional the night auditor was!!! He had such a bad attitude I even said to cancel my reservation cause I didn't care for his attitude. After I said that he immediately worked on my reservation faster and made sure I stayed, so I did.... More
This has to be by far the nastiest and unkempt hotel I have ever seen! There were stains on everything...The shower curtain, chairs, wall and bed spread. Some of the staff was very rude.... Not to mention the power outlets have electrical burns and a prong was stuck in a ground plug outlet. Nothing that is claimed in the description... More
Last Saturday, we arrived on time and had paid through Hotels.com. Their is a wall-high GLASS that separates the customer from the check in clerks (first clue). The clerk was extremely slow and after 15 mins, still could not find our paid reservation on her computer. Meanwhile,a man walked in without a reservation, got a room and key and was... More
If you stay here you are either desperate or have no where else to turn. This hotel is very aged in dire need of maintenance, cleaning, or needs to be condemned. As free wifi but did not work. Hotel smells of smoke with a very seedy crowd around it at all times of the night. Do not recommend this hotel... More
The Hilton Garden Inn, is a beautiful, well maintained hotel. Ideal location in Chesterton, Indiana close to all. Nice meeting space and pretty outdoor areas as well. The lobby is cozy, modern and ideal.Thank you so much for the positive review. We truly appreciate your feedback!
Nice clean rooms with microwave and mini-fridge. Beds were comfy enough. Was convenient that room doors are open to outside like a small apartment rather than winding through hallways inside. Free breakfast was rather limited in selection. Waffle mix was out and desk staff didn't know how to refill. I would be more than willing to stay here again. I... More
I stayed at this hotel while attending an expo in Louisville Kentucky. The staff was very friendly, quick check in and out, and the hotel was very clean. It had a good location and the staff was knowledgeable of the area and gave great recommendations for dinner. Would definitely stay there again!!!
Everyone was grumbling about the past places we had held our family reunions and so ( because I am a Christmas Tree grower) I suggested we try Santa Claus Indiana - and we found Santa's Lodge!!!! What a great facility - I could have stayed there all the time and still feel like I'd been entertained, pampered, and made to... More
The only benefit to this hotel is its location being near Holiday World! I paid 175 for night for my kids and me to stay here. When I called they didn't have anything left except a suite. I'm still not sure how it was a suite, but I do know that this place is most definitely a rip off. The... More
I was very disappointed in this hotel. In my opinion it is overpriced for the condition of the hotel. Rooms are small and dingy. Bath/shower was so narrow it was almost impossible to use. Some of the light bulbs were burned out. Mattress was worn. Sheets were gray and not in good condition. The complex generally looks tired and in... More
Idk what was worse rude lady at the front desk or the smell coming from the carpet. It turned my feet black! How gross is that! To start my trip I had to reschedule and apparently they wasn't allowed. I'm sorry my son came home from over sees as and surprised me. When I called the lady and explained my... More
Stayed here for a few nights when I work on my house. We had a single queensize room. Very neat and the place was great. We thoroughly enjoyed the place and management was great. Totally recommend for a festival stay.
The Allstate Inn located in historic Seymour Indiana (Home to John Couger Mellancamp) is a two star establishment independently owned and operated, right off of I-65 and right next to a Waffle House. It is also not located far from Wal-Mart and a couple of other decent restaurants and gas stations in the area. My stay, was in their Honeymoon... More
The TV and Internet were fine, as were the bed and a/c - important items. But otherwise, this was a tired, ill-kept place. From a chirping fire detector to a running toilet to plastic flowers and minimal breakfast. But it was the cheapest alternative around.
Overall everything about this location is good, with the location being the best. Close to all things relating to the University, food, and highways. The rude people who let their room or the stairwell doors slam at off hours of the night or morning is another matter. Just because you want to stay up really late or have to be... More
Nice accommodations. Breakfast included each morning. There is no pool in the hotel. You have access to the pool at Springhill Suites which is next door...you can use the underground parking garage to take the short walk. Fairfield, Springhill, Courtyard and the JW Marriott are all righty next to one another. Short walk to the mall and numerous restaurants located... More
Great location for access to convention center and restaurants. Clean rooms, spacious. Typical pool/gym set up. Great staff. The only real negative would be the breakfast/bar area. They were not prepared at all for the capacity of a convention. Coffee lines where 20 minutes long. Also the bar closed early every night with loads of people in the lobby.
Wonderful fresh clean room and great staff. Front desk was polite and helpful. Chris was efficient and polite and the manager Abram was grat also. Room was clean and comfortable and the morning breakfast was good.
I am the director of a basketball program that stayed here with three teams for three nights. TJ (the manager) went out of his way to accommodate and meet our needs and desires. He was a pleasure to work with - wish more managers were like him. I would highly recommend this hotel. The staff were all wonderful, breakfast was... More
We stayed here overnight on our way from Michigan, to Missouri. The price was right, and the complimentary breakfast was a small step about your typical basically continental breakfast. The front desk personal were very nice and helpful, and the gentleman tending to the breakfast set up was very attentive. My experience is the breakfast buffet is easily neglected at... More
Hotel was wonderful. Wanted to take the mattress home with us! Staff were all extremely friendly and helpful with directions, etc. We were very happy with our visit at this Best Western Hotel. We were centrally located and any restaurant we wanted was within easy distance. We had a suite for the first time and I think we are now... More
when you first see hotel, it looks very nice from the outside with the exception of the roof. you walk inside and it looks very cultured. But as you look deeper, you see a property that is badly in need of repair and a really good cleaning. the room we had was clean at least. there were a few holes... More
This was a stop over on the way home. What a great little town. A lot of things to see. There was a hot meal served at night. This was a great surprise after being in the car for 9 hours. We upgraded to the suite, and it was a very large room. The breakfast had a lot of choices.... More
The room was clean with all needed amenities. Breakfast options great. The area is safe enough to take a walk. Several restaurant choices around, but many are chains. Nice staff. Free internet. No problem with parking.
Checked late at night. First room had extremely dirty bathroom. Got second room and took it only because it was late night and I was tired. Next day found carpet was not vacuumed. Night Manager was extremely politeThank you for your review. We apologize about your experience and will share your response with our housekeeping team. We value your commitment to stay with us and hope to see you again soon.
We had a very nice day. The room was very spacious. Room was very clean. The breakfast was better than expected. We would stay there again the next time we need a place to stay in the northern Indianapolis area.It was an honor to be able to have you with us during your travels. We really hope that we see you again in the future!
Comfy and clean rooms. The breakfast was kinda blah...not much to choose from and not really good. But the right spirit was there. Improve the quality of the food and presentation for the buffet and this place would be much better. All that being said, very friendly staff and pleasant environment. Would come here again.
A quick shout out to the Hampton Inn in Brownsburg. We had a large bridal party use this hotel as a hub for The Barn at Kennedy Farm in Lizton. The hotel manager, Casey Domino, was a wonderful resource and took care of our every need. All staff were accommodating, patient and willing to help us make the weekend a... More
i was expecting basic service that i expect from quality inns, but this one was little above than my expectations. i am reviewing this hotel because they treat me good. its like give and take thing. breakfast was good, i need charging device , it was already in room, tv was mounted on wall, love the room decoration. Will go... More
The rooms are always super clean and quaint. I have stayed here a couple of times when I've come to Bloomington for business. The service and the great price here is what keeps me coming back. The manager Jay is what made my stay!
We were on our way home from Florida and could not get Hotel room in Louisville so we decided to travel a little further north and we were not disappointed. Got reservation on line and when we got there hotel was well worth the extra time on the road. Nicest Hampton Inn we've ever stayed at. And we stayed at... More
A few blocks from interstate and next door to outlet mall and a few miles away from architectural famous Columbus, IN. Friendly staff. clean, comfortable rooms and lobby. A better than average breakfast.
We were looking for a nice hotel with a budget price and the lady at the front desk made it happen. She was able to find a way to reduce the rack rate to one that was manageable for us. We really appreciated her help. The room had two queen beds and decorated very nicely. Breakfast was spectacular with packaged... More
Not only efficient but also friendly concerned front desk staff. Great breakfast and a pool that was actually warm made our stay there A+. Highly recommend this hotel if you are staying inn Elkhardtbor South Bend which is only 20 miles west.Dear joy53kl, Thank for your review. We try hard to make sure that you always feel welcomed when you stay with us. If you are ever in the area again we would enjoy having you stay with us again. Thank you Have A Great Day!
I frequently travel to the Carmel Westfield IN area - this is one of my favorite places due to the staff friendliness and the ease of access (now that construction is more or less done on Meridian). Look for AAA or other rate deals for the best price. Rooms are large and place is generally very quiet.
I attended a family holiday gathering the weekend after Christmas and was very impressed with the facilities and staff. The place is immaculate and spacious. We received a free upgrade from a one-bed suite with sofa bed to a 2 bedroom suite with living room and full kitchen, and 2 full baths! Because we had several family members staying at... More
We stayed overnight prior to visiting the Purdue University campus. The hotel is near many good restaurants approximately 15 minutes from campus. The hotel was very clean, check in was a breeze the morning breakfast was above average. The indoor pool was nice the sauna was a nice surprise. We will stay here again.
