We were there in winter so there was nothing happening outside. The casino had adequate slots but not much in the way of table games. We did quite well on penny slots......for a change. The front desk lady was very nice and accommodating, but we were early and had to wait for our room...our fault. The room was very large... More
Just came back from a great spring break week with our family. The Blue Water Casino/Resort is not 2 1/2 hours from Phoenix...way easier then heading to CA...and way less expensive. Rooms were under 70.00. We were able to get adjoining rooms which was great. I had read thru all the reviews so was not expecting much. From check-in to... More
Let's just call a spade a spade. There was an arrest outside of our hotel room at 1am. The place was filthy. Never stay here. However, the people running it were very helpful, kind people. I hope that they can invest in their property and make it better.
From the tattered mattresses to the joke of a breakfast, this place is the place of bad dreams. Which is exactly what I kept having when I realized our door DIDN'T LOCK PROPERLY. The only positive thing about this place was that the front desk person was polite and courteous.
There are several other hotels in the area I would try the others before this one. I would not choose this Travelodge ever again. Service was not great rooms were bad. They even charge for ice. Good luck
The staff was really nice, they had a smile and greeted in a friendly manner. The staff was always there to help with all the needs and the questions that I had. The room was a clean and the bed was really comfortable.Nita, Thank you for been satisfied 100 of your stay.
The Travelodge in downtown Phoenix is an architectural gem. It still has the 1960s Googie exterior design, a definite attraction. The hotel grounds are very clean, so was my room. There is a cute patio area with outdoor carpeting and lights. The price is right if you just want a comfortable bed and hot shower. The WiFi is free and the TV works well. Restaurants are within walking distance, including a McDs next door if you go for that kind of cuisine. Judy,That your stay was wonderful and it was clean for you and everything was walking distance. Yes, we do over best to satisfied every person.
The most important thing in Arizona is a SUPER LARGE AIR CONDITIONER. This American, Locally owned and operated inn, has everything you could want without paying the extra fee a franchised property would charge you. No it is not the cheapest but then I find those properties are often louder, and not exactly what I would want for a family... More
Nice roadside motel. Beds and rooms very comfortable. Not much to do in town but near Painted Desert and Petrified Forest. Some good restaurants in the area too. Room was comfortable, not big, but a good value for what we paid.Dear Guest, Thank you for taking time to take our survey. We greatly appreciate your stay with us. Tina Gill General Manager
From when I checked in and met Stephen until I was eating the great breakfast I enjoyed my stay here. The room was clean and the bed comfortable. I enjoyed the smoking room. What a concept these days. Thank you for an awesome experience.
The hotel staff was respectful of our wishes, we had a roomful of stuff that we didn't want disturbed and the maids were great about making exchanges with us and honoring our privacy.Our only wish was for a little more regrigerator room .Because of my oops in travel reservations , we had 3 nights in one room,Handicapped room with a... More
We stayed here for 3 days the last week of March.I was visiting my cousin in Sierra Vista and we had no idea there was so much to do near here.The staff was very cordial and upbeat ,two free drinks a day beer,wine,soft drinks,water.We missed the free dinner Monday-Thursday but the breakfast was a notch above a continental breakfast eggs,sausage,bacon etc.The rooms all have a stove ,full size fridge and microwave.You must visit Kartchner Caverns if you do nothing else.Bisbee is another side trip for a good walk and great food and its quirky shops and bars.Dear Brian F,Thank you very much for taking the time to leave us a review! We are very happy that you enjoyed your stay here with us and that you found plenty fun things to do in the area. We appreciate all of your feedback and we hope you get a chance to visit s again soon. Have a wonderful day! J-Ebare
We have stayed at the Apple Creek Cottages each summer for 3 years. It's a quaint, rustic little place that we really enjoy. We especially enjoy the outdoor area! There are many quiet sitting areas, places to grill, and even a campfire area. The rooms are rustic but comfortable. We enjoy the quaintness of the rooms, but spend most of... More
Good place, good setting, bad management. The property manager will lie, cheat and steal. Be sure to keep your valuables locked in your car. Better yet, find a different place. There are many nice hotels in Prescott.
Chose this hotel because it was close to the car rental and airport. After checking into the hotel, we returned our car early the night before our flight and Rose, the front desk lady suggested that we then take the shuttle from the car rental to the airport and they would pick us up with the hotel shuttle. What a fantastic idea. No bags to move out of the rental car.The room was comfortable and clean. I think the beds were the most comfortable on our trip. No refrigerator or microwave, but they do have a restaurant in the place that was most pleasant.We didn't use the pool, but it looked quite nice.The noise from the planes was not even heard due to the air conditioner in the room.Thank you very much for taking the time to share your comments about your stay with us. It is our hope that you can visit us again soon the next time you visit Phoenix.Kind Regards,Griselda MenaAssistant Manager
I am relocating to Glendale, az from north Carolina. I found this hotel , just by chance. Its clean, and guest services is amazing. Only bad things are, its in a slum area of town. And you see aome seedy character out on street in front. .but had no trouble...nice hotel. .
The rooms are poorly insulated from the outside noise. There is a bar of some sorts next door that played loud music both nights during our two night stay. It was so loud I could hear and understand individual words from the songs - through the walls of both the motel and the bar. It's not just that though, you... More
MoreMore
This is a great stay for one couple or many-we had 2 rooms with the 2 bedrooms open-large kitchen-worked our great for all of us-walking distance to town, great views-very nice folks at the hotel (thanks Lisa) give it a try
For the second year in a row, several members of our extended family descended on Bisbee on the day and night after Christmas. Early on, three families made reservations at Eldorado Suites as the extra bedroom option enabled us to make one booking, rather than book two hotel rooms elsewhere. Unfortunately, as the holidays approached, Eldorado instituted a two-night minimum... More
I loved my experience in Bisbee and staying at this location. The rooms were extraordinary. Very large accommodating space. The only negative was running out of hot water before my shower was completed. I was made to feel welcome when I arrived and appreciated as I left. I would definitely recommend this quaint place and will stay there again should... More
Eldorado Suites Hotel is the place to stay. It has a great view and a deck with table and chairs to view it. The extra bedroom was perfect when my husband and I took my brother for a couple of days. The staff was gracious and helpful. I would definitely stay there again.
The Eldorado Hotel is my favorite place to stay in Bisbee! I've stayed here several times now, and each visit has been absolutely wonderful! The staff is very welcoming and can give recommendations for restaurants/activities to check out during your visit (which is great for both first time visitors as well as those of us who have been to Bisbee... More
We stayed three nights during an unusual frigid period with a big snowfall as well. The suite was much appreciated. The kitchen was fully equipped, which was especially helpful since one snowy night we ate in. All was very clean and neat and comfortable. Lynn, at the desk, could not have been more accommodating. She offered to lend us a... More
If you're looking for a clean bed and micro and refrigerator, this is the place for you. It doesn't have much going for it as far as location or decor. In fact, if you want coffee, they send you across the street to the Circle K! The price was reasonable for what we got and it was pet friendly. It... More
Couples quick getaway from the valley. Perfect little boutique hotel right in the middle of downtown, on whiskey row. Walk to everything. It was clear that the owners gave attention to every detail of the hotel and each room in this tasteful remodel. The rooms were very modern yet kept that period feel and history of the hotel. Very clean,... More
A little on the steep side but worth it. A must see/stay if in town for a night or two. The atmosphere and ambiance is fitting for the style. I would certainly stay here again. And would also recommended friends and family.
What a wonderful place to stay to celebrate our Anniversary. From the moment we picked our room online to the moment we checked out we had nothing but a fantastic experience. The staff was friendly. The room was clean, cute and comfortable. They left us chocolate covered strawberries and a card on our bed saying Happy Anniversary which really made... More
Hotel was very cozy . Staff was very friendly and helpful. Room was small but very pleasant and comfortable Stairs to get up to the lobby were steep . But definitely would recommend this hotel to my friends and would come back for another stay .
The Grand Highland is a beautifully remodeled boutique hotel right on Whiskey Row. The staff are helpful and friendly. The breakfast is awesome. This place is CLEAN beyond belief! I can't wait to stay there again! Thank you, Ray and Melanie, for being such gracious hosts!
As others have said, the rooms are small and extremely charming. The staff is top notch with a service ethic to match the finest hotels. We recommend the Grand Highland as perfect for a night or two but it could be a little cramped (only a bed and chair, no sitting area) and inconvenient for longer stays (no kitchenette). It... More
Wonderful staff, adorable rooms, great continental breakfast, perfect location, and all at a reasonable price. We were passing through town and stumbled upon this little gem. I would definitely stay here again.
Awesome place to stay, close to everything in Prescott. The rooms were immaculate and each one had a different decor. The staff was great and very accommodating as we had to stay an extra day, but I wasn't complaining! I will be staying here again when I get back to Prescott.
The rooms had a lot of character. We enjoyed the Speak Easy room a lot. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was very nice. The room was a bit smaller than anticipated. The walls are pretty thin and we heard the trash man outside every morning, even above the noise maker. Breakfast was good, but simple. We found... More
This neat little boutique hotel features a handful of cozy and quiet rooms above the hustle and bustle of Whiskey Row. The staff was kind and accommodating, putting out local pastries and cookies in the afternoon. We stayed in the Mount Vernon room, which was quaint and decorated beautifully - really adding to the old west vibe of Whiskey Row.... More
I took my wife here for our anniversary. When we checked in they were awesome enough to leave a card on the bed celebrating our anniversary and had roses as well (that I didn't pay for, they just threw it in!) and it was a nice touch. The rooms are nice and cozy, and the clawfoot tub was my wife's... More
I found this on Trip advisor to be the top rated hotel in Phoenix. Hmm, maybe need to rethink my sources It was fine. But really - another 'cool industrial hotel' with large common areas to hang with other hotel guests. Yikes. We had a large room with a balcony. Sliding walls were good but the weird blue velvet curtain that separated the bathroom from the bedroom was weird. There were 5 sinks in our room. One in the toilet room, two that overlooked the living room and two that overlooked the bedroom. Why Then there was a 'super cool' shower with clear glass that said SEXY and another shower that was frosted that said NOT SEXY. What No tub. No closet. A corner with a place to hang some clothes next to the sexy shower....and a smaller blue velvet curtain. NO! Maybe I am just too old for this place Give me a nice bathroom with a great shower, double sink and a deep tub..a coffee pot and a great bed and I am happy. Hey! Thanks for the feedback. There aren't actually any other industrial hotels in Phoenix, which, is why we pride ourselves on our look and feel. We understand that we're not for everyone, but we appreciate you giving us a try!
This hotel did an excellent job during probably their busiest weekend. They accommodated my requests quickly, let me check in early and leave a bit late. The rooms have industrial finishes but are very modern overall. The location is awesome and very convenient within Phoenix against their light rail. Overall, awesome!Wow! Thanks for taking the time to write a review. We appreciate it and hope you will visit us again!
If you are looking for a hotel with its unique vibe, this is it. Nothing would remind you of a hotel chain. From the moment you step foot in the door you'll see it has its own personality. The rooms are awesome.That's exactly what we were going for! We're happy to hear you had a great stay.
My partner and I decided to try what looked like a quirky hotel in PHX for a Valentine's Day getaway. The moment we walked in we knew we'd found a winner. The place was teeming with interesting people, the walls were adorned with local art and the smells from the kitchen made our mouths water. The staff was super friendly and attentive and every aspect of the hotel lived up to our expectations: great bed, wonderful room, outstanding food/drink. Thank you so much for this amazing review! We are so happy to hear you had a wonderful time! Please visit us again soon.
I stayed for 3 days business of an 8 day business trip to North America. A welcome and refreshing change from typical chain hotels. Great rooms but limited storage space to really unpack. Food was great but the music never matched the ambience or ethic menu. The art was great in the lobby. It's in a great location for walking to local bars and cafes. A had some minor issues but this were promptly resolved with great service.Glad to hear you had a great stay. We hope you will return again soon. Thanks for taking the time to write this review.
Modern, downtown hotel with comfortable square footage rooms. The hotel is on light rail walkable to ASU campus buildings. Fantastic art, comfortable pool friendly staff. Would definitely stay here again.Thank you for this awesome review! See you on your next visit.
The Found:Re is a truly unique experience. It is really an art gallery posing as a hotel. Wonderful pieces to view everywhere. I thoroughly enjoyed strolling the property to view the art. Great room on the 8th floor. The shower is awesome: not just a walk in but a sit in with a jack and jill sink. Nice bath amenities from Bigelow. Great bar with awesome bar keeps Maxwell and Kyle. I'd make a trip to Phoenix even in the summer just to stay here.Thank you! We are so happy to hear you had a great stay! Please visit again soon.
Absolutely stunning, and had some of the best customer service i've EVER had! Just know about parking on the street, their only, but annoying, flaw. Their back parking lot is only for valet guests, which is ridiculous. Great pool though and beautiful rooms. Overall, great place to stay!Hi Jenn, thanks for the feedback. We're happy to hear you had a great stay. Because parking is limited Downtown, we along with other Phoenix hotels charge for parking. We apologize for the inconvenience. We hope this does not deter you from staying with us in the future.
I stayed at the hotel last week while in town for a concert. Neat boutique hotel, centrally located and close to downtown. The service was great in all areas, and I loved the appetizers at MATCH. I'll definitely be checking into this hotel for future weekend trips!Hi John Z, We think you're pretty neat too! Thank you for staying with us! Make sure you take advantage of our great summer rates and visit us again soon.Have a great day!
Interesting decor and lay out of rooms, beds every comfortable, rooms well stocked. One piece of advice, don't have the breakfast as it is poor value and portions are small. Stay here but eat elsewhere. Staff all generally friendly,.Thank you for the review. Do you mind sharing which breakfast dish you had Most of our items are fairly large in portion. We'd love a chance to make this right. We hope this does not deter you from staying with us.
If you book make sure you tell them you have an anniversary to get good treatment.... We had booked 3 rooms and only one room with an anniversary received better service. And expect to be called a liar in so many words if something happens there you want an explanation for. I was in tears. Don't believe valet if they tell you no parking fee for guests on registry. I paid too much for the headache I got...I didn't deserve thatHi! I'm so sorry to hear you had a less than amazing experience staying with us. I would love to follow up and get some more detail from you on your stay. Could you please provide the best contact info, name, and date of stay We'd like to do all we can to rectify the situation. Please send info to jvaldezfoundrehotels.com. We do hope you will give us another try.
This was one of the best hotel experiences I have had in a while. The industrial design is funky and interesting - much better than the blandness of big hotel chains. The eclectic art gives it an edge. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful and nothing was too much trouble. The rooms were large, well laid out and well appointed. I would not hesitate to stay again or recommend it to friends.Mary-Anne, thank you so much for this amazing review. We are happy to you had a great stay and we look forward to welcoming you again.
I had a quick weekend in Phoenix due to a family emergency and this hotel couldn't have been a more perfect reprieve from the chaos of the circumstances that led to the trip. The hotel staff was excellent, extremely friendly and social with guests. The lobby and decor was really cool with art everywhere. Bar was lovely with fun, inventive drinks and a lively, but not obnoxious atmosphere. Room was very spacious with great amenities, though some options in the mini bar would be nice. Bed was great as was the shower. I had a balcony that looked over the pool area. Great little couch to sit on outside. I have stayed in a couple of Ace hotels and I would say this hotel has that feel, but done much better. For the reasonable price this hotel is wonderful! Thanks Found:re for bringing some light to a crap weekend : ).Wow! Thank you so much for the wonderful review. We're so happy to hear you had a great stay. We can't wait to have you back. Sorry you had a crap weekend. Glad we could help make it better.
Everything was absolutely wonderful. The design of the room was a bit too industrial for my taste, BUT the layout of the room was awesome! I never felt cramped, AND we could not hear the other guests PERIOD. Kudos for the prompt attention when we discovered wine glasses outside the other guests door. For me the pillows and bed were the best! Too bad I didn't sneak a peek at the label.Thank you so much Viola for the wonderful review. We're so happy to hear that you had a great stay. We hope it's not the last time you visit.
Came for a quick staycation visit and absolutely loved it. This is modern industrial look and detail throughout the hotel. Liked my bed it was very comfortable and so were the pillows. Lots of places to plug in electronics gadgets and nice art in and round the hotel. I kind of missed having a tub but its wasnt a deal breaker. Breakfast was delicious. Would definitely return for a short visit again. Hi hawx5,Thank you for your kind words. We thought you were amazing too! We hope to see you again very soon.Thanks!
I spent 2 nights in this Unique property - If you love Art and you love the unusual and sensory pleasures of sight and taste this is the place for you.Upon my arrival I was greeted with enthusiasm and an eagerness to please. Every associate from the Valet, Front Desk, Bartender, Restaurant staff could not have been better. Since I travel often and am in 5 star properties - I was delighted at the wonderful service of this property. Open spacious rooms with a very sexy element - great city views - comfortable beds. Very eclectic - modern - artistic - beautiful.The bar had a variety of custom beverage none of which were your ordinary spirits. Match (the restaurant) offered a fantastic menu with delicious dishes many with a twist.Whoa! This review just blew us away. There are those guests who just get it and you totally nailed our vision in this review. Thank you for the kind words and for sharing your experience. We'll be sure to share with the team! We do hope you'll come back soon.
What a great and unexpected hotel find this was. Found:re had the best combination of a downtown location with cool and interesting decor throughout both the common spaces and guest room. I was there for a quick business trip and the entire staff from valet to front desk to restaurant/bar staff were super friendly and efficient while making sure everything about my stay was excellent. Food in the restaurant was top notch for both dinner and breakfast. The pool was small by Phoenix standards, but perfect for a quick cooling dip after a scorching hot day. Highly recommended place to stay in Phoenix if you are tired of the same old formula chain hotels. Thank you so much. We're happy to hear you had a great stay. Please visit again soon!
It's a very nice hotel for the price. Its updated and appeared very modern. Valet is 25 or you have to find public parking. Check-in was nice easy and staff is friendly. Room 512 was very modern looking. There is no carpet it's all concrete floors but it does have rugs. Bathroom was nice and clean. Bed and pillows were comfortable. Only negative about the bed was the metal frame around it. We hit our knees a couple times on it so that was unpleasant. The lobby Bar was great with good happy hour food and drinks. Rail station stop is across the street. We took Lyft to the Arena which was about 5 mins away. Went to Club Luxx (which is a block away) after for a concert after party. Club was great with great music. Checkout was a breeze and breakfast in the lobby was good. Thank you Jesus! We're happy to hear you had a great experience.
I booked a special rate to include parking and 50 in food and drink. The hotel billed for both. Upon checkout I had to remind them to take off the 75 parking and then a week later I received charges for a brunch and water in the room. After calling, they credited the brunch, but would not take off the 3 for a water in the room (not included as a drink). Amazing that after all the hassle, the 3 charge was not credited.Nice atmosphere, but with this type of customer service I will stay elsewhere going forward.Hello dwyejj, Thank you for taking the time to share your experience at Found:re Phx. I'm so sorry to hear of the confusion around the rate you booked. I went ahead and made some adjustments to your bill. I also shared your feedback with our management team to ensure other guests do not experience the same issues. Please email me at mrykalskyfoundrehotels.com or call me at 602-875-8008 at your earliest convenience to ensure everything is correct. I hope you'll give us a second chance next time you're staying in the Phoenix area.Thanks!
I picked this place bc of its proximity to a concert I was attending. This place is clean, the staff was great. Nothing fancy, but if you're looking for fancy. Pinetop is probably not where you are going to find it. I would definately stay here again.
We stayed at this hotel during a family vacation both before and after we got back on our plane home. They made every combination they could for our family. My daughter was short a little bit of money buying a candy bar and they gave it to her anyways. The swimming pool was perfect it was warm and it was always a few kids in there to play. The rooms were comfortable and cool. The Wi-Fi worked perfectly. The breakfast was excellent with choices for just about everybody. I don't think you could expect much more from a hotel. Great job we will be backThank you for your kind words. We love to hear that our guests enjoy their time with us and look forward to seeing you again next time you are in the area!
Nice hotel. Convenient location next to the freeway. Warm cookies at check-in. Delicious breakfast. Several options available ranging from cold cereal to hot, make it yourself, waffles. The staff members are very nice, friendly and seem to enjoy their job. The room is average, but comfortable. The bathroom is clean. Plenty of parking in the front and in the back of the hotel. Although I did not get in the pool, it looked clean and inviting.
We traveled to Phoenix to see the semi finals of the Sprint Cup NASCAR race. And altho we had a little bit of a drive to PIR the proximity to the airport was great allowing us to take our time to check in the rental car and arrive to the airport in a timely manner. Everything was clean and comfortable and the included breakfast was good. Everything in the room worked too.
We traveled to Phoenix to see the semi finals of the Sprint Cup NASCAR race. And altho we had a little bit of a drive to PIR the proximity to the airport was great allowing us to take our time to check in the rental car and arrive to the airport in a timely manner. Everything was clean and comfortable and the included breakfast was good. Everything in the room worked too.
my son and I was charged 100, which overdrafts my account, for smoking in a non smoking room....I quit smoking 5 years ago and my son is 6...there was no one smoking on my room. when I found out I went back and was told oh well by management. I am a single parent and moving back to Texas next week because my mother was diagnosed with cancer. now I may not get to go...so what do I think about this motel....I don't have the words to express my Ander and hurt at what they have done...Sorry to hear about the fee. However, when we find hard evidence of smoking in our non-smoking designated rooms we charge a 100.00 clean up fee.
The room creeked and mad noises all night like the room was shifting.There was lot of loud stereo sounds coming from the parking lot all night long and someone kept whistleing loudly on and off my whole stay.
The hotel needs total remodel. The furniture is shot. Curtains did not close all the way.Thank you for your review.We apologize that the furniture in your room looked like it needed replacement. Please provide us with room number you experienced this. You can reach me directly at 602-995-8451.Again, I apologize for your experience and thank you for your sincere review.
Conviniet to our business in the Phoenix area waiting for the light rail to open a mile away to connect to downtown Phoenix
Honestly should have known better than to try a second stay. At least this time, the wifi eventually worked, but the desk clerk didn't even know that the room I was given didn't have a microwave / working refrigerator like my reservation said it would. At least there was a great fast mex restaurant within walking distance. When I returned, there were two squad cars and police at the room above me, sidestepping the dog feces in the parking lot, I got into my room took a hot shower, took note of the cigarette burns in the bathroom of the non-smoking room, and hit the clean sheets. Breakfast room was clean, food ok, big sign that said no taking food to rooms. -shrug- another hot shower and I got out of there. Won't go back.
I had booked this room through Travelocity so it was paid in full. We decided to book here because I wanted to treat my family to TWO king beds and had booked this type of room. We arrived at 5:00 pm after traveling all day and was told our room was not ready even though check in was at 3:00. Told the manager that was unacceptable and he offered a one king/one sofa room. Told him this was unacceptable. He then offered a two queen room. After some haggling I asked for a discount and he offered 30 or 40 and would email Travelocity to adjust my price. Later I ran into him and he asked if I needed anything and I said an email from Travelocity with my refund which he said I would get in 10 minutes. By morning still no email so I called Travelocity directly who was WONDERFUL and called the manager while I was on hold and got the refund processed. Had I not called I am certain there would not have been a refund issued. As for this place: Run as fast as you can. There are people here that must rent by the month and are quite shady. Lots of garbage built up outside rooms, the parking lot has thousands of cigarette butts, lots of partying and ruckus during the night. Our bathroom had dirty footprints and there was literally a hole in the wall where the cable line is and we could see straight through to our neighbors room. The grounds are a mess. Breakfast was a complete joke. Make your own eggs in an electric fry pan. But there were no eggs, only 4 pieces of toast and a few mini muffins left that I put on a plate for my still sleeping family and got yelled at by the scary looking front desk worker when I arrived at 8:00. Yes, there was a sign that says no food out of the breakfast area but at that point I did not care about following the rules. A nice lady eating breakfast after me dug through the cabinets and found an extra container of muffins and a box of frosted flakes but according to other people eating they forgot to go shopping and that is why they were short on food. The dispenser for the juice was not filled---instead you poured your own from the jugs they had from the store that who knows how long were sitting out.
Nice rooms / friendly staff and pet friendly. check out is usually 11am. Wal-Mart across street and places to eat nearby. Only stayed a night but was clean and revamped. Would stay here again. Motel 6 is a nice value and love that they are finally redecorating them. Love the new look.
I had to attend a meeting here and decided to stay the night. The room was clean and the staff was pleasant. Nice pool andJacuzzi. Coffee shop also served Starbucks coffee but had their own sandwiches which were really good and worth the price. Most of the other guests there also had breakfast there rather than in the nearby mall and were happy with their orders as well. The mall is also quite near, walking distance with a wide selection of food.
This resort is in a state of flux, though the excellent staff does make it easier to endure the noise and inconvenience of construction. The furnishings in our 2 bedroom unit were old and the unit, overall, was exhibiting signs of wear. The main pool is large and fun, though there is NO cafe or food service. None! Other resorts... More
Fantastic! We had a large 2 bed suite, nice bathroom. A laundry room was a necessity because we were traveling from North Carolina to California by car, which this place has. It is 2.00 for washer and dryer (each load machine), so bring quarters! No DVD player but that's okay with us. Had discounts at a few local restaurants... More
We stayed here one night while passing through town. The room was very clean, spacious but just a touch too costly at 131 a night. 100 for the family sized room is more realistic. Oh Well. Nothing really bad to say.I hope that you will consider staying with us again so that we can have another chance to provide you with a superior experience.
I was in Sierra Vista for 8 months working a Gov't contract at Fort Huachuca. The Quality Inn is the only Hotel that accepts the CLC cards. Very unfortunate for me! The Hotel needs a lot of repairs and upgrades. The location is perfect! Just down the street from the Mall, shops and restaurants. Interior carpet needs replaced. Had trouble... More
Lovely, clean, and handy hotel. It is less expensive than Phoenix area hotels. Its located north of typical Phoenix Metro traffic and congestion and in an ideal place to begin a drive into Sedona or Grand Canyon in the morning. Anthem is a beautiful Arizona...More
I'm a fit senior, however my thighs have needed heat therapy since my recent stay at this hotel. Toilets are so low to floor. Have bbn installed all higher toilets in my home and know they are not expensive. ADA room +20. Seniors revolt.
Booked on line. Arrived and was able to check in immediately and got a nice room for a decent price. Room was comfortable and quiet and service was nice. No problems encountered and check out was easy. Thanks for a nice stay.
If cheap sex, great drugs, and a constant party outside your door, with tweakers looming everywhere, ready and willing to find you a fix of any drug imaginable is what you crave, then Best Inn and Suites is exactly what the doctor ordered! The fat hooker, Maria, she doubled as the cleaning lady there, if that gives you any indication... More
If you're used to the average chain hotel where you get a reasonably sized room and a simple breakfast at a good price, you'll like this place.We chose this location because we were just arriving on an evening flight on our way to Sedona. The hotel is convenient to the highway but there's really nothing else around the property.The property is modern and fairly clean. The room was nicely made up and had some useful amenities like a fridge, microwave, and sink. The TV and wifi worked well. Unfortunately, the free popcorn ends up on the floors in the elevator and and the carpet in the hallways which looks messy. Otherwise, everything was well maintained.The staff was friendly and the breakfast filled us up well enough.I would definitely use this chain again as long as the rates were comparable to similar hotels in the area.
The good:* The hotel staff were very helpful. We arrived early afternoon and the staff were more than happy to let us have an early check in to our hotel room and gave us information on the area* The hotel room was a great size with very comfortable beds* The free evening snacks were so big we didnt need any dinner. Combine this with the free wine it was fantastic* The free breakfast was very tastyThe bad:* The room itself was very dark but I found this to be the case with most American hotel rooms
I was travelling with a friend who had never stayed at a Drury Inn before, she still talks about how great the experience was compared to other hotels. We loved the extras that you don't pay extra for, the breakfast and dinner were fresh but arrive early as they tend to run out of things.
From the moment we stepped up to the checking desk to the time we left, the checking staff and the food-service people were warm, hospitabie, courteous, and competant. They seemed that they truly wanted our stay to be wonderful. The hotel was nice, and well located. They offer complementary breakfast, afternoon popcorn and sodas, and their 5:30 Kickback. I thought this was a little snack...but no, its a full meal with drinks included (beer, wine or cocktails). What a pleasant surprise after traveling all day we didn't have to find a restaurant! Tanya, Vickie Tyrone were extremely warm and kind to us the entire week. Drury should give these people a raise for the wonderful face they give to the property! They each went above and beyond to make sure we had everything we could want. Thanks gang for a wonderful week! We were so pleased with the warm reception of these folks that we'll look for Drury properties when we next travel.
I found the rooms very dark and gloomy especially the suites - that was my biggest problem. Otherwise it is a basic hotel with very friendly and accommodating staff. The free afternoon drinks and breakfast were ok. You certainly get your value for money here.Thank you for your kind words and honest feedback about your recent stay with us. I am thrilled that the staff was able to make your stay pleasant. I am grateful for your comments about the lighting of our rooms. For without feedback from guests like you, improvement might not always be possible. We will seek to find a solution for the issue that caused your concern. Thank you again for choosing to stay with us at the Drury Inn and Suites Phoenix Happy Valley! We hope to see you again soon! Thank you!Kendall K.General Manager
The Drury Inn is a great place to stay. With small children you can never underestimate the importance of snacks and a swimming pool, and the Drury Inn has both!!!Their evening happy hour spread and breakfast are great. In this day and age it is so nice to go somewhere and feel like you are getting true local hospitality! The price point and amenities will make me seek out the Drury Inn when we travel in the South in the future.One, thing... Watch out for the tile by the pool! It's really slick.
Great staff, clean hotel and room! Nice views of the valley. Food is good and they have an evening social that is pretty cool! I didn't make it to the pool but it looked awesome. The hotel is in a safe neighborhood located close to plenty of places to eat and shop!
Upon returning to the north Phoenix area I did not hesitate in staying at this hotel again, and it didn't disappoint. Check in was friendly and efficient, and our room was clean with ample space, storage, mirrors and power outlets. The bed was comfortable and there was minimal outside noise. The free wifi was faultless in all areas of the hotel. The breakfast and 5:30 kickback were very good, with plenty of choice for even the fussiest eater like me! The hotel itself has been well maintained and appeared spotless. Excellent value for money. Will most definitely stay again.I would also like to thank the hotel staff who found and kept safe my friends credit card which was left behind in our room after check out.
Yes yes yes! Not every hotel or inn/suites for that matter have indoor pool. The indoor pool is situated right next to the Spa. It's amazing, and not too far is the Dining area where food is in abundance. It's a Great Hotel/Inn and suites. Would definitely come back to this Hotel and recommend this to my circle of friends.
I have stayed at this Drury several times. I am always welcomed with a smile and very pleasant front desk. The rooms are always exceptionally clean and very comfotable. I will always stay here on my trips to the Phoenix area.
This hotel offers a comfortable, well maintained facility with great amenities such as hot, fresh popcorn every afternoon, full hot breakfast (think sausage, eggs, biscuits, waffles--the works) and an afternoon kick back with 3 complimentary drinks (mixed drinks or wine), salad, nacho's, chili, hot dogs...More
Very nice hotel for a fair price. Friendly staff, excellent rooms with evening cocktails and self serve hot food. A very nice self serve breakfast with ample seating. This is a family and pet friendly hotel. My stay was over a holiday weekend and there were a few sports teams staying here. If you prefer a quite relaxing stay this hotel may not be for you. Kids running in the halls, riding the elevators, and screaming in the pool but then again, that is what kids do! However this may not be the norm since schools just let out. The hotel is close to restaurants and shopping as well as movie theaters. It is right off Interstate 17 so easy off easy on.
I will go back in the future because the rooms are comfortable, great staff and they have a good breakfast and happy hour with nibbles.They also allow pets. But what they also allow is huge numbers of children running around and in the pool in the evening,.not conducive to a relax dip or time in the hot tub. I wish they would put a time limit and age limit after a certain time.Thank you for staying with us and for your positive feedback regarding our breakfast, evening Kickback, rooms and pet policy. There are times when we have activities in the city that bring young adult groups to the hotel and it sounds like this may have been the case during your visit. We staff up for these times to try and anticipate issues like noise or multiple groups in the same area. If you should ever encounter this type of situation during your stay, please contact the manager on duty who will do everything possible to ensure all guests enjoy their visit. If you would like to discuss further, please feel free to call the hotel directly. Thanks again for your feedback and we hope you will stay with us again!Larry L.General Manager
Front desk clerks and housekeeping staff were friendly and professional. Room was clean and beds slept well. Location is quiet as well as convenient. Local strip malls within walking distance - restaurants, grocery store, fast food, gas station all within walking distance. Metro bus stops nearby as well. Quick trip from and to the airport, to Scottsdale, and downtown Phoenix. Offers coffee all day however I would have loved to have had a continental breakfast. Dear Lee P,Thank you so much for staying with us. I am happy to hear that you found your room to be exactly what you need. We don't serve breakfast, but we are located close to many places to grab a bite to eat. I do hope that the next time you are in Phoenix, you will stay with us again.Sincerely,Dallas A.Assistant General Manager
MoreMore
Chain motels can be a hit or miss. This was a definite hit. I had specifically requested a room with a refrigerator as I had to keep medication refrigerated. Upon arrival, the assigned room did not have a refrigerator. The owner, Manny, went way out of his way to make sure he gave us a very nice room with a... More
I was surprised that this Motel 6 has a new look. The room was very clean and spacious. Has a flat screen TV, Microwave and Fridge, with free wi-fi and a nice big pool too. We have stayed in so many other motel 6's but this one caught my eyes and I decided to write a review on it. Next... More
No clock. No tissues. No coffee pot. No hairdryer. Thin scratchy towels. No shampoo. No microwave (although it was advertised as having one). Refrigerator on warmest setting froze all my food solid the first night. Manager responded, the last order of refrigerators we got are all bad and that was that. I unplugged the fridge and threw away a lot... More
This Quality Inn is about average compared to other Quality Inns. It's clean and convenient. The reason my review isn't higher is because the room didn't have enough towels, and appeared the maid just never finished it. The hallway hadn't been vacuumed in a long time. Soda machine on the third floor didn't work and the front day person seemed... More
A lovely hotel. Friendly staff, clean, quiet. Good places to walk in the area. Easy freeway access, but still quiet. We look forward to staying there again. The lobby was beautiful. It was nice to come in from running around to the cold lemon water in the lobby.
Very nice property very accommodating the rooms slept six comfortably the breakfast was good but we ended up going to cracker barrel the next exit westbound Kids enjoyed pool and the have bar and happy hour close to most attractions located right off freeway and very quiet in back rooms comfortable beds we had 2 beds and a pull out... More
Excellent Hotel of Hilton Garden Inn on the Colorado River and walking distance to Old Town Yuma! Very friendly staff, love staying at this hotel on way to San Diego! I've stayed at this location just about every time I pass through Yuma, Arizona!
This hotel was clean with a friendly staff. I will stay here again and recommend this place to others. The breakfast and other accommodations are great. The hotel is also in a great location for restaurants and other activities offered in the area.
The staff from the front desk, the breakfast room to the housekeeping all displayed Best Western's Vision, to lead the industry in superior customer care. It was a great experience for me and my family. The property was so beautiful and the views were incredible, from the moment we waked in we felt at home. We can not wait to... More
We visited during the fall and our stay at this hotel was very enjoyable. Our standard king room was clean, updated, spacious, comfortable and had everything we needed. The bathroom was a little cramped but the vanity area had plenty of room with nice bright lighting. But the best part was the view! It was beyond expectations. The complimentary breakfast... More
Basic Motel 6. No frills but a clean quiet room. Interior hallways which is a bit unusual for this chain. Was it something other than Motel 6 in the past Reception very helpful. Very fast wi-fi for basic.
It was great having the complimentary breakfast and evening meal! Saved a lot of money from going out to eat. Hotel was clean but housekeeping wasnt very thorough! Overall, would consider staying here again!
Stayed one night at this hotel and it was great. We love Homewood Suites for their nice properties, free parking and free breakfast and this property did not disappoint. Nice location (near Fry's supermarket and In and Out Burger), friendly staff and the usual Homewood Suites bells and whistles.
Great place to stay! The staff is friendly and helpful. Everything was very clean and staff were constantly making sure everything was spotless. Angie's white chili with chickpeas was awesome! Trying to find a recipe similar to it so I can make it at home. Breakfast served daily, dinners a couple nights a week. There were laundry facilities available and... More
My wife and I met 4 other couples and stayed here for 2 weeks. What a great choice! The staff was super friendly, helpful in every possible way, and literally bent over backwards to make our stay most memorable! They accommodated several special requests, gave us a reduced rate on some meeting rooms, and made the choice of a return... More
Close to many restaurants makes this hotel quite convenient. We spent two nights and walked to dinner both nights. The room was large with a separate sitting area which was nice as we did not have to sit on the bed to watch t.v. The staff are extremely friendly and quite knowledgeable about what is available. The tip about the... More
This was the only Hotel that we made reservations for in our trip. We got in a little early, about 1:10 and were told the rooms were not ready. We had to come back after 2 PM. When I made reservations they said there was a 15.00 pet fee. When we got there they wanted to charge us 25.00 for... More
We spent a timeshare week here, and this is one of the most enjoyable stays we've had at a resort. First of all, the location is beautiful. The resort is a couple of miles off the main road, nestled among the pines. As described by so many, the cabins are phenomenal. The living area, dining area, and bedrooms are tastefully... More
I had stayed there before and gave them a positive review. However, when I went back, they had changed management. The staff is very negative, incompetent, and nasty. There is no shortage of drama. I went 4 weeks without any housekeeping and then the new manager blamed me. I am now staying in another place for now without any drama and my room is cleaned DAILY! Please don't put yourself through this - GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!
I had stayed there before and gave them a positive review. However, when I went back, they had changed management. The staff is very negative, incompetent, and nasty. There is no shortage of drama. I went 4 weeks without any housekeeping and then the new manager blamed me. I am now staying in another place for now without any drama and my room is cleaned DAILY! Please don't put yourself through this - GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!
Older motel that is very roomy, clean decorated in a western style. Great location from all the sites to see in downtown Tombstone. Super nice staff that make you feel very welcome. Great lil restaurant within the hotel that serves great food at a great price.
It's now called the Budget Host Inn. Signs for the Tombstone Motel have been taken down. Not a bad place to stay considering where it is located, Tombstone, AZ. An older facility, it is across the street from downtown Tombstone, easy walk. Parking is tight. Room was very clean, everything worked okay. King bed was a bit soft but doable.... More
Yes an average motel, but you cant beat the location, its a no frills place, but who cares, you wont be in your room all day, you will be visiting tombstone, Barry and staff are great and helpful. Ive written reviews about this place before, but changed email, so iam startimg over. Its a basic room folks, want frills, go... More
There may be better places to stay in town but I wouldn't know. There were a few things I would have like a little better, but all in all we liked the room. It was very spacious and the bed felt great. We like great showers with lots of pressure and this one didn't disappoint. The room was a little... More
The staff was marvelous and friendly. The motel serves an actual hot breakfast! The place was terrifically clean with lots of towels. There were two sinks, one in the bathroom and one in an alcove. The walls were a little thin for my liking -- could hear folks in the parking area and folks in the next room, but I've... More
I have stayed at this property before. It continue to be well-maintained. The room was spacious and comfortable. The room is far enough from the main street that traffic noise isn't a factor. The breakfast is very complete - biscuits, gravy, eggs, sausage, cold cereal, yogurt, fresh fruit, pastries, instant cereals. It's a nice place.
One of the quietest places we have stayed at. Very Clean. Everyone smiling and helpful. Did I say clean and quiet on the 4th of July weekend. Real people work here and stay here. Away from the path usually taken and worth it. The White mountains are a great place to travel around.
This Residence Inn is kind of out of no where - it's pretty far from the center of city and has lots developments in the area. That being said, there are good restaurants/coffeeshops around within 3-5 mins drive. Their price for the room in summer is GREAT! Not sure if I would pay for what they ask for in spring though.Dear Jui-Yu C,Thank you for choosing the Residence Inn Phoenix North/Happy Valley for your recent travels to Phoenix. Commitment to service and guest satisfaction is a main focus and we are delighted to hear you enjoyed your stay. The pride and dedication our hotel team takes in providing exceptional customer service to our valued guests speaks strongly to our companys core values, good service at a fair price.Thank you again for taking the time to provide your feedback and we look forward to serving you again soon!
The hotel is located in North Phoenix just off I-17 and with only a short drive to the 101 and 303 loops, it provides good access to the metropolitan area. A wide range of restaurants and shopping is within a five minute drive. The hotel itself is very clean and modern. We had a spacious king bed studio which was extremely comfortable. The swimming pool is large, almost like a double pool and is shared with the Marriott Courtyard next door. There are plenty sun beds and on most occasions only a handful of people were using the facility. We loved the complimentary managers reception on Monday through Wednesday. The food was terrific, accompanied by beer,wine and soft drinks. Breakfast every day was also very good. The service we received was excellent. All the staff whatever their job, were friendly, but respectful and very efficient. This was our first stay in a Residence Inn and we were very impressed!Dear MoJoTours,Thank you so much for providing your feedback. I am so glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us. We hope to see you again on your next trip into Phoenix!
We usually stay here, they are remodeling but, they are still providing top quality hospitality. Most places that are remodeling usually act like its the end of the road but not the staff at Econo Lodge on Lucky Lane. They put us in one of the newly finished rooms and it was very nice. Looks like the 2nd floor is... More
It was the last leg of our 7 day 3,000 mile trip. I wanted to relax in the hot tub and get a good nights rest before the last 7 hours. The setting is conveniently located off I-40. The views of the mountains was great. The only things that were bothersome was that they had a poor variety of restaurants... More
