This has been one of the most accomadating hotels I have ever visited. Whenever I come to this area I book this hotel. The staff is always courteous and they will assist you as much as they possibly can (i.e., early check-in, directions, extra towels and wash clothes, etc.) Most important, you cannot beat the price. The rooms are fine... More
I recently stayed for 2 nights. This is a great location, very close to everything. The hotel is clean and safe. The staff is friendly. I do wish there were gluten free options other than fruit and yogurt for breakfast, but breakfast is free so you take what you can get.
My husband I were in Huntsville for a family function recently. We chose to stay at the Fairfield property since it was new and convenient to our family. We were very impressed by the property and the customer service we received from Taylor and the staff. The property has a small bar in addition to a well stocked Market... More
This hotel is clean and decent but most of all the location is perfect. You are surrounded by shops and restaurants. If you are looking for affordable accommodations and daily continental breakfast, the Fairfield Inn is definitely the place.
I came back to visit my family for the holidays. This hotel is very friendly and welcoming. The front desk girl remembered me from my previous stay. My room had a desk, microwave, and refrigerator and floor space to spread out.
Nice pool, hot tub, great breakfast super friendly staff! Great location, we were able to walk to great bar Loosa nice restaurant The Avenue Pub, and lots of shopping. Modern, well maintained hotel.
Checked a LOT of different places for our Alabama Trip with my brother and sisters.Motel won out price wise and we arrived and had an enjoyable check in and had a two night stay in room 115.The room was clean and the only complaint there is the front door to the room needed weather stripping around the door as... More
We needed an inexpensive place to stay for a High School fishing tournament at Lake Guntersville, clean, nice, place. We visited in April so the pool was not opened. Boat parking was limited not because there was not enough but other patrons parked so it limited others, however the management team was great at having alternate power locations for charging... More
We needed an inexpensive place to stay for a High School fishing tournament at Lake Guntersville, clean, nice, place. We visited in April so the pool was not opened. Boat parking was limited not because there was not enough but other patrons parked so it limited others, however the management team was great at having alternate power locations for charging... More
I stayed here for 2 nights. I read reviews from back in November that it was being remodeled. Thought by now remodeling would be done. Mattresses were comfortable, but pillows are horrible...Very knotty. This place should be closed until remodeling is done.
Very helpful and friendly staff. The superior King Room was completely remodel, with new beds and hardwood floors, no more outdated carpet. Shower water pressure was good. The air condition work well and the room was very quiet. Planning on stay for a long term work assignment.
I gave this review an excellent rating. I haven't experienced the same situations that the other guests have written about and am actually surprised to read them. My room was clean and orderly. Bathroom was clean, towels clean. Staff was friendly. No - I didn't have free breakfast - but I didn't expect free breakfast. No Courtyard - anywhere -... More
Everyone was very helpful and extremely polite. Every housekeeper said Good morning, the front desk was exceptional at check in and check out, I have never met a nicer, friendlier group of people any where! The bistro was awesome! The rooms we stayed in was very, very clean but needed to be updated a little.
As an Area Development Manger for three states this location by far has suited our company's needs with their ability to make room available for myself and staffs. April Farrell Taylor Duncan have been nothing but exceptional in delivering on expectations, friendly, engaged and always professional. I now use this location as my primary meeting destination and wanted to... More
After spending 10 hours in the car we stopped here. Outside hotel needs serious work unless you like wasps and spiders. Exit sign hanging by wires from 2nd floor ceiling. Pool had floating dirt and was extremely cloudy wouldnt let kids swim. Rooms are very old but at least it was sortof clean. The pictures look a lot less murdery... More
Great check in staff. The price was right for the quality of the room we had. The room has seen a lot of visitors Cracked tub, dirty rug, filthy mirror over sink. Definitely needs to be overhauled. Stayed one night only and moved on.
We were passing through on our spring break road trip. We almost didn't stay here because of a previous review that mentioned incidents involving pubic hair, however I would say that our stay was incredibly high quality and without a pubic hair to be found. The quality of the breakfast was good. The room quality was excellent--clean, comfortable, and quality... More
Had to change rooms twice room still wasn't great! Smelled.dirty! Workers were friendly, but still obviously not good at their job. We stayed 4 nights and it never got cleaner. Maids didn't even empty garbage
I had a great experience at this hotel. I chose it because of the great location and price. My room was ready earlier than expected, and I was able to have a late check out. The person manning the front desk was very nice and helpful, and the staff we encounterd were very nice as well, Our bed was comfortable,... More
Easy access to I-10, clean rooms, pleasant staff, large pool and walking distance to restaurants and clubs, washer and dryer availability, continental breakfast, front desk personnel very helpful. Adequate parking.
We have been staying in Econo Lodge's, and they have just been slacking lately! We tried Quality Inn and was so happy that we did!! Very clean, great breakfast, free WiFi. The staff was very nice! We got a wonderful nights sleep.
First let me say the only reason I did not give them a five was because I didn't get that wake up call that I requested the 2nd day I was there. Now with that said-everyone was very pleasant and the rooms were very nice-Bathrooms were great! The bedding was so soft and mattress was firm. Slept like a baby...that's... More
The staff was super helpful in setting up a block for a baseball team and also a block for the parents. They event went out of there way to have a special gift for the team and cookies. We will definitely stay with them again!
I really enjoyed our stay and your Staff was outstanding in making our trip so enjoyable. I would like to say that, Fay Kelly is a perfect host to awake to for breakfast. She was so helpful doing her demanding job. She did so with a wonderful attitude. It sure helps to start a new day having such a lovely... More
We stayed here on a Saturday night to go to the nearby casino. My party consisted of 2 adult couples, so we got a double queen room. Room was very clean and the breakfast the next morning was good.....waffles, sausage gravy, biscuits, cereal, danish, bagels, etc. My only complaint would be that there is no exhaust fan in the bathroom.... More
Hotel just completed complete upgrade in 2015 and theydidavery nice job. Looks great, nice clean breakfast area,and roomsare very nice also. Location excellent witha Wendys,Ruby Tuesday, waffle House, and Cracker Barrel all a few steps away. Stayed at Super 8 in the past,but not any more. Staff very friendly, and nice area to walk a dog.
BEST hotel in the area, great location, staff, room, price, Sealy posturepedic plush pillowtop mattress, flat screen TV's, micro/fridge, Iron/Board, coffee maker, quiet, clean, fresh, restaurants nearby, Wal-Mart next door, FREE HOT breakfast bar!!!!! They just go above beyond you will feel welcomed!!!!!!!!!!!!
I chose this place because the motels along the gulf were filled the night we were traveling thru. This place is just 15 minutes or so from US98 via the expressway. I called this place and the staff person mentioned that they had plenty of rooms. A little out of our way but room was comfortable and quiet. Places to... More
my family and I stayed here for six days. We had six adults and one infant at different times thru out our stay. I can not say enough of the kindness and attentiveness of the entire staff of this hotel. Just passing an employee in the hall, we were greeted and asked if there was anything we needed. The breakfast... More
Wish I could rate it at 4.5. This was a clean, quiet, comfortable hotel. The price was what one can expect given the area in the middle of the summer. We were actually right next to the fitness room and close to the lobby but we were never disturbed. It is a short drive to the beach so the savings... More
We often stay in Holiday In Express when we travel. This one was pretty standard. The hotel is a little worn and could use some sprucing up, but our room was fine. The front desk clerk was cordial, even when handling an obnoxious person who was making a scene. There's a nice little pool and hot tub. The breakfast was... More
The staff is very friendly and helpful, the rooms are clean, there are several restaurants within easy walking and driving. If you find yourself in Gadsden, Al this is a good hotel to try. They even have a free breakfast and wifi, for a pretty good price.
Like most Hampton Inns, this was a clean, well kept property. The staff was very helpful and considerate. A lot of the Hampton Inns will give you free water when you ask. this hotel was no exception. They offered me water and gave me as much as I wanted. The Internet was fast and reliable, which is another major thing... More
Strong mildew/mold smell in bathroom keeps me from giving this place a better rating. The public areas and fitness room very nice and clean. And it's easy on/off the highway for a convenient overnight stop. Typical Hampton breakfast.
Had a room on the 4th floor. The hotel was quite and clean. The service was very good and helpful. Entry and exit were convenient. There were a few resturants within walking distance and one that gave a discount if you were staying at the Hampton..
Stayed at this property several times. Great location, although traffic on 280 can be a bit of a nightmare. Friendly front desk staff- greeted with a smile and good customer service. The fresh popcorn in lobby was delish and the evening cocktail/ food service was an added welcome after a long day of meetings. The room was clean and bed... More
Stayed here twice now and it is amazing how this properties staff is, they are always very friendly and helpful. The choices of food every night and drink choices are great. Most importantly the General Manager is amazing, he is always out walking around and spending time with his guests which is pretty rare. He does an amazing job! Ohh... More
We all tend to have our own brands that we stay at for our own reasons. However I hadn't ever stayed at a Drury before this weekend. The rate was very fair and the entire staff was top notch. The GM was there working on a Saturday cleaning breakfast tables and ensuring guest had a good stay. He was being... More
This is an excellent place to stay in Birmingham. The people who work in this hotel are excellent and the accommodations are always clean. Further, the food is great and the servers go out of their way to help in any way possible. I recommend this hotel if you are visiting, shopping or taking care of business in the Birmingham... More
For the best customer service at the best price, stay at this wonderful hotel. Every member of the staff goes the extra mile for each guest and, Lou Verde, the hotel manager, sets the perfect example for his employees. I met Lou on my last visit a year ago and he greeted me by name when I arrived this year.... More
Upon check-in, we were greeted by a very sweet staff member who without me asking, made a note to the rest of her fellow staff members, that we would be accompanied by a service animal. This is greatly appreciated so that there is no awkward...More
This suited us for our Southern Migration. The bed was comfortable and the room was clean,location was on our route and the price was reasonable. Breakfast was adequate and the staff was friendly. all you need for an overnight stay.
Stayed for 5 days. Upon seeing the place I was a bit taken aback. Sign not really visible. Check-in was smooth. Our room was on the second floor, no elevator, but we had a ton of stuff to lug up and down. The paint on the building was minimal. Pool was out of service. Plus side... the room was clean,... More
The staff was friendly, front desk gave us a list of local restaurants to try. Room was clean and comfortable. The hotel was quiet and conveniently located. It was an all around nice weekend. Roll Tide!!
Great place to stop along the way nice quiet off the road (ask for a room on the backside ) the rooms are very clean and the whole hotel is extremely well kept this is always my stopping place when I go this direction
Stayed here one night again on the way to Panama City. Clean and 80 plus tax. They have a Great Breakfast included, self serve with a lot of variety although an attendant made my waffle.. Yummy just like last year. Easy off and back on I-65. Only problem was that one side of one of the 2 beds would kinda... More
Great customer service from Dana as we checked in. The room was very clean and quiet. The breakfast was excellent. The only thing was that the bed was a little too firm for my taste. This is a wonderful hotel!!
We booked 2 weeks in advance based on good reviews the prices. Reading new reviews closer to our trip date were found that this hotel was being converted to a Holiday Inn Express with construction going on. We called were assured inside construction would be finished by our arrival, which it was. We checked in Friday at 4:00... More
We traveled to Mobile for Mardi Gras and our family enjoyed our stay. I am very cautious when we travel with our children and I had no worries staying at this particular hotel. There were a number of restaurants and stores near to keep the kids entertained. We will be using this hotel again in the future. The staff was... More
Was searching for hotel just off I-10. Upon arriving, was concerned too close to the freeway. Also realized this hotel had formally been a different brand. Pleased with a clean, quiet room. Supportive professional staff. Mailed forgotten item. Excellent
The purpose of my trip was to spend time playing in a swimming pool with my grandchildren. I called to make sure the pool was open before making my reservation, and was told that it was. The phone person was at a remote location, and he said he checked. I got there, only to find out that the pool was... More
This hotel is very clean and the people are breakfast lady and the guy from 3rd shift are very nice and they didn't mind helping us out and they had great conversations and kept a smile on there face and they made our stay very enjoyable and I would recommend anyone to come to this hotel and they have different... More
Stayed here for my son's Basic Training graduation at Ft. Benning. Close to the base and restaurants. Service was excellent. Room was very clean. I would recommend staying here for anyone attending a graduation on the base.We are so happy that you chose us to stay with while you were visiting your soldier! I am truly happy that you enjoyed your stay. We hope to see you again soon!
Excellent location, beautiful grounds, newly renovated. Excellent and very friendly staff. Having spent nearly 2 months in this hotel as the Victorian Inn, I was truly surprised the new owners were able to keep the charm and hospitality and still modernize the property. The property had convenient parking and security gates that operated with the room key. The room was... More
In past trips, we usually stay right off of the interstate in Anniston, Al. This time I wanted to see what other lodging alternatives available. Am I ever glad that I did ! The Hotel Finial is located in downtown Anniston on a hill. Check-in was a breeze, and our roomed was super-clean, spacious, and (for the ladies) the bathroom... More
Stayed for the Talladega 500 - found the hotel convenient and just spectacular. How lucky we were to find this jewel. Free breakfast before the race, free Wi-Fi, pleasant staff, very clean rooms. What more do you want
We stopped here on the way to Florida. The gentleman (Jay) at the front desk was sooooo nice. We loved the big, fluffy towels and clean room. There was a microwave and a refrigerator. It was quiet and the air worked great too.
Was sent to Eufaula on business and was put in this Econo Lodge. Noticed the room is oddly designed with the bathroom sink outside and opposite of the bathroom itself. Beds are somewhat high off the floor and are not the softest, but not rock hard either. Owners appear to be in the middle of renovating but seem to be... More
This is an out of town location quiet and clean many updates and a friendly staff. The room was clean and very well maintained with a Microwave and a fridge a well kept motel moderately priced and easy access to the major areas with out the congestion of the down town areas The breakfast area was clean and the selection... More
The Courtyard Marriott at UAB is such a lovely and convenient hotel. The staff is wonderful. The rooms are always comfortable, I love the breakfasts at the Bistro restaurant. Torie is so efficient checking us in as well as as so helpful and pleasant. She helped us In many ways and she remembers us and makes us feel very special... More
I recently stayed at the Courtyard by Marriott at UAB in Birmingham, AL with my 90 year old mother-in-law because it was convenient to the hospital . Before arriving I called to let them know that I would be arriving late and to get any special instruction for parking my car due to getting my mother-in-law into the hotel with... More
My Father had a serious surgery UAB hospital. My mother is 73yo, uses an electric wheelchair, it is a long drive from home so we booked a room because it was conveniently attached to UAB Hospital. That's a lie. You must walk OUTSIDE to get to the hotel entrance. Outside, in downtown Birmingham, at night is not a... More
Staff was very friendly during our stay. Clean hotel inside and out. The ladies that worked the morning breakfast were extremely nice and helpful.I got the best rate in town for the three nights we were there! Thank you for a wonderful stay!!!
