nice clean hotel. Near WIU campus. Front desk very helpful, after traveling all day able to check into our room early. Rooms very clean Breakfast was nice, hot and plentiful not far from stores and places to eat dinner
My daughter and I stayed at the Hampton Inn during a visit to WIU for Audition Day! Perfect Experience! Comfy, clean beds with fluffy comforters and great pillows. Totally updated bathroom with fine finishes. Breakfast was awesome and the dining area was so nice. We will be back again
Great location! The hotel has an excellent staff and wonderful rooms! Our room was nice and clean and the staff went out of their way to make us feel welcome. Great breakfast and nice swimming area as well.
Above par when comparing with the other motels in this area. No breakfast which is normal in all the Motel 6's. Recommend to all my friends who visits Naperville Chicago area. 5 mins from the Naperville Train station which makes commuting to Chicago downtown easier. Multiple corporate offices are near by. Wendy's and McD are in walking distance and multiple... More
The hotel gave me a room according to my request/ preference. The room was on the higher floor and facing to the river. The check-in process was very quick and simple. The location was superb as it is situated right in the down town area...MoreThank you for giving us a perfect rating and for recommending our hotel to other travelers. I'm sure our entire hotel staff enjoyed catering to your needs as much as you enjoyed your stay. Take care!
As being a guest in Chicago, you can afford the luxury of spending a couple of hours on the architectural tour through downtown Chicago. The first building they tell you about is the River hotel. Situated opposite the Trump tower, you get a feeling of...MoreHello LowieSantiagoChile, Thank you for providing us with feedback on your stay. We are continually working to enhance the guest experience and will use your comments to do so. We hope to see you back next time you come to town.
I stayed here with a friend for two nights. The staff was very friendly and the place was clean and felt safe. It is located right between the magnificent mile and the millennium park, which had many attractions worth going for a tourist.
I booked through hotwire. The location was excellent, however the room I got was the smallest room available. It was no bigger than a cruise ship inside cabin. Housekeeping forgot to leave soap and towels one day. Overall its an ok hotel for the price.
My husband and I recently stayed one night at the River Hotel. The room was clean, but small. For an overnight stay it was perfect for our needs. Will definitely return for short stays in the city!!!!!
Stayed here with my wife 7/26 27 hotel is in a great spot in the city just off of the river and directly across from the Trump building. It is within walking distance of Navy Pier and surrounded by great restaurants. The restaurant within the hotel has a very extensive menu though we didn't eat there. But we did have a few drinks and the staff is very hospitable. If the weather had been cooler we would have sat outside.The hotel was very clean and our room was nice the only thing I didn't like was there was no counter in the bathroom but this could have been because our room seemed to be handicap accessible, perhaps that was error in the reservation not sure.Overall it was fun staff was nice, hotel was clean, and we had a good trip.Thank you, Tyler W, for choosing the River Hotel and posting your review. We agree with you -- our prime location in the heart of Chicago is ideal for visiting and experiencing the city. We will be sure our dedicated staff members see your comments about the clean room and fun staff as they will be most appreciative.Please come see us again!
The best hotel so far I have stayed. Staffs are very friendly especially the manager (Pedro) he was very sweat. I miss that hotel now...They were able to offer early check in which really helped us as we took early morning flight... Thank you.
Our recent stay at the River Hotel was excellent. We stayed in the two bedroom suite since we were a family of 4. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The location is great we could walk to almost anywhere!
We stayed at the River Hotel for 3 nights over New Years and very much enjoyed our stay. GREAT location for all of the New Years events put on by ChiTown Rising. The staff was wonderful and even got us a room with a better view at check-in. Pedro was great at the front desk!!! Rooms are smaller than what you would find in other hotels, but there is so much to do in Chicago we really only spent time in our room when we were sleeping. It is right on the BigBus tour line, so we found it really easy to get around town if we were headed somewhere further away than we wanted to walk.Thank you, Kelsey W, for choosing to stay at the River Hotel during your New Year celebration in Chicago. We agree with you - we have a prime location to enjoy all the attractions and festivities taking place in the city - year round!I am so pleased that Pedro and the hotel staff were able to be of service to you... I will make certain they see your kind words.Thanks again!
We stayed here March 8-10, 2013. Check-in was breeze. Very friendly staff. The room was better than I expected it to be. We were within walking distant to many stores, restaurants, Navy Pier, L stops and bus stops. The workout room was much smaller than the photo depicted but was well equipped for it's size. I would definitely recommend their valet parking. Very affordable with unlimited in and out privileges. Overall, I was very impressed and would definitely stay here again!
My daughter and I went to Chicago to check out potential college choices and stayed at this hotel. Checking in was fast, easy, and the staff was very professional. The front lobby is not quite as exquisite as The Four Seasons, so if that is...More
Great location, close to where I need to go. Friendly staff, clean room! Got free upgrade to a suite. It will be very convenient for a family travel. The two bathrooms and bedrooms are at the two ends of the suite. The sitting area and the kitchen are in the center of the suite. Hello huagiy,We are delighted to hear we were able to provide a complimentary upgrade to one of our suites and you were able to enjoy it! We strive for excellent service and cleanliness and it appears we hit the mark on your stay. Thanks for choosing to stay at Chicago River Hotel!
I absolutely LOVED by stay at the River Hotel. Just steps from the Chicago River, Michigan Avenue, and the train, everything that I needed was so close by! My room was clean and warm, the shower pressure was great, the view of the river was...More
What a mess. The elevator had no lights. Our key card for the elevator don't work. It stopped 2 floors before our floor. We kept gettin off and switching elevators until the key finally worked. Our room keys didn't work. We were on the 23rd...More
Room very very small, no view. Sink was clogged not enough towels when we arrived but was fixed right away when brought to your attention. A safe would have been nice. 655 for 2 days (includes valet parking) was pricey for what we are used to, otherwise we enjoyed our stay. Staff was excellent room nice clean. Great air conditioning.Thank you for staying at the River Hotel. We appreciate your candid feedback about your experience. I apologize for the issues you experienced initially, but am happy to know the team responded appropriately. Please know we have many room types and sizes available I hope you will book a larger room and try us again on your next trip.Thank you again!
We loved the location of this hotel, right by the river within easy walking distance of both the loop and magnificent mile. Staff were friendly helpful. The room was clean comfortable.
First the room was super tiny. Like so tiny you could sit on the toilet and reach out and touch the bed. We could hear rats running in the ceiling. There were several holes in the sheets. It is not worth the money and there are so many other great choices in Chicago. Hello kellydD9581QQ,Thank you for choosing to stay at Chicago River Hotel and providing feedback about your experience. Please know we do offer different room types of different sizes to suit the different needs of our travelers. Our smallest room type is small but should have all essentials someone should need for their stay. In regards to your comment about rats, this is not true. We do not have rats in the ceiling nor anywhere else in the building and take this very seriously. If you would like to discuss this matter in more detail I can be reached at rgradyclubquarters.com or 312-777-0978.Ryan GradySenior Guest Services Manager
Because it was our first trip to Chicago, we worried about choosing a hotel by the web. Ended up at the River Hotel and were happily and totally satisfied. Our 2 BR, 2 BA suite worked very well for the family. Dcor was up-to-date, beds comfortable, and kitchen adequate. Baths were very nice. Good exercise facility and handy laundry. Staff extremely helpful. Location was great - on the Chicago River, near restaurants, theater district, and subway stops. Architecture boat tour leaves a block away. Very good value.
Stayed here 10/22-10/27/2017. I live in Chicago's north suburbs and had to be downtown early for long days working. Stayed here to avoid the commute. Worked out really well. The rooms are small but excellent for a solo business person. The location is excellent for business in the Loop. Price is excellent too.Hello Jim N,Thank you for staying with us at Chicago River Hotel during your recent visit from the suburbs. We are glad to hear our location and the price point made your long work week easier than having to commute so far each day. Hopefully we will get the opportunity to serve you again in the future!
This is the second time at this hotel. Tim was amazing, knowledgeable and kind. Great employees and environment. The soup at their restaurant was excellent. Thank you for making Chicago fun! Heather Acord
We booked a 2 night stay at the River Hotel for a quick weekend trip. It was our first trip to Chicago. We learned about the hotel through TripAdvisor and read the reviews by others before we decided. It was a true gem! Upon check-in,...More
Fantastic everything. Flexible staff, internet, creature comforts. Filtered water outlets on every floor. Wonderful bed. Beautiful building. Prime Chicago location. Best week in our 10 week journey around America.Thank you for choosing the River Hotel. We are so pleased you found us to be fantastic and honored to have been a part of your best week in America!
We loved the location of this hotel in the center of everything in Chicago. The room was on the small side but very comfortable and pleasant. Our view of the Chicago River was spectacular. I would definitely stay there again.
Great location. From the staff. They need to remodel the elevator and some parts of the hotel. Siri did not work for two days in a row. I told the lady at the front desk and she offered no compensation,
We had a great experience at River Hotel. Due to airline issues, we arrived at 1:00 am, and they held our room for us and even gave us a river view at our request upon arrival. They gave us restaurant recommendations and helped out with getting around. We never felt like our questions were bothering them or they were too busy for us. They even helped us print our return flight tickets before leaving.We did not feel that the room was small at all, like we saw some others say. It was the same size as other hotel rooms we've been in. We loved the charm of the building, rather than being in a newly built hotel. We liked the accommodations in general. My only negative was our water pressure in the shower. It was practically nonexistent...I felt like Kramer on Seinfeld...took forever to do my hair afterwards.The location is AMAZING. Right in the middle of things and along the river. The L-train stop is nearby with several lines that meet there. It is right across from Trump Tower (take that as you may, I suppose). Like others have said, you can walk to so much. Overall, amazing experience. We will go back.
We stayed at the Club Quarters on Wacker the first weekend in April. We were in tower room 3302. Wasn't sure what to expect, but the service was great from the start. The front desk offered to make any dinner reservations we needed. We took...More
The hotel is located very close to Michigan Ave. and has great access to the Mag mile and the loop. Service is excellent and friendly from the staff we came across. The hotel is very focused on self service from the check in, retrieving additional...MoreThank you for choosing River Hotel and for posting your comments for the TripAdvisor community. I am delighted you found our service to your liking and the staff friendly. We have some great updates planned for 2016 and hope we can welcome you back. Happy...More
We chose this hotel because it is within walking distance to all the sites we intended to visit. What a nice surprise. This hotel harkens back to the day when the customer really is important. From check in to check out, the staff were friendly,...More
Stayed at the River Hotel Thursday night for a quick two trip to enjoy some Chicago fun with the wife. This is a great little boutique hotel on the Chicago River, just a block off Michigan Ave. Clean, modern decor room - all interior was...More
On a vacation to Chicago IL we made reservations at the River Hotel. From the excellent care from Roman King upon our arrival to the very efficient, clean and comfortable room our stay at the River Hotel was wonderful. The River Hotel goes above and beyond the traveler's expectations with very helpful extras. The complimentary chilled purified water in refillable bottles and complimentary laundry facilities were wonderful. Roman King greeted us warmly, facilitated a very speedy and smooth check in and gave us excellent restaurant recommendations for our dinner meals. The location near the Trump building is perfect for easy access to transportation and walking to key Chicago sites. We are now big fans of the River Hotel! Thanks for a very enjoyable stay. The Smith Family
My wife and I were excited to get a weekend away without our kids. The plate was set: Grandma/Grandpa had the kids, our flight was actually on time, easy transit to the hotel from Midway and then we open the door to our room...... It...More
We wanted a classical hotel in the Chicago Loop. The River Hotel was perfect. We had great views of the Chicago River from the 20th floor. We even watched the bridges open on Wednesday morning to let boats through (you can check the schedule online)....MoreHello Jerry C, We are delighted you enjoyed your stay. Watching the bridges open on the Chicago River never gets old! We pride ourselves on cleanliness and am happy to hear the room met your expectations. We look forward to seeing you on your next...More
For the money, this is a great hotel. It's not for you if you want a spacious room, but it is if location and price is important. It is close to Michigan Ave, the L, State St. shopping and River North. The room was very...More
Hotel was fine and front desk staff were pleasant. Room was clean and had a good view over the river facing Trump Tower. Location was ideal. Only downsides were draft from window, there was no refrigerator and breakfast was not included. Skipping on breakfasts, however,...More
We just wanted to experience a quick get-a-away from Detroit....so my husband and I traveled with another couple to Chi-Town all the while, asking our brother and sister-n-law from South Bend to meet us there as well. We absolutely had a BALL....the Club Quarters and...More
Perfect location, excellent nicely-furnished contemporary room and fabulous food to make our stay in the Windy City a memorable experience. Love the filtered water available to refill your own bottles.
Got a nice room after a mixup at the reception/maintenance. (Spent one night in a very small room, business traveler, 6 nights.) So, after one night I got a room I payed for. After this trouble, I felt, that this hotel is very nice, well...More
1. Took the CTA from the airport and the hotel is walking distance from the blue line station 2. Right on the river and opens up to stunning views of downtown 3. Walking distance to all eating places 4. Really good food in their own...More
Ignore any reviewers who hate the small rooms! Ask for a room on a higher floor and you might be rewarded with an amazing morning view of the sun hitting the gold of the Carbide and Carbon building in the loop. Wow!! My single small...More
Room was well worth the money. Valet was very accommodating and pleasant. Perfect location right off corner of Wacker Michigan Ave along river. GoChicago cards and info right across street. River taxis go between Michigan Ave and Navy Pier. House of Blues right across river. Room was small but very clean. Nothing fancy, but still nice.
My husband and I recently stayed at the River Hotel while on a long weekend getaway to Chicago. It is in the absolute heart of downtown, and VERY conveniently within walking distance of just about everything touristy (Magnificent Mile, the bean at Millenium Park, we even walked all the way to the Shedd Aquarium). We got a really good rate for the room. It was small, however was still cozy. We had a river view and a fabulous view of the word TRUMP (..tower across the street). The only reason I would rate this 4 and not 5 stars is the bed... was... not at all comfortable, and I hate to say that. Both my husband and I were not well rested the entire weekend. None the less, it was perfect for what we needed and we had a great time! Staff was super friendly as well.Dear Hillary W,Thank you for choosing to stay at the River Hotel. We truly appreciate you taking the time for your review as all feedback is welcomed. I am so pleased you found the staff friendly and were able to enjoy our prime location in the heart of the city. Thanks again!
We had booked a standard room at Club Quarters Wacker which we found is located in the River Hotel. We were offered an upgrade to a Junior Suite for just 20 per night so checked out both rooms. The standard, although nicely appointed, was so...More
We stayed here one night and normally wouldn't be able to afford a hotel on the Magnificent Mile. The room was small but very clean and modern. The bed was very comfortable and we had a quiet night's sleep.Didn't check out the hotel's restaurant but there were plenty within walking distance as well as bars and clubs, and close cafes in the morning. Overall, great value
This is a lovely hotel next to the Chicago River and two blocks from Michigan Ave. The staff were incredibly helpful. The room was not large but was very comfortable. We stayed in the Clubquarters section of the hotel. Snacks are provided during the day and each floor has a water station with chilled filtered water.
Location is perfect, you can walk to the millennium park, stores, restaurants, theaters, subway. Room was beautiful and they have great staff. We Checked out to go for a walk and they kept our luggage at the lobby because our flight was late at night.Hello Whenwetravelto,Thank you for choosing to stay at Chicago River Hotel during your recent trip. We are glad to hear you found the location to be perfect for your trip. We are lucky to be located right in the middle of everything! We are also delighted to hear you found the staff to be great as we pride ourselves on our service. We look forward to serving you again in the future.
Nice clean hotel. Decent room size. Very good location near the magnificent mile and the lake. But the staff makes it stand out. Very very good, friendly, helpful. Shanti was amazing, she helped be negotiate uber to get back to the airport! .Pedro on reception too, above and beyond!Thank you, nicolani74, for taking the time to post a review for the TripAdvisor community. I love being able to pass along great comments to our staff members. The entire team will be so pleased they were able to exceed expectations. I will be sure to pass along your kind words and my thanks as well.We look forward to welcoming you back on your next visit!
This was a pretty decent hotel for business travel. The room and bed was comfortable. The rooms are definitely small, but I didn't really spend much time in my room anyway. I didn't love that you have to go to a utility closet outside of your room to grab a ironing board and iron, but not a big deal -- kind of unique and boutiquey, I guess. This is definitely a unique hotel and modern hotel.The water pressure in the shower was really bad though, unfortunately. It took absolutely forever to rinse since there was nearly no water coming out -- not to mention the cold and uncomfortable feeling of being wet and cold without enough warm water rushing out. Why do so many hotels have water pressure issues This always drives me nuts -- it is so hit and miss too. One hotel will have great pressure in the city, and the next horrible.. I wish more reviewers spoke to water pressure haha. Or is that just me who cares about thatThe location is excellent -- right on the river and close by everything you need. The staff is also very friendly and helpful.I unfortunately got a room with no view so I cannot comment on the view, but I am sure the view would have been incredible from that location, if you had a river view. My window was quite small though, so not sure how they are on the other side of the building. Overall, if you're staying in Chicago, you will likely enjoy your stay at this hotel. It's basic and does the job. Very clean, modern and standard. One of the biggest things that determines my feelings on a hotel is the bathroom / shower experience.. its like make and break for me haha! So, unless they fix the water pressure issues, I likely won't be staying here again.Hello cformosa4,We truly appreciate your visit and thoughtful review. We are sorry to hear about the water pressure and will certainly have the room inspected and improved straight away. We are well known for our location, service and ease of use for the business traveler... so glad your found this as well.I sincerely hope you will give us another try on your next visit!
This was a pretty decent hotel for business travel. The room and bed was comfortable. The rooms are definitely small, but I didn't really spend much time in my room anyway. I didn't love that you have to go to a utility closet outside of...MoreHello cformosa4, We truly appreciate your visit and thoughtful review. We are sorry to hear about the water pressure and will certainly have the room inspected and improved straight away. We are well known for our location, service and ease of use for the business...More
I have stayed at many hotels in Chicago - almost never do I stay at the same place twice. That changed with the River Hotel. On top of the ideal location, the staff is helpful and friendly. The rooms are nicely decorated, clean, and well...More
We had a good experience here. It is a bit pricey for the amenities and the size of the room, but fit our needs. The rooms are a lot smaller than most hotels. This was fine as we used the room as a home base and not a hang out place. The bed seemed somewhere between a queen and a full size. We did find a long hair on the mattress pad (I check for bed bugs, and you should too! I didn't find any or experience any here or ever, but I am really scared of them). There is no tub, just a shower stall. Small bathroom. But again, fit our needs. As other reviews have said, the sheets are very scratchy. This was my only complaint. The location is great, right in the middle of downtown, convenient to everything. It was just about 3 blocks from our El stop. The restaurant downstairs was pretty good, and very convenient for breakfast. We found the staff polite and helpful, though our interactions with them were limited. The fitness room was sufficient, the machines were fairly new. It was not fancy, but the equipment was good quality. It is a small space. The filtered water and bottles on each floor was a nice touch. We would go back.
My three night stay was absolutely perfect. The check in process was so easy it seriously took 3 min . The girl that helped me checking in was so friendly and welcoming . I had a long flight and horrible cab ride and this young woman was so refreshing. My room was clean , modern and quiet. The room had a keurig coffee machine which was nice . They have free cold filtered water and bottles on ever floor. My room view was outstanding. Convenient location to all the downtown tourist spots. I will absolutely stay here again because the hotel was nice but Honestly the staff was incredible . Hello katfrog45,We are delighted to hear you enjoyed your stay with us and found the staff to be friendly and welcoming. We are very lucky to be in a great location as you pointed out but we really pride ourselves on our service. Thanks for taking the time to write a review about your experience and we look forward to seeing you next time in town!
When I first arrived at the River Hotel, I was exhausted from my early flight from New York City. Not anticipating that a room would be available, I was pleasantly surprised to discover that they already had one ready for me! I briefly went to...MoreHello Samuel T, We are delighted you enjoyed your experience and will be staying with us next time in town! We pride ourselves on service and I am very happy the staff was able to find a room that fit your expectations. I'm sorry we...More
This hotel could not be better situated , right on the river a block from Michigan Ave.As a result it is within walking distance of most of what anyone would want to see in Chicago.The rooms are a good size , well appointed and clean.A pity the area adjacent to the elevator on the 14th floor wasn't vacuumed for the 4 days we were there..
I had a week-end in this delightful hotel. The staff were welcoming, cheerful, helpful and polite. The two rooms we had were spotless and the beds comfortable and clean. The rooms are not big but perfectly adequate. There is a restaurant right inside the hotel and the food was excellent. I would definitely go back if I am ever in Chicago again, as will my son when he takes his wife. Hello totallynoname,Thank you for choosing Chicago River Hotel and for sharing your feedback with the TripAdvisor community. We are delighted to hear you found the staff to be welcoming and helpful and your rooms to be clean. We pride ourselves on both of these and love to hear when it shows to our guests. We look forward to seeing you and your son again next time either of you are in town.
Very nice hotel.. excellent staff. Room was very clean and nicely appointed. The shower was a little cramped and odd shaped. But it was really nice overall...including evening wine. Will come back in the future.Thank you for choosing the River Hotel. I am happy to know you were well looked after by our service team. I will be sure they see your kind words. We look forward to welcoming you back on your next visit!
We stayed at Club Quarters this weekend. It was the SMALLEST room we've ever stayed in. It was fine for one person and even though the room was well appointed, it really didn't fit our needs. Plus we were in the Tower. Very scary looking...More
The River Hotel is a very special place perfectly located in a beautiful old building, right downtown and with a spectacular view of the river and its bustle from our window. The place is really warm and comfortable.We would stay there again in a heartbeat.
Our stay was made very memorable by the incredible view of the Chicago River this hotel provided as well as a very pleasant stay in the hotel itself. We stayed on the 16th floor with an amazing view of the river. We chose a small room, but it was still well designed and comfortable. Great artwork! We appreciated the free wi-fi and coffee in our room as well. Our room was clean and quiet at night. Jay was very friendly and helpful at check in. Everyone we met who worked at this hotel was very nice. Best of all, is the hotel location! The River Walk is right outside the hotel. It is a great place to run or walk if you want, or to just sit and watch all the boats going by. We walked everywhere from this hotel. Great nightlife, museums, Eataly and Millennium Park are all close by. The restaurant Bella Bacino, located in the hotel lobby, had an amazing kale salad and a lighter Italian pizza that was also very good. There's also an outside patio, too. Also, the Corner Bakery Cafe is just down the street. We definitely will be coming back! This is our new favorite location in Chicago.Thank you, travelbuff101, for your thoughtful review of the River Hotel. I am so glad you were able to enjoy the iconic views as well as our prime location in the heart of Chicago. I am especially pleased to hear your comments about the friendly and helpful service provided by Jay and the hotel staff. I will be sure they see your kind words. We are so glad to be your new favorite location in Chicago and look forward to seeing you in the future.
No frills hotel but clean and safe. Our room was on the 8th floor with a bit of a river view And small but we spent so little time in the room that it didn't matter. Staff was friendly and helpful.
I stayed there last night after bicycling the tunnel hill trail from Karmak. Super clean rooms, very affordable and within walking distance of two good eating and drinking establishments. A great find after a long hot bicycle ride. The lady at the front desk was very nice although she wasn't excited about me keeping my bike in the room. They... More
Every part of the experience was 5-star. Yet the price was barely more than the older hotels in town. Very quiet rooms despite being next to the highway. Restaurants nearby, but not really walkable due to the highway. Nice pool.
As usual, this IHG establishment is always a pleasure to stay at. I have stayed at this location about 8 times and have always been pleased. Always clean, friendly and professional. If you're looking for a nice place to stay in Lansing, this is it.
A friend and I enjoyed our two night stay at this HIE. Everything was very clean and shiny, and the beds were extra comfy. Since it was August, we were invited to have pancakes in the lobby during the evening, which fit very well in our schedule. Everyone was very friendly and helpful, especially the desk people and breakfast buffet... More
The lobby and staff were very nice, but once you leave downstairs it is run down, has an old dcor, and smells far from pleasing. The rooms are tiny, and we asked to be switched to another room because the air conditioning unit was so loud. The 2nd room was equally as bad. I work in the hospitality industry and would never recommend this hotel to anyone.Hi Zanzibella - Thank you for your review following your recent stay with us. While our rooms are cozy in nature, as Chicago's first Silver LEED certified hotel we're proud of our eco-friendly efforts. We appreciate your candid feedback about some items not being to standards in the room, such as the air conditioning. We will certainly ensure these types for things are checked daily so as not to occur again. We hope to welcome you back in the future.
This hotel is decent, but not perfect if you are on the picky side. Pretty design sinks that are a hassle to use, not enough hanging spaces for towels, broken elevators, etc.... The staff is great, helpful and super friendly. Overall, a satisfying hotel.Hi nelliebenoit - Thank you for your review following your recent stay with us. We are happy to learn that you enjoyed your stay, and that our helpful staff was able to assist you. The depth of the sink is designed to conserve water in keeping with our eco-friendly policies. We appreciate your candid feedback about some items not being to standards, such as the elevators. Thank you again for visiting us and we hope to see you soon.
Decent hotel won on price line, rooms are extremely small. Staff was good. Location was OK at best.. Would rather pay more to be closer to the action and bigger rooms. Probably would pass on price line as well.Hi winks1996 - Thank you for choosing Hotel Felix for your recent visit to Chicago. While our rooms are cozy in nature, as Chicago's first Silver LEED certified hotel we're proud of our eco-friendly efforts. Thank you for posting your review and we hope to see you again soon.
I stayed two nights at Hotel Felix - the room was a bit small but the bed was large and comfortable. The lighting in my room was at the end of the bed, so the far end of the room was a little dim, I had to turn the desk lamp on to see my suitcase. Also, some of the spotlights in the ceiling above the bed were not aligned with their hole (they had come loose and left a gap) which didn't help the lighting situation. The rest of the room was ok for a short stay but any longer and it could be a little uncomfortable. The staff were friendly and helpful and it's ideally located. You're only a few minutes walk from the L train stations. The bar and restaurant options in the hotel are quite limited - you have to go next door to the local bar for a drink and the lobby doubles as a sushi bar. I'd recommend if you're in town for a short stay or business but not for a longer visit.Hi Knoggers - Thank you for your review following your recent stay with us. We are happy to hear that you enjoyed our urban location, and that our friendly staff was able to assist you. We appreciate your feedback and we hope to see you again soon. Safe travels.
Hotel Felix is in the heart of the Chicago action, minutes away from the Miracle Mile, great restaurants and the lake front. Found an amazing deal on line which made this affordable. Room was very small but clean and nice. Hotel staff courteous and friendly.Hi Mark C - Thank you for posting your review. We are glad you had a great stay with us and that the location was enjoyable for you. We appreciate your kind remarks about our staff. Thank you again and we hope to see you soon!
As Stash members we received a quiet room as requested on an upper floor away from the elevators. There was a musty odor to our tiny room that was otherwise clean and bright white when we entered. Toiletries are by L'Octane. Electrical outlets are adequate. Coffee and tea are served in the lobby in the morning. I was a little put off when a transient person walked in, used the lobby restroom, came out and made inquiries about jobs then proceeded to hang out talking loudly on a personal phone call. The staff seemed uncomfortable dealing with the situation.Hi VaporK8 - Thank you very much for posting your review. We appreciate your feedback, and we have shared your comments with our team. Thank you again for visiting us and we hope to see you soon.
I stayed at the Hotel Felix for a week and had no complaints. Although not a chain hotel, they still offered complimentary tea and coffee in the mornings. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful. It was an overall pleasant stay and there is no reason that I wouldn't return.Hi madeinukeng - Thank you for your review following your recent stay with us. We are happy to hear that you enjoyed our complimentary, fair-trade coffee and tea in the lobby every morning, and that our friendly staff was able to assist you. Thank you again for visiting us and we hope to see you soon.
Stayed back at the felix from 2nd-7th march 2011, thank you so much to Kristina Zakaryan for sorting out my reservation. the staff are so helpful, the doormen even more so. julian was cool, + the other guy (he had an english mum) was so helpful.Once again, my king room was huge, i was given a room that was adjusted for wheelchair users so i guess i had extra space. Great TV, great bed, beautiful lobby, a really nice place to chill in the morning with a free coffee.WIFI is free and very fast, clean, crisp, modern hotel, what more could you ask for...except maybe having a tea/coffee maker in the roomthanks Felix, we'll meet again, dont know where, dont know when......
Just got back from a two night stay at Hotel Felix and have no complaints. Check in went smooth and every employee we encountered were very friendly and helpful.Yes, the rooms are very small, but they were extremely clean and the bed was very comfortable. We weren't there to spend alot of time in the room. I will say that the sink was the most shallow that I have ever used, but like some people said, the place is very hip.You can spend an extra 100 a night to get a bigger room and fancier hotel, but it was just fine for us and would definitely consider staying there again.
A lot of the posted reviews are negative because of the smallness of the rooms. Ok people, the whole concept about boutique hotels are that they are small, unique with their usage of limited space and fairly reasonable because of it. If your principle concerns to have a large spacious luxury suite, than the Hilton millennium is down Michigan ave and will cost you at least 4 times the price. Then you can complain about the high cost of staying in Chicago. The Felix is located just 4 short blocks west of the Magnificent Mile and about a 15 minute stroll to the Navy Pier. The staff is very friendly and helpful. We arrived at just about noon and our room was ready. It was clean and fresh and the bed was very comfortable. There are numerous restaurants all around the facility and the area feels very safe. There is complimentary coffee and tea every morning and their is a small bar with limited times and services available.Overall we found our stay very comfortable and made our weekend in the Windy City a very enjoyable one.Hi Bolte59 - Thank you very much for posting your review. We are glad to hear that you enjoyed our urban location central to dining, shopping and more and that our helpful staff was able to assist you. Thank you again for your kind remarks feedback. We hope to see you again when you return to Chicago. Safe travels.
Overall, I enjoyed my two night stay at the Homewood Suites by Hilton in Downtown Chicago, but have a few concerns. I was in town with a bus load of University of Louisville fans to support our basketball team during the game with DePaul University. There were not enough suites available with two double beds at the hotel to accommodate our group. So, I had to share a king-sized bed with my roommate. We were really disappointed that we couldn't have our own bed. So, we each rotated sleepng in the bed one night and then sleeping on the sofa bed in the living room. However, the sofa bed was absoultely horrible!!! The mattress was very thin and the inner springs poked through the surface of the mattress. This made sleeping very uncomfortable. Also, the top portion of the mattress where your head goes was higher than the rest of the mattress. I felt like I was sleeping on a slant. The mattress was so uncomfortable until I closed the sofa bed and replaced the cushions. Then I tried putting the cover on top and sleepng on top of the sofa, However, I am 5'11 tall and the sofa was more like a loveseat size. So, I could not stretch out completely. I got very little sleep and awoke stiff and sore. My back and neck hurt. It was also awkward having to go through the bedroom to use the toilet and shower in the bathroom or to get clothes from the closet without disturbing my roommate while she slept in the bed. The layout of the suite was not well-thoughout as far as utilization of the bathroom and closet.On the plus side of the suite, the kitchen was wonderful! We liked having a fully equipped kitchen with appliances and dishes. We also enjoyed the breakfast! Shirley Fuqua-Jackson, Room 1203Shirley, I am sorry that you did not enjoy your stay at the hotel. I wanted to address your concern about not receiving a room with two double beds. When looking back at the original rooming list that we have from your group leader we do not have you and your roommate in a room with two double beds. The room type that your group leader had assigned to your room was a King Suite with the sleeper sofa. The hotel des have a very limited number of double/double rooms on property so we were unable to change room types if we do not have the availability. I do want to express regret over this misunderstanding. I do apologize for the uncomfortable evening that you spent on our sleeper sofa. We are in the process of replacing all of our bed inserts and we do hope that nobody will be as inconvenienced as you in the future. We do have a limited number of complimentary roll-away beds available if you find the sleeper sofa too uncomfortable in the future. We are pleased that you enjoyed the breakfast and the full stocked kitchen. We do hope to see you again. Sincerely, Vanessa KosloskiSales and Marketing Manager
Decided to go with this hotel after seeing it was the best rated for families on TripAdvisor. I would agree wholeheartedly. Location is excellent. Included breakfast is excellent. The rooms are excellent - having the suite allows you to close the door and let the kids go to bed without having to sit in the dark. Full fridge, microwave dishwasher, sink, table so you can easily keep milk/food for the week or just get takeout and eat in the room when you can't face another night of waiting for a table with hungry kids.The valet/concierge staff was the best I've ever experienced. They were all extremely nice and helpful, it was the same crew every day so we felt comfortable with them and most importantly, they very friendly to kids. Especially a man named Adbul - he remembered our kids (4 and 6) every time we came in or out and joked around with them, which made them feel very special.Room was clean and well maintained. To be honest and objective, the first day we were there there was a hair on one of the towels which freaked my wife out, but I didn't think it was a huge deal and it didn't happen again. We had to call for extra towels every night instead of them just leaving them for us when they cleaned the room, but they always brought them up right away. But these are minor points - overall excellent.The pool is on the 19th floor with big windows with city view. The kids were excited but with the sunshine it felt like a sauna so we didn't spend time there. But it was as nice as any hotel pool I've seen.Read the comments about the fact that they only have 2 elevators which caused some people delays, but I have to say we didn't experience that at all - the elevators always came right away even during peak times.Shuttle to Navy Pier drops you off right in front of the hotel. We walked into Phil Stefani's Italian restaurant around the corner and while it was a higher end restaurant, they welcomed us with our kids in our shorts and we had a great meal.The hotel is right across from a hotel with great shopping. Highly recommend the Lego Store. We went to the Legoland play center in Schaumburg the next day (highly recommend) and you can buy tickets at the store in the mall for a great discount. Saved us 28. Easy walk to Michigan Ave. My wife and daughter did the whole American Girl thing and had a great time.Overall a really excellent hotel that we will definitely stay at again.
The chicago Marriott across Ashland ave.t at Med District/UIC is a gem. Almost has the feel of a boutique hotel. Stylish and roomy, the excellent staff makes you feel right at home. Located in the near West, the hotel has a great location to take advantage of everything the downtown area has to offer. Best part, it is very reasonable for the quality making it worth it to cab or Uber to wherever you want to go. Take advantage of the 13.50 overnight parking in the Rush hospital location just across Ashland Ave and an easy walk.
This hotel is located away from downtown, but can reached with a short taxi ride or the transit system. The rooms were nice and pleasant and very clean! The moment I arrived the staff was very courteous and kind and exceeded all my expectations. I arrived early and my bags were stored in a secure location by the staff so I could explore the city. Staff was very knowledgable about the city and area. The hotel runs a shuttle that runs within a mile of the hotel. The driver of the shuttle was prompt when called for pickups to and from hotel. I requested a late checkout and it was accommodated immediately. I had problems printing my boarding ticket prior to leaving the hotel and the front desk allowed me to e-mail my ticket to them and they printed it for me. I would stay at this hotel again and highly recommend it to anyone who doesn't mind not being in the heart of downtown and the tourist areas.If you are a light sleeper, request a room away from the street. The hotel is located near a hospital and ambulances go by throughout the night.
This Marriott is right across the street from Rush Medical Center, which is where I had scheduled knee replacement surgery. Many out of towners like myself, who are having surgery stay here, including the rich and famous. I had expected convenience but there was so much more. First, the food is remarkably good and the service was good as well. But what sets this place apart is the staff they are incredibly helpful to and supportive of the patients are are there for anything you need. So if you are coming to Chicago for surgery or other medical care, stay here!Thank you so much for your feedback! We are glad you enjoyed your stay and the food in our dining outlet. Our staff looks forward to accommodating you in the future.
What an amazing staff and property. We had to make a last minute emergency medical trip to Chicago. Arrived early morning and went directly to the hospital. Nighttime came and we had no idea where to stay. Hospital staff said there was a Marriott directly across the street. We made an online reservation and showed up around midnight. The desk staff was terrific, the room was outstanding and they couldnt do enough for us to get settled in. Stayed for nearly a week. The concierge lounge is great. And The gentleman that staffs the lounge in the morning is one terrific guy. His name is Ray. Ray made each morning visit wonderful. He was so accommodating and helpful. This man should be recognized as employee of the Marriott Corporation!Every employee was just great. And the on-site restaurant staff wonderful as well. And every front desk shift true hospitality professionals. While we did have a AAA discount they applied the Rush Medical rate. It really helped us out. A great property. Nice big and clean rooms. If you need to be at any of the nearby hospitals this is the place!Thanks guys!!!! Thank you so much for such wonderful feedback! We are glad you enjoyed your stay and we have shared your feedback with the staff. We hope to accommodate you in the future
This Marriott offers quite large rooms, good breakfast (which you can have in the garden) and helpful staff. The location is strange though - it is literally a medical district, so you are surrounded by hospitals, clinics, medical offices, but not much more. This can come handy if you suffer from sudden illnesses, otherwise it can be cumbersome. It' s a long trip to the nearest convenience store. I did not rent a car for my stay in Chicago - and a taxi to the Magnificent Mile will cost you approx. 16.
First impressions last forever. This was my first time staying at a Marriott hotel. I booked our room months in advance of our arrival date. Arrived at 4:10 p.m. and room was not ready. Took 3 people to confirm the room was NOT ready. Spent 12 mins waiting to get a room. No upgrade was offered or same style room we originally booked was offered. Was given a standard room with a 30.00 discount. The room was OK, however the beds were very small for double occupancy and way too high off the floor! No complementary Internet or coffee was offered. No free breakfast either. Do yourself a favor and book at a Hilton/Hampton hotel. You will get more amenities for a lot less . I could have stayed 2 nights at a Hilton/Hampton for what I paid 1 night for at Marriott.Lilac,Creating a Brilliant Experience is our top priority and we apologize for missing that mark during your stay. I understand how important is to receive the room type requested and have a room ready at the scheduled check in time. We have addressed this issue with our employees to ensure that this situation will be avoided in the future. Thank for taking the time to give your feedback and we will continue to improve our overall hotel operation.
Nice hotel, clean, great staff.Very friendly and knowledgeable about surrounding area.I cam for a work conf at the McCormick downtown. The show provided a shuttle from the hotel entrance right to McCormick place, so that is a big bonus, as I DO NOT like to drive around Chicago anywhere NEAR morning or afternoon rush. The valets were very nice and quick with your car, but 45 per night for parking seems way overpriced. This alone would cause me to look elsewhere, if I were personally paying for a stay. The Taylor street restaurants were many and varied, Within walking distance (few blocks) had a few decent meals there, but nothing to rave about. This area is a little too close to (actually considered) the west side for my taste. While jogging a few miles, it it easy to see the areas that you should not venture into, simply turn around and head back towards the university. Did not eat at in-house restaurant, prices are about what you would expect from a hotel bar / restaurant i.e. overpriced, but convenient.
This place is a Marriott but I've stayed at Courtyards that were nicer than this dump. This place should be re-branded to a lower quality Marriott Property. When I see that a property is a Marriott (and not a Residence Inn, Fairfield, Courtyard, etc) I believe it is a NICE place with HIGH QUALITY standards. This property was not that.Room was okay. Nothing special. The room was overpriced by about double for the property.Breakfast was fine, the buffet is priced similarly to other Marriotts. Coffee was average.Location is near Little Italy and the Medical school. Not an awesome part of town and the property matches the neighborhood (not awesome). It's not the ghetto but there are definitely nicer looking areas in Chicago.I will not stay here next time I'm in Chicago. It may be the closest Marriott property to my client but there's plenty of public transportation in downtown Chicago, you can stay other nicer places that aren't over-priced (I recommend Blackstone Renaissance!)
Stayed here on business with the University of Illinois Medical Center. The negative of a hotel in the Medical District is the sirens. Lots of ambulances coming to the Medical Centers. That and the charge for internet access were the only negatives I experienced here, and I will admit that paying for internet access is a pet peeve of mine. The ambulances they have no control over. The hotel has a modern contemporary appearance. The lobby was bright and inviting with a sitting area offering complementary Wall Street Journal and USA Today. Every staff member I encountered was cheerful and helpful. The room was clean and comfortable, with complementary coffee/tea, a refrigerator, and a great work area. I was not able to see any restaurants within walking distance so I opted for the hotel restaurant/bar. The food was excellent as was the service and all reasonably priced for Chicago. They do have a shuttle service available however, I did not use it and unable to comment. Coming back in two-weeks and will be staying here again, even though I have to pay for internet access. :-)QuitemanTravels,Thank you very much for taking the time to review your stay with us, and I am so happy to hear how satisfied you were with your experience. I appreciate your kind words concerning our staff and facilities, and will make sure to share them with our Team.As you mentioned, we do offer special rates for those visiting the Illinois Medical District as well as the University of Illinois at Chicago.We also have several package rates that include wifi and parking, as a way to lower the costs of these amenities. Our wifi price does also include all local and long-distance calls made from the room.As well as our wonderful restaurant that you had a chance to experience, we are walking distance from Little Italy, and a complimentary shuttle-ride from Greektown.Thank you again for taking the time to write about your stay, and please feel welcome to contact me if you are in Chicago again soon.In the Spirit to Serve,Adam NemirowHotel Manager
The shuttle service is a good reason to stay here. But Big Karris is THE reason to use the shuttle. He grew up here and is the nicest shuttle driver in the world in the world! The hotel is very nice and everybody tried to make sure everything was perfect. Breakfast was fine. Would stay here again for either something at the United Center or Rush.
We stayed at this hotel after a rock concert. I have to admit, I was not feeling very safe walking back to the hotel. The shuttle said they would pick us up, but after waiting 30 minutes, we decided to walk back. I was nervous.... The room was large and clean. The staff were friendly and helpful. I would stay here again, but I wouldn't be out walking around there after dark.Cgreno,Thank you for taking the time to complete feedback in regards to your experience from your recent stay at our hotel Please accept our sincere apologies for the inconvenience you may have experienced with the hotel's complimentary shuttle. We take great pride in ensuring our guests satisfaction. Unfortunately, we did not meet youror our ownexpectations. Our goal is to address your concerns so that we can ensure you have an exceptional experience on your next visit.Youre a valued customer everything we do is aimed at providing you with an excellent hotel experience. We would like to regain your trust and hope to serve you again in the future.Thanks again for staying with us,Front Office Manager
My husband and I along with our two children, 5 and 2, stayed here for a short weekend get away. It's very easy to get here by any mode of transportation. 10ish for a taxi from downtown, three blocks from pink line and four block to the bus that will take you to the museums. The neighborhood is quiet with great food just a couple blocks away. The front desk staff was great with directions and the shuttle driver will take you anywhere within about a mile of the hotel. They are all very accommodating and helpful! While there is no pool or great views this hotel is incredibly comfortable, clean and easy to get to. Our family will probably stay here again!travelindreams,Thank you very much for staying with us this month we are very appreciative of your business. It is always nice to hear when our Guests enjoy the accommodations and service that we provide them, and I will be sure to share your kind words with our entire staff. We look forward to welcoming you and your family again in the near future, and until then we wish you all the best.Adam NemirowHotel Manager
I chose to stay here because I had a great flash offer for 3 nights- this was my first trip to Chicago. The hotel is welcoming and comfortable but I hate the fact that if you are not a member of their rewards program you have to pay extra for wifi. In room service- food was deliciious and promptly brought. Fitness centre is small but Ok- fresh fruit available here. Front office staff variable- many were new and knew nothing much- best knowledge came from bus drivers- they were great. Hotel has a shuttle bus that will drop or pick up anywhere within a mile- however Polk on Pink train line is only 5 mins walk from the hotel. Nice to be away from downtown bustle but easily accessible. Hotel is near Little Italy area and bus can also drop you in Greektown for easy dining options. Parking across the road for 13 a night.
Hotel staff was friendly upon checking in, Hotel provided short radius shuttle for shopping trips.. Hotel lacked indoor or outdoor pool, the rooms did not carry microwaves. Maid service was overly noisy during the weekend. Surrounding area was nice quiet and close to Little Italy. The attached restaurant Rooks corner I felt was overpriced but the food and the service for good.
This hotel does no disappoint! From the Front Desk, to Housekeeping, the Shuttle Driver to the Restaurant and Room, they exceed expectations. Not only was the room spotless, housekeeping met me in the hallway upon arrival to ask if they could do anything else! The Bartender is AWESOME - Jim creates his own mixes from scratch and crafts each cocktail individually, no fake stuff here, all done with a great sense of humor and a bit of showmanship! The location is perfect, next to Little Italy and the restaurant/bar seating is indoor/outdoor almost park like with cushy couches and chairs. When in this city I am use to overpriced everything. This hotel is the opposite, from the cocktails to the food, it's quite reasonable. The shuttle driver is super friendly and at your service, upon arrival at Racine Station, I called and the van showed up in less than 5 minutes! On one occasion took us to 7-11, waited for us while we bought water, coffee, etc . When we called from Francesca's on Taylor, he was there in less than 5 minutes. All in all, this hotel is a Chicago Gem. We were in town for the NRA (Restaurant) show and the city was completely booked. 10.50 cab ride to McCormick and QUICK! This hotel will be my place when in Chicago! PS: I was on Marriott Points during their busiest time of year and was still treated like gold!
I was having a knee replacement across the street at Rush Ortho so I stayed here for 2 nights. Great location...and the service is very good. Marriott just needs to spend some money updating. The breakfast buffet is very good...20.00. There are many good restaurants around this property.Jon P,Thank you for taking the time to share some feedback about your recent stay at our property. We are please that you had a good experience with our service. I have shared your comments with the appropriate staff in regards to the updating. We look forward to accommodating you in the future, should your travels bring you back to this area.Have a great day!
Stayed at the Marriott for one night to go to the United Center for the Mary J Blige Concert. The staff was amazing and very accommodating. We dined in the hotel and ate handcrafted burgers and fries that was very delicious.The most accommodating part of our stay was the shuttle to and from the United Center. The driver drove us directly to the entrance of the stadium. The concert let out at 12pm and the driver was waiting or us!!!! The shuttle normally only runs until 9pm I believe but if they have guests that are attending an event the offer shuttle service too then they will stay available until the event is over. That is very accommodating for someone who may not have driven to the hotel or wants to avoid parking fees. The hotel was clean and very welcoming. The staff was very friendly and talkative too.
It is very close to the medical center and the UIC medical center. I walked from the hotel to the Greek neighborhood and it was just 25 minute walk. It is located close to the metro station.Rooms are spacious, clean, and the mattress was excellent. My only concern is the price, a little bit pricey.Marisa,Thank you for taking the time to give us feedback about your recent stay. We are delighted to know that the location was good for you and your guest room was clean and comfortable. I have shared your comments in regards to the price with the appropriate hotel staff. It was a pleasure having you as our guest. We look forward to accommodating you again, should your future travels bring you back this way.Have a great week!Stephanye
Honestly, it's probably isolated with a particular staff member but I am shocked. Front desk is typically your go to person for everything you need but during my stay this is an exception. It's so ridiculous I feel odd even writing this. I ordered a pizza which has nothing to do with the hotel but after an hour and a half I call the pizza place and they say it was left at the front desk because the hotel couldn't reach me. I called the front desk and he stated he tried to call the cell and the room and talked to someone(not me) that said they didn't want the pizza. I told him we were waiting for the pizza and of course we would of answered any call to the room. His response was are you calling me a liar. I called your room and you didn't answer!! I've never dealt with any front desk staff at any hotel I've ever stayed at that was so blatantly obtuse, defensive, and mean. Maybe he was having a bad day but it's borderline childish. He told me the pizza is here come and get it. I did and it was ice cold just sitting there and he was super rude during the exchange. Horrible service.The hotel itself is nice and check in was good. Rooms are clean and overall I would be satisfied if it wasn't for this particular staff member. What a shame.Aleator,Thank you for taking the time to share your recent experience with us.One of our key priorities is to provide the highest level of friendly and courteous service. While it was a pleasure having you here as our guest, your feedback regarding the service our team provided caught my attention.I am very sorry to learn that the quality of service provided by our front desk staff did not quite meet your or our expectations. Please rest assured that your comments have been shared with the team in an effort to improve our overall hotel operations.Thank you for being a valued customer and we hope to serve you again whenever your travels bring you back to Chicago.
For the second time in three months I booked a Marriott despite unfavorable Tripadvisor reviews and found the reviews to be wrong. This hotel had fantastic staff, a very good restaurant and room service, and the perfect location. Nice size rooms and bathroom. Good fitness area and a safe walking area. I walked all over the area day and night and felt safe. Taylor Street has great restaurants, it is Little Italy. I never had to use a cab as I walked to UIC and dinner. So, I saved a lot on cab fares and maybe that helped offset the expense. The room rates are high, above 325 for two nights and 265 for two nights. Also, in contrast to other reviewers, Gold and higher get free internet, free breakfast. Shuttle is free for one mile. Internet is weak on end rooms. Again, expensive but sometimes rates are lower. If you need to be in this area and can afford it, stay here and you will not be disappointed. If the expense bothers you, find another place, cab everywhere you need to go and see how you feel. I liked this place and will be returning.
This hotel is in the hospital/UIC district of Chicago. It is convenient to medical offices, etc. and a short walk to restaurants. They have an in house restaurant as well, and a fitness center, business center and meeting rooms. The guest rooms are clean and comfortable and the staff is all very nice. The concierge lounge has breakfast, light evening foods and dessert. Its about 30 min drive downtown but there are transit options as well.
I have stayed at this hotel before without any problems. I am a Marriott Platinum member, so I always get placed on the Concierge floor. This time the hotel checked me into Room 420 on the top floor. When it was time to go to bed, I found the bed to be HARD AS A ROCK. I was used to the luxurious Marriott Beds (they sell the mattresses), but this thing was impossible. It was late and I ended up sleeping on the Duvet Cover for some padding. When I reported this they said they would take care of it. The next day after work (after getting little sleep the night before), I tested the bed. Another very thin pad had been placed on the bed. I had had it. I called the Manager to come to the room and housekeeping. The housekeeper was fantastic. She knew just want to do. While she was padding my mattress I noticed something unusual. The tag on the mattress said Beauty Rest, Custom Made for Hyatt Hotels. This particular hotel had not been a Hyatt since 2003!! (And who knows how long the mattress had been there, so it was AT LEAST 10 years old). The manager explained he was sorry but that they had budgeted for new mattresses. COME ON. This hotel charges Michigan Avenue rates and is NOT close to downtown. I could not believe it. On the positive side, the host in the Concierge Lounge was incredible. The breakfast was amazing and the service was great.Finally when I checked out, I noticed an added room charge. I complained and was told I would have to come down to the desk at check out. I gave the erroneous bill to the desk staff. She looked at it and I told her which one was billed erroneously. Then she said what day is that... Good grief.. she was LOOKING at the bill. Finally just said Take the charge off now. I guess from talking to the manager that it is hit or miss whether you can a new or an old mattress. And after all, a good nights sleep is a BASIC requirement for business travel. I will not stay here again... period... obviously customer comfort is not 1.And what did I get my all this trouble 1,000 extra points. That's it, Marriott UIC.. None of my business for you!
My husband and I traveled to Chicago to see a Blackhawks game. We chose this hotel because it was close to the Airport (Midway) the United Center. The staff was very friendly, the rooms were clean comfortable. One of the great perks, the hotel offered a shuttle so we did not have to pay for taxi/uber.Thank you so much for your feedback! We are glad you enjoyed your stay and our shuttle. We are looking forward to accommodating you in the future.
For those who require wheelchair accessible rooms, you will find this Marriott a very good option. The bathroom size was excellent but the room was somewhat hard to manoeuvre as the furniture is quite bulky and did not provide much room for turnaround.Also, this Marriott has a wheelchair accessible van (brand new) and will drive visitors within a 1-mile radius which includes UIC, Rush, John Stroger (Cook County) and to Little Italy and Greek town - they also pick up!Restaurant food was excellent and very generous
Stayed for three nights with the UIC rate (169/night).The good:+ Comfortable, clean, spacious room+ Conveniently located to UIC and 5 minutes from Taylor street (lots of restaurant options)+ Friendly staff+ Reasonable fitness room - 6 pieces of cardio equipment and free weights with one bench+ Reasonably priced restaurant with good selection of options (for a hotel)The bad:+ Internet was wireless only and was not free - Marriott needs to differentiate itself by making this free across all of its brands. Internet access is now no longer the novelty it was two decades ago!+ No ability to turn up the heat - choice was either Air Conditioning (very cold) or no fan. I went with the latter...
we stayed here for two nights, karim was very friendly and he did everything he could to make our stay comfortable and pleasant. when we checked in there was no shampoo in the restroom, called front desk and karim brought them right away. hotel is about 30 mins away from downtown, property is quiet and away from main road so... More
Great staff, comfortable rooms but the noise factor is a killer. You will hear it every time the person in the room above you moves their chair or runs the water. The staff are amazing and can't do enough to try and make your stay a great one.The concierge lounge is nice but small if you are planning on holding a meeting in a corner.Good Afternoon Harris TThank you for your positive review about our staff and our comfortable rooms. We apologize for the noise issue you experienced during your stay and will share it with the team. Thank you again for staying with us.
This hotel worked very well for a conference .. Very comfortable room, very clean, very courteous staff, and a great restaurant on site with room service. Nice fitness room and pool looked great. A ride brief ride on the free shuttle to OHare, but a 45 min train ride to downtown Chicago. This hotel in walking distance to something interesting would have been a 5. Still, the L train has a stop right there, so if you have more time than I did, the city is accessible. The only irritating downside was getting nickel/dimed for wifi. Still, the staff were top notch and the food was great and the facility is very nice inside (exterior is plain), so it was a very good stay.
I stayed at this hotel in connection with a trade conference. Overall, the stay was very nice in a clean, mostly comfortable room. Check-in was quick and easy and the staff was attentive and friendly which is typical of most Marriotts. While I do not generally like to eat at the hotel, sometimes this is unavoidable and it was nice that this hotels food and service was better than average. The lobby bar and staff was excellent but a bit loud. The room while fresh and clean had a small bathroom , all of the pillows were too thick for my liking and I had a difficult time finding the right balance between room temperature and bedding thickness. The first morning the in-room coffee maker melted down (things do break) and to the hotel staffs credit, when I called the front desk they offered to send me a new maker and room service coffee at no charge so I would not need to wait as long. Both the new maker and the room service coffee arrived promptly and the room service waiter refused a tip. Its rare that I have experienced such outstanding problem resolution and customer service. Besides the pillows, the few negatives in my view were the very high cost of internet service, especially given the cost of the room, and the airport shuttle. The hotel is a distance from OHare and makes a stop at another property between this hotel and airport in both directions which contributed to shuttles rides with standing room only. Be sure to give yourself ample time during rush hour as traffic can back-up horribly. In summary, these are relatively minor issues and I would be pleased to stay here again thanks to the great staff.Dear Steve1362!Thank you for writing about your stay at our hotel. I am very happy to learn that we were able to make your visit enjoyable. We look forward to welcoming you back some time in the future! Best wishes for a happy holiday season.
The last time I visited the hotel, it felt tired and dispirited. This time it was was dynamic and bustling a result of the very nice make over of the hotel.The front office staff are efficient not overly friendly as they seem to be wildly over-loaded. The common areas, (bar) were quite nice and very busy.The name is a little deceiving, you would expect it to be right at the airport, but in fact it is a 5 to 10 minute shuttle ride away, along with all of the other hotels in the area.
You always hate to have flight delays due to weather problems - but this hotel had one room available and I was able to check in around midnight. The first level room was everything a Marriott typically provides - but the next morning when I opened up the sliding glass door was a wonderful surprise.... a nice view of a nature preserve!Dear B S:Thank you for your kind words and for staying with Marriott! Wishing you safe and delay-free travels!
I've stayed twice at this property - both times while running business meetings. I've been quite impressed with the staff's level of service. Their energy and attention to details have made a big difference in ensuring the meetings were successful.The hotel's facilities are well-designed and well-maintained. And while it's hardly a glamor spot, it's a VERY good choice for business travelers. It's actually quite a pleasant surprise!Dear BobRosenNY, thank you very much for taking the time to write about your visit's with us, we appreciate your business. I'll be sure to pass along your kind words and we hope to see you again in the future! Wishing you safe travels. Dieter Heigl
Stayed here overnight when a flight got cancelled. PROs - Great Staff, Clean, Close to ORD. CONs - Charge for Wifi, No breakfast, Cost.First the pros - my wife left her credit card in the room. After discovering two days later, she called the hotel. The card had been found and turned in and locked in the office safe. The director of security verified the info and shipped via Priority Mail back to us at no charge. This is unprecedented service and one we'll be forever thankful for. The room itself was exceptionally clean and well-appointed. Also, it's only about a 7 minute drive to ORD.Negatives - 12.95 charge for wifi is ridiculous in this day and age (I'm guessing because they can) there are relatively no restaurants around except for the wonderful Gino's East next door. Also, the cost was a little out of line for a close airport property.Dear Gatoric:Thank you for writing about your stay with us. I am happy to hear we were able to hear that we found your credit card and that you enjoyed the staff..Like most full service hotels of a major brand we do bill for services such as breakfast and internet separately from the guest room. From your note I gather that you prefer to have all inclusive pricing when you choose a hotel. There are a number of Marriott brands that will perfectly meet your preference such as Courtyard Hotels, Residence Inn and Springhill Suites. There is a Residence Inn near O'Hare as well as a Springhill Suites (which is located just 1 mile from our hotel.) I can recommend all of them. Thank you for staying with Marriott! Wishing you a pleasant summer. Dieter Heigl
The L-train stop (on the Blue line) is only a 5-minute walk away from the hotel, if you cut across the parking lot.The staff couldnt have been more helpful and their various kindnesses were greatly appreciated.I had an amazing suite with plenty of room to stretch out. The bedroom area contained a lovely Marriott bed and the large main bathroom had a powerful shower with plenty of space for products and two sinks. There was also a bathroom adjacent to the main living room area. Both of the flat-screen TVs had loads of channels (Direct TV), which was a big bonus.On the first night, the Exec lounge was closed due to some maintenance issues, but I was given a voucher for a free appetizer in the bar, complimentary soft drinks and free buffet breakfast in the restaurant the next morning (which was excellent and of a very high-quality).As promised, the next day the Exec lounge was open again in the evening. It had a good selection in the morning including a couple of hot items and several different types of bagels. It was busy though, due to a Pepsi conference being held in the hotel.I loved the outdoor pool and patio area, although it closed after Labor Day, which I thought was a pity during a Chicago heat wave. The indoor pool remained open during my stay.Strangely, on day 2 of my booking, my room was never made up. When I informed the staff, they nearly burst out crying and quickly sent up extra amenities and cleared away my overflowing rubbish bins.There is a large grocery store across the street (Dominick's) and several restaurants within easy walking distance.The free shuttle service took about 15 minutes to get to the airport.I look forward to staying at this property again the next time I'm in the Chicago area.4 out of 5 stars
It's a Marriott so you know the quality will be good. Attended a conference there in the fall so couldn't enjoy the courtyard pool as the weather was too cold. Kept too busy to really get the know the hotel but the standards you'd expect were there.Great breakfast buffet - but then again you pay big dullas for it... no different than any other 4 - 5 star. If you don't like planes, then stay away. The hotel is right under the final approach to one of O'Hare's runways. As one of the busiest airports worldwide, there's a big one on it's way down every few minutes. I sat on my balcony trying to have a conversation with a colleague eventually gave up went inside - the noise from the planes was just insane. The upside though is that you get a unique view of the belly of aircraft at low altitude. Interesting, even for that experience.Dear Swazimac - Thank you for taking the time to post a note regarding your recent stay at our hotel. We are delighted to hear that our recent 40 million investment of the hotel is being noticed as the hotel is a landmark in the area. Thank you also for the compliments in regards to food preparations. I am delighted to hear you enjoyed the breakfast buffet! But Im sorry to hear that your past stay was impacted by noise from air traffic. Unfortunately there is the occasional day when extreme weather conditions dictate that planes land at lower altitudes and I believe this may have had a big impact with regard to your stay. However, thermal pane windows in all of our guestrooms reduce noise factors. Should you find your travels back in Chicago and wish to stay with us again, please ask to be placed on a lower floor inside room. And fortunately, we are almost through the most severe rains Chicago has experienced in more than 50 years! Safe travels,
Stayed here while I was taking my ABEM oral boards which are given on the 6th-8th floors of the hotel so location was really convenient. 7 min free shuttle ride from O'Hare was nice. Facility itself is dated but very well kept and almost everything has been updated. Breakfast is 19 for buffet but very good. Decent workout facility. Walking distance to a couple diners (and Gino's East) but other than that you need to find a ride.
This hotel offers everything is advertises. The rooms are spacious and well equipped. Concierge lounge access does make a difference because you have a smaller lounge and dining area that is less noisy than the ground floor facilities. Also, the continental breakfast and light dinner is more than sufficient. The front desk staff face many challenges and some handle them better than others but they all try hard. During conferences the luggage trolleys are not to be found so sort out your own luggage on check out during the busy times.Dear Journeytime SA, thank you very much to your comments and taking the time to write. We thrilled to hear that you enjoyed your stay. Wishing you safe travels. Dieter Heigl
great comfy hotel, nice outdoor pool, friendly staff and amazing breakfast buffet. Only complaints are the lack of vegetarian dishes on the main menu and the only main course they have is inedible, and the pool would be better if there was a bar or coffee shop next to it where we could sunbathe and order a drink or a snack. apart from that my stay was epic and staff are so helpful!
I have stayed at a ton of Marriotts and know how they are supposed to work. This property is close to the airport in Chicago, but I will NOT consider staying at this hotel in the future. I found the front desk to be extremely rude. While the hotel itself is okay, there are a number of other properties in this general location happy to help with simple requests and appreciative of your loyalty.Dear Brad945,Thank you for being a valued Platinum Elite Member. Marriott is proud to have over 35 million members worldwide. We know our elite members are out there traveling more than 75 room nights per year so thank you for your loyalty. Our goal is to not only meet, but exceed your expectations so you may continue to travel brilliantly. I apologize we fell short on making you feel valued and for not going the extra mile to ensure all those little details were in place. I hope you give us another opportunity to regain your loyalty. I ask that you reach out to me when you arrive, so I may personally welcome you back!Wishing you safe travels,
Went for a weekend seminar for my career and it was lovely. Decorations look very modern with dark furniture and orange/bronze colors. Lovely Conference and Ball Rooms. Food was terrific and served coffee, tea and water in glasses instead of paper cups. Quiet room, fairly large, ice on hallway and I had a card to get to the top floor so I felt a little safer since I was traveling alone. Price was reasonable, checkout under the door (nice so you don't have to wait in a long line) and they held all the bags with security in a special room until the shuttle took us to the airport. I was a late traveler going home and had free internet all day while working in hallway and conference. Lovely newer shuttle bus took me to the airport at 5:45 pm. Shuttle runs 6am-11pm. Then late travelers can call between 11pm-6am and they will drive there to pick you up. Grounds and pool seemed nice and restaurant and bar always packed with happy people. Great view of the city and hotel is on final approach of airport. It was rather exciting to watch the planes going over the hotel especially at dusk. Highly recommend this hotel. Also convenient to take the shuttle across the freeway to the train and go downtown.Dear Kristin H.:Thank you for taking the time to write about your stay with us. We greatly appreciate all guest comments and are certainly happy to learn that you enjoyed your stay. Wishing you safe travels. Dieter Heigl
This is a nice hotel, but for the price one pays for a room I expected a little more. The Hampton Inn we stayed at in Freeport had bigger nicer rooms. The girl who checked us in was new, so it took a little longer than usual. WiFi is not free-12/day. The shuttle to the airport was on time with a friendly driver. It's an airport hotel, so expect to hear the noise of arriving/departing planes all night.Dear Travelinpretzel, thank you for taking thetime to write about your stay with us. I am sorry that your room was not big enough for your needs and as you noted we do bill separately for WiFi (it is available for free in the lobby though). Should you return to the area I can recommend the Marriott Suites just 1 mile west from our hotel or the Springhill Suites just 1 mile east from us, both have larger rooms and the Springhill Suites includes even internet in their rate. Thank you for staying with Marriott. Wishing you a pleasant fall! Dieter Heigl
Have stayed here many times in the past....imagine my surprise at the grand renovation! Can't beat the suburban location, V V Comfy beds. Airport noise not so bad with the fan on in the room. Great staff...do they give the, happy pills! can't wait for a return trip. Great value and location. Thanks!
Multiple delays and cancellations left us stuck partway home in Chicago...pulled out my phone with Marriott app and made a reservation right at the airline counter as lodging was becoming hard to find per the flight agents. We were welcomed to the hotel, got a clean room, ate dinner in the hotel lobby restaurant and were transported very early the following morning back to the airport, and finally home.Dear Astrid527,Thank you for taking the time to let us know how your recent stay was. We're glad to hear you enjoyed your stay and are safely back home. Wishing you safe travels and a happy holiday season!
This hotel was very nice and clean. We ate at the hotel restaurant and was good but seemed a bit pricey. They had a starbucks but it was incorporated with the bar so didn't really seem like a real starbucks to me. The rooms didn't have a microwave or a fridge. A fridge would have been nice since we ordered in some Chinese food but had no where to store the leftovers.Dear Jessica K.!Thank you for taking the time to write a review of your stay at our hotel and Brickton Restaurant. I am glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay and the time at the hotel. Should you stay with us again and should need a refrigerator in your room please feel free to give us a call, we do have cooling units available for our guest's use. Thank you again for staying wiht Marriott! Whishing you safe travels and a great 2014.
We ended up staying here as a result of a long delayed flight back to the UK. The property is really nice, the rooms were large and we had two adjoining rooms one with a large king sized bed the other with two singles. The rooms are spacious, light and clean and the bathroom was really big in the king room. TV channels were great and I do like the Marriotts inclusion of Netflix on the TV's too. We ordered room service as we were really late, despite being past 11pm we were able to order an item from the pre-11pm menu. The two dishes were both seriously good and way beyond what I'd ordinarily expect for room service. The burger was succulent with a good bun and crispy bacon and I really recommend the Chef's special sandwich the brisket is to die for. Don't go for the chips though as ours were soggy. We arrived for breakfast bang on 10am having been told breakfast finished at 11am - which the ala carte does but the buffet finishes at 10 however the server and staff allowed us to continue with the buffet. All the food was great and the ability to have freshly cooked scrambled eggs is a real plus. We used the pool area, being able to swim inside and out was fun for the kids as was them watching me go from jacuzzi to pool as I invaribly froze! We had lunch by the pool, which was served with a good portion size of hummus and meat platter, the flatbread pizza was good with a very tasty sauce. The standout item for me though was the service. Service is so important and every single staff member we encountered appeared to go out of their way to please us, it was a great pleasure to stay at a hotel where the staff really were very accommodating and helpful and for this reason I would really recommend this hotel to anyone in need of an O'Hare hotel.
Friendly receptionists, clean and spacious rooms, good restaurant with a nice hot breakfast buffet. I was upgraded to a nice suite as a platinum member , a nice swimming pool , fitness center free airport shuttle and newly renovated lobby . Overall we enjoyed our stay at the Marriott Ohare and will definitely stay again.
My husband surprised me with a trip to Chicago to see Andrea Bocelli in concert, and we stayed here because it was near to the concert venue. The hotel was very nice and the room was comfortable, bed soft. We did not spend much time here, but there was a nice hotel bar and event center. It is close to the airport and the area in which it is located is not the prettiest, although it is just 5 minutes away from the Oak Park area which is beautiful.
Spent the weekend here. What I liked:- Good size rooms and clean with standard toiletries- Check-in and check-out process was smooth.- I did not order room service but looked at the menu and the food did not seem outrageously pricedFollowing are concerns in the hotel:- the conceirge lounge is not open on weekends. Was given a separate voucher for breakfast but you still can't get water, soda, or snacks in the evening.- the room did not have a fridge- this is not downtown chicago and charging 32 a night for car parking seems quite high- swimming pool is a combination of indoor and outdoor. The same and that was not encourag
We stayed at this property in advance of a week long trip with an 0700 flight time. Since we live 40 miles out, we decided to stay in town instead of driving in for our flight that morning. Our stay on the way out was lovely. We enjoyed a great meal in the bar, watched some of the Olympics and chatted with another guest who was in town covering the Arlington Million. Our room was lovely and we took a nightcap back to watch the planes fly over (every 2 minutes) and enjoy the sounds of the families at the pool. The fact that all of this was on the completely non-smoking property, it was a lovely evening. Our shuttle driver was promptly on site at 0530 to leave for the airport. But, of course, there was one guest who couldn't manage to be on time. While we arrived at the prescribed 10 minutes prior and others arrived in advance of the van arriving, the front desk called due to one, single guest who couldn't get his act together. Because they were so overly accommodating to him, I was completely blown away by the shuttle trip upon our return.We arrived at the airport, got our luggage and called the hotel. They informed us to go to door 2 at the shuttle center. We proceeded there - it is about a 7 minute walk for tired, suitcase lugging travelers. We arrived at the assigned door at 2316. With a number of vans there, we were trying to see what each of them were when we saw a Marriott van pull away and drive off - EMPTY. So, I called the hotel to ask whether their driver had just driven away even though we had called and he should have been alerted that there were travelers arriving. I was told that the van runs every half hour and that the next one would be at 2330. I inquired whether this meant that the van would be ON THE WAY or was expected to ARRIVE at that time. I never really got a clear answer. When a van finally arrived on the property at 2352, I started to understand WHY I wasn't given a clear answer. While we waited 36 minutes for a van, some others told us they had been waiting over an hour. Additionally, they stated they had called the hotel and been told that THEY missed the VAN. I am not sure how it is possible for the guest to MISS THE VAN - surely the driver has some responsibility for getting out and announcing himself when they are parked (stacked) in 2 lanes of traffic.Then, upon our arrival at the hotel, I used my parking ticket as instructed to leave the parking lot without paying the daily fees only to get an error message that my ticket was invalid and my fee due was 241.00. I tried 3 times and then started to go back to a parking space to walk back to the hotel and wait while the 40 people on the van got checked in to their rooms to get a valid ticket to get my car out of the lot when our friend noted that another gate was open for an event that was concluding. We pulled through it and left. I fly out of O'Hare on average 12 - 15 times per year for business and pleasure. I use park sleep fly once or twice a year. And I am an active Marriott member. I thought that I had found a new favorite but this experience leaves me irritated a day later. When I park at the airport, I can be off the property and on the road in a half hour. Last night, with a flight arrival time of 2230, we were finally on the highway at 0020. This is COMPLETELY UNACCEPTABLE. Needless to say, I will be calling the GM at the hotel and possibly corporate later this week.Good Morning DLogsdon,Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel. I apologize about the experience you had with the airport shuttles during your stay. I will make sure to share your comments with the appropriate staff. It is hard to say what exactly occurred during the time you were waiting for our shuttle at the airport and various things such as traffic, as well as trying to accommodate all of our guest could effect the exact time of arrival at the airport. We look forward to hearing from you. Thank you,
The hotel is all suites, so each room has plenty of space. The access to the airport train makes this very convenient, and the airport shuttle will drop you off at the transit station if you can't make the walk of 4 blocks.
This property is a very typical Marriott with capable staff (aside from housekeeping) and nicely finished interiors. I have stayed here twice within a month and both experiences were pleasant, especially their marketing director (Peggy, I believe her name was) whom I met in the lobby. She went out of her way to find information for my colleagues and I to make our visit exceptional. However, housekeeping staff requires some further training on how and when to enter a room. Apparently my Do Not Disturb sign had fallen out of the card reader. At 8 am sharp while I was still soundly asleep I awoke to a scratching sound at the door, followed by her abrupt attempt at entry. She was unable to get in because of the metal flap safety device, and yelled. I asked her to come back later (preferably, after I checked out an hour later) and received a snotty sigh of disgust in return. Slleping in one's paid hotel room is not too much to ask.
The best part of our visit was dealing with Tim at the front desk. Our travel agent had screwed up our reservation and Tim took care of us like a pro. There were 3 of us traveling together and we had three rooms, every time we needed something we knew Tim was the person to see. He greeted us each time with a smile and we left the desk each time feeling we were the most important guests at his hotel. Great job, Tim, we wish all hotels had a Tim at their front desk.
The hotel is quite close to the airport and offers free shuttle which is very convenient. In spite of proximity noise is rarely a bother. Bedrooms have a decent size and so do the bathrooms and housekeeping do their job quite thoroughly. Toiletries are nice, no showercap so bring yours if so needed. Towels very good quality. Mattress comfortable and so are pillows. Complementary good quality coffee and tea (would love some cookies).Staff is super friendly and will go out of their way to make you feel comfortable.The place is quite far from city at some 35USD in regular taxi and about half with Uber. There's a nice outlet close by and the blue line is relatively close. However, this is not a convenient place if you are visiting Chicago as will take you a while to get there, is great though for conventions and similar events. Has parking places but you may want to check price beforehand.Wifi great and tech support simply too good to be true. The restaurant has great options and both wine and cocktails selections very good but perhaps a bit pricey.If they also had shuttles for the city would be paradise. In any case highly recommendable for the kind of situations described above.
Unfortunately was a somewhat terrible stay. Right from the get go was warned that the systems were down and would have them up again soon. Was told about other amenities and directed to the room. Come to find out walking by the pool that that was out of order as well. With no wifi since their systems were down I headed to the bar and got a bite a drink. I think everyone was there since no one could get wifi or go to the pool and everyone charging their rooms. The next day at our tradeshow event the wifi was still in and out and their systems were still down. Overall pretty disappointing experience with all of the amenities unavailable. Hopefully they figure it out!Thank you for your feedback, and we apologize for any inconvenience you experienced. Unfortunately, Marriott did have a system outage caused by the hurricane that affected several hundred properties during your stay. We worked very quickly to resolve the issue, though, and our system was back up in less than 24 hours. We truly value your business and hope that you'll give us another try in the future. Thank you for choosing Marriott!
Stayed 2 nights for a conference. This hotel is very close to the airport. I used Lyft to get there and it took 9 minutes in morning traffic. The CTA blue line Cumberland stop is literally in their parking lot and I used it to get back to the airport. I also took it downtown to sightsee one night- was about a 35 minute ride to be dropped off right in the heart of the city by the riverwalk and magnificent mile. I was able to check in using the app at 9:00 and by lunchtime I had a room key and could grab a quick nap. Using the app I requested a shaving kit (an option listed as available) and a refrigerator which the website lists as available upon request. I received a chat message that a fridge was on the way up to the room and would be placed in the room. I left to sightsee and returned 7 hours later with a bottle of wine and left overs expecting to have somewhere appropriate to store them. There was no fridge or shaving kit in the room. I wouldn't mind but when they offer to provide me with anything I forgot (how do you fly with a razor nowadays anyhow) and tell me that something is on its way, then I expect it to be there. If they had replied that either were unavailable it wouldn't have been a big deal. Conference services were okay. Meeting rooms were comfortable temperatures. Food wasn't great but I passed other meetings with amazing looking food so I feel like my organization just picked the cheapest option. The grilled vegetable sandwich boxed lunch I was provided was quite good. No where around in walking distance for toiletries or food. Grub Hub was limited to a Denny's, several Mexican restaurants and a subway. Pretty much forced to travel to eat or eat at the hotel restaurant which is okay but nothing spectacular. I wouldn't probably stay here unless it was required for a conference or the location being by public transportation. Thank you for your review. As we pride ourselves on delivering a memorable hotel experience during your travels, we have unfortunately fallen short of our goal during your recent stay. We apologize for the shaving kit and refrigerator issue you experienced. It has been addressed with our housekeeping team. Thank you for staying with us, and we hope to see you the next time you're in Chicago.
The hotel is nice the view is ok near to the hotel there is a big grocery store and train station also it is near to the airport so easily access to everything around you they provide a shuttle to fashion outlet Chicago all what you need is in the room and it is big clean and tidy
Ive stayed at this hotel a few times and find it to be a solid choice for an overnight stay before an early flight departure. Check in was quick and efficient, and the rooms are comfortable. This was my first stay that included lounge access, and I found it to be very disappointing and sparse. I arrived 25 minutes before it switched to dessert, and was left with a few pieces of cheese and a couple of smashed crackers. I did try the bite desserts which were pretty good. No complimentary beer or wine.Thank you for your feedback about the concierge lounge. We have addressed the issues you experienced with our Food Beverage team. We hope you'll give us another try in the future, and thank you for staying with us.
Only reason not to give the hotel a 5 star rating is the fact you have to pay to park and for internet. Rarely do I ever pay for these items at other hotels across the country. Parking is understandable, however paying for internet combined with a higher than average parking fee especially compared to hotels on the same block that charge nothing for either is a major turn off. Otherwise a fantastic hotel with great service. Still some renovation work happening as of today May 8 however it didn't cause any problems and was not intrusive. Overall another great stay.
5 minutes from Ohare and with a shuttle running every 30 minutes to and from the hotel. This is a nice property for a quick lay over. My room was very clean and staff very hospitable. Concierge level on 11th floor was stocked well and the food provided in the mornings and evenings was top drawer. Not much close to this property. Very nice grocery store about a block from the hotel is within easy walking distance with prepared food and good grocery selection.
I can tell you I travel a lot and when I travel and I need help I am a friend indeed. The people at the front desk were phenomenal. Not only were they extremely friendly, they really made me feel like an old buddy! Just to say I had to write a review they were so accommodating to all my business needs. Beautiful Hotel with great restaurant will be back. Rooms very nice!
When checking into a 300+ a night room I expect my bags to be brought to my room. I do not expect to be told to go through the restaurant and meander about until you see elevators. On my meander I did notice a pool which seemed indoor/outdoor and would have possibly been enticing were I not carrying my own luggage and trying to follow the directions given by desk clerk. The room itself was small, but quite clean. There was nothing wrong with it, nor was there anything special. My son enjoyed his room service meal of ribs. Two glasses of Pinot Grigio arrived as Chardonnay with no explanation. Check out was simple, airport shuttle thankfully was beyond efficient, I believe the driver Hector (I believe. It definitely started with a H) was completely aces. Obviously there are better places to stay in Chicago, but I needed something near airport bc of a missed connection. This did the job of clean bed and shower, decent late evening dinner, got us to airport on time. It accomplished these with no charm or warmth which I don't need, but would have relished at the late hour and exhausting day I'd had.Dear Betsy B. Thank you for taking the time to write about your stay with us. We appreciate the positive and not so positive feedback you have for us. We hope that you will find time to return with your son to enjoy the pool and that we have to opportunity to serve you again - with Marriott's well know service! Wishing you safe travels and a fantastic summer! Dieter Heigl
Thanks to American Airlines I found myself stranded in the Windy City for one night. First a faulty door, then poor weather and then returning to the gate to refuel (surely they should have thought about that one). Either way I wasn't going home, but heading straight for the Marriott O'Hare in Chicago, which, while on one level, not a great thing, on another, it meant I could mooch around Chicago for the day, which I did.The Marriott O'Hare was very much in the corporate mould, the sort of place where I find air hostesses normally Asian checking in ahead of me and sure enough there they were, but the check-in procedure was remarkably smooth and helpful. However, finding the room and then finding my way from the room back to the front desk area was tricky at one stage I was lost in a maze of corridors and had to retrace my steps back to the room and then start again, taking a right turn instead of a left. But this was a minor problem in the scheme of things.The hotel room was very nice. Too many pillows on the bed, but then all Marriotts seem to suffer from that affliction. There was WiFi, but it wasn't free which I always find a diabolical liberty and, oddly, it's always the big chain hotels that request payment, the ones that, arguably, don't need the money. Smaller hotels seem to offer it for free and, let's face it, the Marriott could too, but it chooses to charge. It was all academic to me as the airline had checked in my bag, which contained my laptop, so I only had the business centre on the ground floor, which I would use the following day. In fact, on the subject of the business centre, it was fine and they allowed me to use it AFTER I had checked out, which was kind of them, so I did get my free WiFi after all. Extend free internet access to the rooms and you'd get a 'very good' rating from me.It was late or getting late by the time I reached the lobby and took a seat for dinner, although only a limited menu was available to me. I ordered a glass of Cabernet and the fish dish and it was fine. Breakfast the following morning was excellent they had everything and it was all top quality. I ordered fresh fruit and some bread plus a bowl of cereal (something like Alpen) along with a pot of tea. But once again, where the tea was concerned, I remembered that if I fancied a decent cuppa I would have to wait until I reached England. There's never a pot of tea in the USA, but there's more likely to be a pot of hot water and a teabag in a sachet and that was the offering at the Marriott. But again, not a major worry.There was a shuttle bus to the airport and, after mooching around Chicago (definitely not my kinda town) I'd driven back to the Marriott in a taxi (having taken the CTA into downtown from Cumberland, a station across the parking lot from the hotel) and sat at the bar with a glass of Cabernet awaiting the call from the shuttle driver. The shuttle runs every 20 minutes and takes about 20 minutes to reach the airport.I'm one of those people who tend not to like the corporate hotels, but then, everytime I find myself in a Marriott or a Hyatt, I have nothing but praise for them perhaps I do like corporate hotels and that 'brand reassurance' they offer. I could have done with another night at the Marriott O'Hare and, preferably, under calmer circumstances. Marriotts are good hotels. I liked the Cleveland Marriott and the one in Atlanta and I'll forgive them leaving too many pillows on the beds. Keep up the good work.Mr. Moggridge! Thank you for writing about your stay! I thoroughly enjoyed your writing and thank you for the positive comments. As well as noting what we could improve on. I hope this note finds you at your destination. Wishing you safe travels and a pleasant summer. Dieter Heigl
My wife and I stayed here with a group of friends this past weekend and we could not be happier. The front desk made us feel very welcome, and gave great directions to restaurants and bars. The front desk said they had 3 weddings going on that night so they told us they would put us on a high floor far away from all that noise, this was very much appreciated. Our room was located on the 10th floor and faced west. The room was huge and extremely clean. The bathroom was clean and looked new. The upper floors 10, 11 and 12 are private floors that you need your room key to access, this is a nice feature. I would highly recommend this hotel.Dear Jim T. Thank you very much for taking the time to write about your stay. We are thrilled that you and your wife enjoyed your time with us. We look forward to welcoming you back some time in the future. Wishing you safe travels. Thank you. Dieter Heigl
We loved this hotel. Our room had a private bedroom and was huge. The restaurant attached - cant recall the name was great too. Omelette bar in the morning and one of the best steaks Ive had for dinner - please get the Marriott butter...More
I have to be honest that from the outside, the hotel seemed a little scary and outdated. Once inside, however, it was one of the most modern Marriott locations I've stayed in. The lobby area was welcoming and there were plenty of areas to hang out with colleagues in the evening. And the rooms were equally modern and larger than average. My only complaint was that the bathroom was extremely small. I highly recommend this location for small business conferences given its proximity to the airport. The shuttle came in very handy for conference attendees.Dear BFR1920, thank you for taking the time to write your experience while staying with us. We appreciate your comments and hopefully will see you again soon. Wishing you safe travels, Dieter Heigl
Had a short overnight stay here. It's a challenge to find the shuttle stop at the airport- it's at door 2 of the bus center. After that it's a 15 minute ride to the hotel.Staff are friendly and the breakfast was good. Concierge Lounge was closed at the weekend so I got a voucher. Beds are comfortable and hotel is not too noisy for an airport hotel. Blue line train to downtown is right next to the hotel.
This Marriott was selected for me as part of our partner meeting. After flying in from Miami, having a shuttle to get us to the hotel was a nice touch. Although some complained that it took too long for the shuttle to arrive and get them to the hotel. That was not my experience. Within five minutes of arriving at the shuttle stop, we were on our way with a very friendly and polite shuttle driver named Joseph. Upon arrival, and before checking in I had an excellent meal at the Brickton Grill located in the lobby with my partners. Upon checking in, I found a room that's a bit on the small size but definitely functional, clean, and comfortable. There were plenty of outlets to charge my electronic devices, plenty of drawer space and closet space to unpack, and the desk was perfect for work. The workstation and office chair important to me and my business travels. I thought that the Matt did a great job with the room. The bed was very comfortable. I will also note that the service on all levels was very good. The location in Rosemont not very far from the airport makes this an excellent place to stay on business if you don't need to be in downtown Chicago.Dear Maltafaz: Thank you very much for writing a review of visit with us. I glad that you enjoyed your stay as well as your dining experience in Brickton and Brickton Bar. We look forward to your next stay! Wishing you safe travels, Dieter Heigl
My wife and I were on a trip and we had a long layover. This is a very large airport. We had a airport employee help us find our way around to catch a shuttle to our hotel. Once we arrived at the hotel everything went smoothly. We had a very nice quiet room. we had a meal in the hotel restaurant which was pleasant.This hotel is a excellent place to stay if you have a flight layover in Chicago.
I had called from the airport to ensure that a refrigerator was in my room upon arrival. I was assured that one would be installed. I got to my room at 1:00am and no frig....one was delivered at 2 am.Upon checking in I gave details as to how I needed the bill split between me and my roommate who was arriving the next day. I gave the front desk my roommate's name as I wasn't going to be around whenshe arrived.When my roommate arrived the front desk said that they were not aware of her arrival.Upon checking out the bill wasnot split like I was ensured it would be.When I booked the room I requested a 1 pm. checkout versus 12 noon. I was assured that as an Elite member it wouldn't be a problem. I also confirmed an extended checkout time when checking in and the front desk assured me that I was all set.On day of check out I was told that I could not have a 1 hour extension.And last but not least I had requested the room cleaned before 2 pm... I was told that housekeepingwas being sent right up... that was at 11 am. Apparently they took a wrong turn as they didn't show up until 6 pm.All in all it was not a typicalMarriott experienceThank you for your feedback, and we apologize for the issues you experienced. Please don't hesitate to contact us directly if you'd like to discuss your experience further, and thank you for staying with us.
I joined a friend to attend a wonderful dollhouse miniature show this past weekend here in the Chicago Marriott O'Hare. Being very much a budget traveller when I travel alone, I figured sharing the cost of the room wouldn't be too much more than my budget hotels in Europe. Our room had a special rate because of the show but the 142 became became 191.52 with 2 nights parking and the normal taxes on both room and parking. My friends share would be slightly less - 164.80 because of the no parking fee.So, first of all, I thought paying for parking was sort of unfriendly. It wasn't like it was an enclosed lot or anything - just parking out in front of the hotel like most any other hotels I've stayed in in the states. And aside from its humungous and very nicely decorated lobby with seating galore for visiting, I didn't find anything really special abut the hotel. We had two beds with very noisy sheets (sort of like sleeping under paper coverings), no fridge(!), had to pay for Wi-fi for each day. Fortunately I had a personal hotspot that we used and when I called this morning to make sure that guests really had to pay for wi-fi in their rooms (another guest had told us no, they put it on your bill but take it off when you check out) and I mentioned being glad I had a personal hotspot and she said oh, you have to pay for that too. I said I wasn't billed for it and she looked up our bills and said that neither was my friend. I asked if I should advise TA readers that they can use their personal hotspots and she said no, because they'll be billed. So take your pick on that one. I, for one, couldn't believe there was no wi-fi and fridge in the rooms. Most of the hotels I stay in in the states are lower down the ladder - Best Western, Days Inn, etc., and I always have Wi-fi and very often have a fridge. And then there were just little things, we had a one-cup-at a time coffee maker in the room for which they provided 4 packets of coffee and 2 tea bags, one black tea, the other chamomile. And...the little cup that would hold the coffee grounds was missing. We both drank tea so just poured the water in to heat and let it drip out into our cups but I had to get extra tea bags because we both drink black. Our first night there, I couldn't get the bedside phone to work - have no idea why because the desk phone worked and they both worked after that first night.So, I guess I'm saying our stay was basically okay but if you want to keep anything cold, forget that and if you don't have a personal hotspot (or don't want to take a chance on getting billed for using it), you'll have to go down to the lobby for wi-fi where it's free but sometimes just has two bars although I noticed in the evenings it seems to be higher. Thank you for your feedback, and we're sorry to hear you weren't completely satisfied with your stay. The phone issue you experienced will certainly be addressed. As to the parking fee, all hotels in the area charge for parking, due to our proximity to O'Hare. We also offer complimentary internet to all Rewards members who book directly through Marriott, and we have complimentary fridges available upon request. We apologize if the internet policy was not properly communicated, and please don't hesitate to contact us directly if you'd like to discuss your experience. We're glad to hear you enjoyed the miniatures show, and we hope to see you again next time.
The hotel has been thoroughly modernized and is great and very fresh. The size of the rooms and bathrooms in the main hotel is great. We did not stay in the of the rooms out by the pool. There was a slight issue when checking in as we called in the morning and requested connecting rooms as we had a 3 adults and 2 four year olds and a two and a half year old. When we checked in we were taken to the 9th floor first and no connection then to the 10th floor and no connection and then down to the 3rd floor and found connecting there. Kyle the bell hop was great and stayed with us on the radio so we did not have to travel up and down with cart and kids. They handled it well and resolved it quickly. Kyle did an excellent job of taking care of us. The only thing I would say is questionable is the pool area in the indoor area floor. The floor is very slippery and dangerous and we were quite surprised when we were there that the hotel has not done something to change that after all the money they spent on the remodel.Also had a bit of trouble everytime we left parking lot with room keys and the parking kiosk. Took several times and a buzz to the inside to get the gate up. We were not the only ones, everyone we came across was having trouble exiting the hotel parking lot. Maybe they should come up with a new system. Laundry area was nice and very clean and bright. They may want to considering adding one more of each machine as they have only one now, but it was a large room with plenty of space and very clean. The restaurant breakfast buffet was excellent and the staff in the restaurant and bar area were very good.The business center was great with new computers and a great printer. Would definitely stay again.
The Hotel was fantastic. We had a King Suite and it was a great room. The service was incredible, friendly and everyone there went the extra mile to insure your satisfaction. Rosemont has every great restaurant that Chicago has- Mortons, Gibson's, Capital Grill, Hugo Frog Bar, Bub City, McCormick Scmick's, Harry Carrey's and dozens more. They also have a Casino, Outlet Mall, Indoor Skydiving, Theatres ( Movie and Live performance, The Rosemont Horizon, Joe's ( on Weed). You will never be bored.
This hotel is very close to the office we were holding our meeting. I was on the 8th floor, about four rooms off the elevators and it was fairly quiet. Nice, comfy beds and decor. I had a walk-in shower that was nice. The concierge level suite was good which I visited during hors d'eorves hour before our 7:30pm dinner reservations and also again in the morning for breakfast. There was an excellant spread available with many juice options. I particularily enjoyed that the lamps wall sockets in the room had USB ports to charge your phone/Kindle etc. The cost of the room seemed pretty steep, but I enjoyed my stay overall. Shuttle service from O'Hare was prompt and I think comes every 20 minutes.
hotel is very near to airport also provides shuttle service. Rooms looks great ...but little congested. You will have many options to choose from breakfast...and few good restro's are nearby. You may choose this to be near to airport.......and little far away from downtown.
I have been staying at this Marriott Hotel almost yearly for the past 34 years and it has always evolved to keep up with the needs of it's clientele. Currently, it is a very good meeting site for large and small conferences or special events such as weddings. The rooms have been upgraded, not luxurious but functional with down comforters. The price is very reasonable for all of the amenities--indoor/outdoor pool, jacuzzi, exercise room, bar, restaurant, concierge, proximity to the rapid transit station, restaurants and to O'Hare Int'l airport. There is a courtesy shuttle that will pick up and drop off at the airport. Overall, unless I need to be in the city, this is my go to place for Chicago.
We stayed at this hotel as a stop over point on our family vacation to Door County Wisconsin. The hotel was easy to find and our front desk check-in process was quick and easy. The staff is very friendly and helpful! We booked with a package from Marriot that included parking and a 3 day transit pass. If you plan to go downtown it is a little bit of a long train ride but much easier than driving there! The rooms were clean and comfortable. They are a little small but you never feel cramped. The pool area is beautiful and room was on the ground floor with direct access. I would highly reccomend this hotel for pleasure or business!
We've stayed here before due to its central location. On this multi-day visit we learned that a franchisee was assuming control and that had many of the staff very concerned, and they were vocal about this. It seemed to be a terrible communication issue with the staff, which is disappointing because we think they have a good team presently.
My wife and I arrived the hotel at about 10am. It was too early to checkin so we left the luggage and a box of food in hotel. The bell boy was nice and helpful. We went back hotel about 10pm. The room was ready though not upgraded. We were so tried and soon fell asleep. The next morning I tried to get into the lounge on top floor but the room key just doesn't work. I was thinking that my Gold elite might not have the perks for the reward night so we decided to find our breakfast in airport. I asked the front desk about the rule of lounge access. I was told that I should have access but somehow the key wasn't function properly so he asked the restaurant to pack two cups of chicken noodle soup for us. That was so warm in the windy city. Am I too easy going lol
Very close to the Airport, they have blue line to the downtown Chicago for 50mins from the hotel, the best way to the Downtown Chicago is taking the blue no driving no taxi cuz the heavy traffics!I don't recommend this Marriott for stay during the weekend cuz they closed the lounge from Friday morning to Sunday! Same as the Renaissance across the freeway!services---bad!!!Recommend to stay with another hotel!Dear Edision C,Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel. Our Concierge lounge is closed on weekends. We're sorry if this caused any inconvenience to you during your stay. We do offer all Platinum and Gold members a choice between breakfast for two or a 750 bonus point credit for this inconvenience. Please reach out to us directly if there is anything else we may assist you with. Wishing you safe travels!
My wife and I stayed at this hotel for three nights (Fri to Sun). We checked in around 9 PM and the staff was very cordial. After entering the room we realized that during the time of booking, we did not specify the type of room we want and hence ended up getting one with two Queen beds. My wife called the front desk and asked if we can get a King Bed. They accommodated us immediately and a staff member brought the new room keys to us. This was great since we did not have to go back to the front desk.The room:- The room was modest in size with a balcony and chairs to sit- South wing rooms had a great view of the indoor+outdoor pool while the North wing rooms had a view of some concrete ground and a covered up swimming pool- Air conditioning was working well and the hot water was consistent- We did not like the bed that much as we had minor back pain every morning. Fortunately it was not that bad.Food:We ate in the hotel restaurant only once. We had a breakfast of French Toast and pancakes. The food was decent and the price reasonable. The bar had about a dozen beers on the tap. Moose Drool was my favorite.Service:Throughout our stay, the service was excellent. Every staff member was professional, yet friendly and very helpful.Here are some of the additional expenses you may want to consider.Parking: 28 per dayBasic Internet: 13 per dayHigh speed Internet: 17 per dayDear Bhaskar, thank you very much for taking the time to write about your stay with us. I am very happpy to hear that you and your wife enjoyed your time and our hotel! Perhaps we can welcome you again some time in the future! Wishing you safe travels, Dieter Heigl
My family and I stayed at the Chicago Marroitt O'hare from July 10th-12th to attend the Chicago tastefest of 2015. My family (4 adults) and I arrived at the hotel at around 4pm to check in (check in was said to be 3pm) not knowing it was same weekend the college referees we having a convention there thus the check in process was horrible. I booked a room with two queen beds and was told it was a guarantee. Thus after waiting 1 hour to finish the check in process I was told my room was no longer available that my family and I (3 other adults) would only be given a room with a king bed (unacceptable). Finally when I demanded to speak with a manager things turned around. I would have given this hotel 5 stars for the great location, the upgrades, and quality of the rooms except the front desk staff ruined that.
I can't say enough about my stay at the hotel. The staff was wonderful. Room was extremely comfortable. Loved the convenience of the walkover to AMA where I had business. Close to subway for touring downtown. The only thing that bugged me was that wifi was not free - I just don't get that these days. I did not eat in the hotel or go to the bar so I can't speak to those.
This property has recently undergone renovations and it shows - the lobby area was amazing. Check-in was prompt and courteous and despite what other reviews may indicate the shuttle to and from the airport was hassle free and not overly time consuming, 15 mins at most. We dined at the restaurant and the food and service was exceptional and not overly priced for an airport hotel. The room was comfortable and quiet and the in-room coffee is always appreciated. The fitness facilites were clean and provided anything you may have forgotten offered more than a few treadmills and ellipticals like most hotels - provided both free weights and machines. Staff was friendly and accomodating. Overall would recommend this hotel and will add it to our list should we ever be in need near O'Hare again.Dear thejohnsons556,Thank you so much for your kind words. We appreciate you taking the time to write a post about our hotel. We are delighted you enjoyed your past stay and we look forward to the opportunity to have you back again soon. Happy New Year and safe travels.
I stayed here for a business conference. Everything was very good. Great location. I received wifi with the rate paid. Great food. Check in was easy. Parking convenient. My biggest complaint is that the pool was drained. Since I was traveling with my children they were highly disappointed. However, they were able to visit Legoland and visit the town.For business it was great. The staff was very friendly and helpful. They allowed a later checkout to accommodate the conference schedule.
Very nice updates to this Marriott.The restaurant and lobby area is very nice. Lobby can be loud at night with everyone enjoying happy hour.The gym is very nice, but a little tricky to find in the pool area.Concierge lounge is nice, but tiny. Great food and service.We had a meeting here, and they did everything they could to accommodate us and our needs. I asked for a Diet Sierra Mist, and they brought me 4 of them in a bowl with ice, and a glass with ice.My only complaint would be the shuttle ride to and from the airport. Its is long, and makes many stops, including to the Marriott O'Hare Suites. If time is on your side, or you are totally cheap, take the shuttle. However, if you want to get into your bed and be to sleep as soon as possible, take a cab. It runs between 16-20 bucks.Dear sttcarrie:Thank you very much for spending the time to write about your stay and your very positive experience with your meeting. Indeed the travel time to the hotels in the area is lenghty at times, the airport restrict all shuttle pick up to only the bus center in terminal two which creates traffic jams at times. We do run our shuttles every 20 minutes throughout the day and make every effort to be on time. Thank you again for staying with Marriott!Wishing you happy holidays and safe travels.
Stayed here one night for business. I travel under government processes for projects, and unfortunately I forgot my government ID. I am never asked by Marriottt (as a gold) for my ID...but here I was asked, and because I forgot my ID, I ended up paying the last minute rack rate. I was not happy. Often i can get my office to email me something, but as would happen, the person who has a copy of my ID, was not in the office by the time I checked in..... so I am forced to pay out of my pocket the difference.... while the guy checking me in was trying to be nice about it, he insisted on the higher rate (after 30 years, this has NEVER happened, tho' I have been asked for my ID 2 times in 30 years as usually my profile is used). Since I am liable for my badge if I loose it, I don't travel with it. In addition the rate for parking is over 20 per nite (self parking where one has to walk in the snow/ice to park and retrieve their car)...... While I know that they are just enforcing a policy, I am a gold and have an established Marriot profile..... I will try to reduce the charge when I get back home, but I was really unhappy with this treatment.Hotel room was the smallest I have stayed outside many Manhattan hotels (however, even the Marriott Marquis in Times Square is 3 times bigger than this hotel). Attached is a copy of the bathroom photo that shows you have to step around the toilet to close the bathroom door.... unbelievably small. Room was marginally clean, as I found an empty water bottles in the room from the prior occupant, something sticky on the desk, and had to use my white noise machine for to sleep given the person next door who either had a guest or was on the phone talking rather loudly (tho' thin walls happens at many hotels).As you enter hotel, reception desk is on the left and there appears to be a large bar. You have to use a room key in the elevator to go to your floor and any permitted floor. The hallways are decorated with an attempt at stylish. Bed is very comfortable, which is why the three bubble rating.This hotel is about the same distance to the FAA offices on Devon, but next door to one of the airport contractor offices which is why I decided to re-try it...... I come to Chicago monthly, and this is the first time in a very long time I have stayed in this hotel. Normally I am at the Westin in River Road or the ORD Hyatt. Given the difficulty with the rate.... doubt I will be back here and have already booked the Westin for my next stay.Dear Mary V.: I am very sorry that you did not have the proper ID for the preferred room rate you booked and your stay with us did not meet your expectations. We already reviewed your suggestions with the entire team. Thank you for taking the time to write about your stay. Wishing you safe travels, Dieter Heigl
I would never stay here again. The food at the basic breakfast buffet was good and the front desk was nice BUT the rooms were terrible. We were notPut in the tower but in the low rise Motel 6 type section. Bathroom was extremely small. (Door will hit your knee and you can touch the ceiling with the palm of your hand). Our rooms overlooked the pool and their was a connecting balcony along the outside of all rooms overlong pool. Did not like that feature or the bright lights kept on all balconies thru the night and the curtains poor design allowed for a lot of light tocome into the room. Sheets were too small for the bed and didn't even cover the mattress. Carpet on stairs to our floor was years past its replacement date. Walls thin. I could hear hairdryers etc in next room, kids having fun in the pool and planes from O'Hare at night. It was NOT a peaceful stay. For the cost of a Marriott stay you get a Motel 6 kinda roomDear Wendy Z,Thank you for taking the time out of your day to write to us about your most recent stay. We value your constructive criticism, without your feedback we would not be able to learn and grow in our quest for excellence in guest service. We hope that if you find yourself in the area again you'll give us a chance to make it up to you. Wishing you safe travels!
We booked this hotel as we are Marriott Rewards guests needed 9 nights of parking while down in the carribean. Our son daughter in law met us at the airport, so shared the room. We had a nice dinner drinks in the restaurant before retiring for the night. Our flight was at 5:30am, so made arrangements for the shuttle at 4am, which worked out well! Upon returning we did have difficulty with our parking ticket getting out of the parking lot...Parking is not in a covered, so had to clear our car of a little snow. Overall, a very nice experience!Dear Karen B - Thank you for being a loyal Chicago Marriott O'Hare guest. I am happy to hear that you enjoyed your most recent stay with us. We look forward to welcoming you back in the future. Safe travels.
I stayed at the Kimpton during a business trip and loved the location. It is in the heart of the theater district and very close to public transit. The rooms were small but very clean and the bed was comfortable. I loved that they had a yoga mat in the room! Front desk was helpful and friendly. I would recommend the Kimpton HotelHey Monika!Thank for taking time to enhance our online reputation! Glad to see you were able to take advantage of our fabulous location and you were able to take advantage of some of our unique amenities! Come back and see us again soon!Amber BertschGuest Experience Manager
We loved our stay at the hotel. The interior design is just fantastic. Art Deco revival lives in that hotel. The best part was the evening cocktail party for the entire hotel. Every evening everyone is invited to the lobby for a complimentary drink of prosecco. Not my favourite drink but fun. You do have the feeling that it was from a different age. PThe rooms were well done and quiet. Friendly staff although I got the wrong directions to the subway to Ohare when I was checking out and one of the bartenders does not know anything about wine, which is odd given how much they are charging for it. Fairly minor issues. The wifi was really hard to use at first. They say it's free and it is but they want you to fill out this form on-line asking way to many questions and very personal at that. I refused and called their support line and the guy was very helpful and gave me an access code that was not given to me at checkin in. I was very annoyed that they were trying to mine data from me that way. I have not seen a hotel do that before and I thought it was sneaky and inappropriate. I thought the cost was very reasonable and the location is great, easy access to the downtown and a good distance to the west loop which now seems to have the best restaurants and a very vibrant atmosphere. I would go back for sure.
Kimptons, to paraphrase a great movie, are like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're going to get.This was my third stay at a Kimpton (one in LA, one in D.C., and now Chicago), and I think I am going to take my business elsewhere. The front desk service is uneven at best -- Upon our arrival, the person who served us was not very professional, welcoming nor particularly courteous.As a dog owner, I appreciate that the hotel welcomes pets, however we were affronted by dozens of snorting, wheezing and coughing pugs (with their doting owners in toe) scattered about the lobby (and courtesy coffee area) from the moment we arrived until we departed two days later. Pugs Take Chicago! (and the Kimpton Allegro Hotel)!Our room was disappointing. Clean Yes. Comfortable bed Yes. Nice decor Shoddy. Bathroom Miniature. Lighting Awful. (This was very reminiscent of the Kimpton we stayed at in D.C., although that hotel was in dire need of a renovation and should never have marketed itself as a Kimpton. Free Internet NON-EXISTENT!This Kimpton is also located in the financial district (next to a theater). Stores and businesses closed early and it was difficult getting basic staple items past 9pm during our stay.Which is my real beef here: Somewhere along the line, the name Kimpton garnered a lot of respect from a few high-end properties. So now, there is an expectation that when one chooses a Kimpton, the same level of excellence and high quality hotel experience will exist at all of their properties. That is NOT the case. And I am done trying to find which ones uphold that expectation.Thanks for taking time to provide feedback from your stay. We're sorry to see you weren't fully satisfied and apologize for the issue you experienced with your guestroom. Should your travels bring you back to Chicago, we would welcome the opportunity to provide you with a much improved experience in the future.Amber BertschGuest Experience Manager
The basic king room is on the smaller side, but the bathroom is ultra tiny u can barely function in there. It was still perfect for 2 for a w/e getaway. Great downtown location, within walking distance to the Mag Mile The Metro is jst a couple of blocks away. We stayed the Monaco in January, which has the perfect sized basic king room for two was really nice. Here, the Allegro, the rooms are smaller, but the common spaces lobby are pretty ginormous compared to the 3 other Kimptons, in other cities, that we've stayed . The lobbies are notoriously very tiny. We got a phenomenal rate for this past w/e's stay - 125/nite + 25 per day restaurant/ bar credit. That equals 75 that we used the bar!! But watch-out, the catch is that you have 2 come to the bar/ restaurant daily jst use 25/day not use it all once like we did. BUT they did not tell us that check-in all...... But way to go, Kimpton, they honored it took 75 off! You know how 2 keep the Martins coming back! They're nice, cute quirky, we will back! Oh other review said that the walls were 'paper thin', or too much noise..... We were on the 8th floor had not 1 issue w noise all, AND I am a light sleeper too.Hi Martin's! It's great to see you were able to take advantage of one of our room packages and check out our restaurant 312 Chicago! Feel free to reach out to me directly and we can look into getting you guys upgraded into a larger room for your next visit.Amber BertschGuest Experience Manager
I stayed at the Chicago Allegro for seven nights. Check-in was smooth, room was stylish and clean, everything worked. Nice bar with friendly service at the lobby level (thanks Raphael) and a good breakfast for a reasonable price if you decide to eat in. Good location and great access to all the things you want to do on foot or by public transport. Chris J,we love seeing 5* reviews - thank you! Raphael at Bar Allegro is amazing and we are so happy to have him as part of the team at the Allegro! Hoping you'll be back for some more libations served by him.Iris JungeRooms Director
I have been taking my husband downtown as a Christmas Present for the past few years. We have been trying new hotels on each stay. We have been trying all the Kimpton hotels in Chicago and this year we tried the Hotel Allegro. Hotel Allegro has a beautiful art deco theme, rooms are not large but it is downtown Chicago and the space is used effectively. We knew the secret password that got us a couple of free drinks at the bar. The hotel, like the other Kimpton Hotels offers a cocktail hour where they served sparkling wine and spiked hot chocolate. The spiked hot chocolate was super yummy, went back for a mugful the little tasting glass they gave was not going to cut it. Beds were comfy, shower had great pressure. I would stay and reccomend the hotel. If you take the time you can find all sorts of sitting areas to hang out in. Coffee Hot Chocolate bar in the morning. Check out the various packages they have, we got the room and valet parking rate for 160 on a Saturday night.Hello!Thank you for the wonderful review! It looks like you've hit it all! Thanks for staying with us and surprising your husband for Christmas! We're so happy to hear that you enjoyed the spiked hot chocolate! It's perfect for this time of year! We hope to see you and your husband soon!kimptonlove babyitscoldoutsideRachel RodriguezGuest Experience Manager
My husband and I spent the weekend in Chicago for our anniversary and stayed at this hotel. We were on like the 17th floor. The room was really nice and the staff was very accomodating. The hotel is very clean. We got stuck in traffic for 3 hrs in indiana on the way to the hotel and I called to let them know we wouldn't be there until midnight rather than 9pm. they checked me in over the phone, it was simple and took less than 2 minutes. The free breakfast is fruit, tea, coffee, water, and granola but it's free so no complaining. :) the room was bigger than I expected considering we were in downtown. The location cannot be beat! It was like 5 blocks from Willis tower and if you walk to the right from the hotel, you run straight into millennium park! The famous Chicago theater is just 3 blocks away. Hard rock cafe and portillos are like 7 blocks. Giordanos is also pretty close. Actually, everything is close. We did not pay to park at the hotel but parked at a garage across the street which was cheaper. It was less like 80 for the weekend, we parked our car and didn't drive again until we drove home. It's pretty easy to find the hotel and pretty easy to get back to the highway too.
After returning from Chicago and a stay at the Hotel Allegro, celebrating my partner's birthday, I can't say enough good things about the hotel. While our check-in was a little rocky with a staff member who was a bit terse ( though solely trying to deal with what seemed to be a security issue), overall our stay was great. Staff even had candies, nuts and beer in the room, with a hand-written card waiting for us in our room, as a birthday gift for my husband. The hotel has recently been updated but stays true to its Theater district roots. Modern Art Deco design adorns throughout, while still giving this hotel an old world classy feeling. However, note standard rooms are smaller than the average sizes today, though you will have just enough space to not feel cramp.
We came downtown for my sisters bachelorette weekend and decided to stay here. What a great decision. Centrally located in the loop close to restaurants, theaters and shopping. The hotel is exquisite in its decor. The staff can not be anymore friendly and ready to accommodate you. Every evening between 5-6pm with your room key there is free Proseco or Sangria in the lobby bar area. And believe me all the guests take advantage of it. Right now they are doing a bit of construction so there are some noisy periods but besides that no complaints. Rooms decent size for downtown. Love their amenities. Bonus there is a Starbucks connected to the hotel on the first floor. I usually am not disappointed by a Kimpton property and I can add this one to the list. Great customer service and a charming art deco vibe is what we aim for! Thanks for staying with us. We work hard to make our guests happy and appreciate your feedback!
I can't speak to everything as I was not on site. My understanding is that the event went off, without any issues. Having never hosted there before, more information up front would have been helpful, 1) who's our point of contact while we are there, if we have issues, 2) who's handling the catering, 3) who do we contact if the AV isn't working. Thanks for staying with us. I am sorry that some of the key information was not relayed properly. We work hard to make our guests happy and appreciate your feedback. We will be passing this along to our department managers to ensure future events run smoothly!
The lobby is really nice, letting you revive the 1920's atmosphere. Unfortunately, the room we had was a bit smaller as expected, in particular with respect to the hotel's category.Complementary coffee in the morning and champagne in the evenings are a very nice offer. Take the occasion to enjoy the lobby's atmosphereThanks for taking time to enhance our online reputation! We're delighted to see you were able to bask in the opulence of our lobby and take advantage of our nightly social hour. The rooms are a bit cozy, which is what you get in a historic 1920's building along with the charm! Thanks again and we hope to see you again in the future!Amber BertschGuest Experience Manager
This place is so well located, you can take the blue line from the airport straight here and its a 4 min walk, with no changes.You are also so close to the river and next door to Les Miserables show at the moment, its easy to get around by walking or on the bus from here.Rooms are nice and free prosseco goes down well every day at 5pm.Great Art Deco feelHighly recommendedHello! We truly appreciate you taking the time to provide your comments. The Allegro is fortunate to have such a convenient location to share with all of its guests to make city livin' easy. Our staff (and complimentary Prosecco) will always be here to welcome you back!
My husband and I absolutely loved our stay at Allegro. It was a great location, the staff was friendly and the room was fantastic. We paid for an upgrade once we got there and I'm so glad we did, the room was spacious and I slept like a rock! I would definitely stay there again. The only drawback is that everything around the hotel closes relatively early so make sure to grab dinner early or plan to go to another area of the city.Hey Natalieaz9!Thanks for the 5 star review!! I'm so happy to hear that you enjoyed your upgraded room and slept like a rock! What's better than that! We hope to see you again soon!Rachel RodriguezFront Office Manager
The Concierge, David Moore, was above and beyond accomodating and welcoming to set me up with everything I needed for my work trip. He was miraculously familiar with the nature of my work and my recent health condition, and I was touched and delighted to find that while I was out, he tailored our room to accomodate my special needs so that I could thrive, personally and professionally, during my stay at the Kimpton Allegro. I look forward to staying there again during my next visit, and I hope he gets a magnificent raise before then. Also, the beds and bathrobes were supremely comfortable. 3Hello! We truly appreciate you taking the time to write this review about your stay. I am thrilled to hear that David gave you a spectacular experience and we are so proud to have him as part of our team! I will be sure to pass along your feedback to him. We hope to welcome you back soon to provide you with another great stay!
Great room and we'll looked after by staff, first visit to Chicago and could not have picked a better hotel, staff so pleasant and can't do enough to make your stay so great.The lobby has a bar and great music for you to relax, the decor is great and makes you feel so relaxed.Glad we nailed it and we look forward to seeing you again soon!Amber BertschGuest Experience Manager
We recently had a great stay at the Hotel Allegro. Upon arriving, it is like traveling back in time as you are greeted by a grand staircase! The staff was warm and helpful from the front desk to the concierge to the bell man. Although I had the idea that the rooms were on the small side, our original room seemed smaller (and not accurately represented on their website) than I had expected. I inquired about it at the front desk and the lovely young woman who helped me (I am awfully sorry I do not remember her name to give her recognition!) was amazing. She said although it appeared that the category of the room was correct, she said that she was surprised that we had not been upgraded as Inner Circle members. She immediately switched our room to a much larger king suite. We really appreciate this kind of service! The location of the Hotel Allegro is central: in the Loop, walkable to shopping, Millennium Park, and restaurants, block or so from Clark/Lake Blue Line to the airport. We would definitely stay again!Hello!We're so happy to hear that you had great interactions with our team and that were able to get upgraded and enjoy your sweet suite! We look forward to seeing you again soon!Happy holidays!Rachel RodriguezGuest Experience Manager
I can't say enough about this boutique hotel in the center of all the action. This hotel has been recently updated and it's even cleaner, prettier, and friendlier than it was. Everyone has a smile and is always trying to make your stay perfect. They upgraded us because they knew it was our 40th anniversary. Cassie at the front desk remembered us each day when we entered the lobby. People of all sorts , with pets, with kids, same sex couples, young and old. I love the wonderful mix of incredible people. This is how Chicago should be seen. And you are only steps from the best shopping in town on state street and the best theater in the Midwest. You will feel safe and comfortable and you will return....
I'll start by saying if you're looking for over the top, extraordinary, then this is not the hotel for you. But, if you're looking for something that is clean, has a great art deco fitout, and in a TERRIFIC location, then keep reading. Location - in the Theatre District which means that all the major theatres are easy to walk to. Millenium Park is about a 7 minute walk. The Magnificent Mile is about 15 mins walk (could probably walk faster if people didn't walk 3 abreast the path).Rooms - we had a room on the 5th floor. It was fine, bathroom a bit small with very little counterspace. Beware - the bottles of water left out on the desk are NOT free. Bed was very comfortable. Pillows were awful - either little more than some cotton wool bunched together or a huge bag of cement. Rooms were quiet. There was evidence in the hallway of someone's big night out a couple of rooms down but we didn't hear a thing. Staff - polite enough, but nothing special. Great to let us have the room a bit earlier than regulation checkin. The late checkout is very handy. They can keep your bags for you while you wander the city. Concierge were particularly helpful but no one else could help with directions to theatres, bars etc. Disappointing. Valet car parking - at 63/night, it's definitely not cheap, but they will hold your car until 6pm which is great if you're catching a matinee show somewhere. There are plenty of self park lots nearby. Would we stay here again Probably!Happy to hear you enjoyed your stay and were able to take advantage of our excellent downtown location! Thanks again for choosing our hotel and we look forward to welcoming you back in the future!
One of my favorite places to stay in Chicago. The rooms are small, but the atmosphere and service is outstanding. This was recently redecorated and maintains is classic art deco style. Close to theaters, the river and walking distance to downtown. Adjacent 312 restaurants serves consistently great food.Friendly and comfortable is what we aim for and we are very proud of the team we have! The rooms are a bit cozy, which is what you get in a historic 1920's building along with the charm! Amber BertschGuest Experience Manager
This is the 2nd time that I have stayed at Hotel Allegro. The hotel went thru an extensive remodel since the last time that I stayed here. Front Desk Service is 1st rate all the way and the Front Desk Personnel was very courteous and polite. My room was located on the 11th floor facing Randolph Street. The room was decor was to my taste and the bathroom was spotless. If your in Chicago on your visit I highly and strongly recommend this wonderful hotel..We appreciate you taking the time to write this review! Your feedback is truly valued. It's wonderful to see that you've enjoyed your stays with us. Our staff looks forward to welcoming you back in the future!
High points The Allegro hotel is like going back in time. The lobby is beautifully restored art Deco with modern amenities. Fireplace is wonderful and there are multiple seating areas. Staff is friendly, attentive and efficient. Rooms are spacious, small bathrooms but excellent water pressure in shower. Beds and pillows excellent. Hotel robes are luscious. Low point:Virtually no closet since it is about 6 inches deep and clothes must hang sideways.Extra points Complimentary bubbly in lobby in afternoon!Thanks for the great review! We're pleased to see you enjoyed your stay with us and took the time to mix and mingle during our complimentary social hour! Come back to see us again soon!Amber BertschGuest Experience Manager
We spent two nights (Fri/Sat) at the Kimpton Hotel Allegro while seeing 2 shows in Chicago. Access from O'Hare to the hotel by train was easy, The hotel let us check in early and the room was very nice. They have a 5pm champaign happy hour that we attended both nice and ended up meeting and having great conversations with other guests. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful with recommendations, especially when it rained all day on Saturday and we had already been to the usual museums on previous trips. The only negative was the slow elevators with only 2 of the 3 being operational.Hello! Thank you kindly for taking the time to review our hotel. While we are pleased to see that you had a positive stay overall, we offer our apologies for the poor service of the elevators during you're stay. We are in the process of remodeling our elevators now so that we may better serve our guests. We hope to welcome you back for an improved experience in the future!
I stayed here two nights for work. This is such a great location - right next to the Chicago Palace theatre. The room was so modern and well light. Loved the decor and instantly loved it. I could also get out of the hotel and walk to a lot of places. Starbucks is right next door - so it was easy to grab coffee in the morning. HAppy hour was awesome - so definitely don't miss it. They had sangria, wine and beer! Overall had a great experience and will definitely be back again!
This was my second five-night stay for business. My room this time was a tad bigger with more shelving in the bathroom to accommodate my toiletries. This was a HUGE plus. Traveling in the middle of winter, the rates are phenomenal for this beautiful hotel and loop location! I'm able to easily walk to and from place of business each day. The staff is always friendly and attentive. The accommodations are above average in every way. The bed is extremely comfortable with high quality sheets. My housekeeper was excellent (absolutely the best I've had) ANTICIPATING my needs. How often does that happenWhat a wonderful review! Thanks for continually choosing our hotel and we look forward to seeing you in the future!Amber BertschGuest Experience Manager
In the heart of the theatre district this is one of the oldest hotels in Chicago. and is ideally placed to tour downtown.if you arrive at O'Hare International Airport there's no need to pay a high taxi fare (unless perhaps you are loaded with bags!) Use the CTA train from Terminal 2 which, for 5 dollars takes you to Clarke and Lake where the hotel is situated just down the street, a 3 minute walk. This worked well for us.The hotel is clean and rooms comfortable but is showing signs of age in some of the dcor but perhaps this adds to its old world charm. Staff were pleasant and helpful and complimentary coffee in the lobby was a nice touch.There is no restaurant at this hotel but there is an arrangement with the restaurant next door. We were catching a night train so didn't get to try the breakfast.The bed was comfortable and was welcome after a long flight.Complimentary dressing gowns in the bathroom offered that little extra luxury.The mini bar was extensively stocked but like all hotels, expensive!I'd certainy recommend this hotel as a base for exploring as anywhere downtown is within easy walking distance and local transport for further afield is easy.Good Afternoon,A charming art deco vibe is what we aim for! Thanks for staying with us. We work hard to make our guests happy and appreciate your feedback!
We love Hotel Allegro. We have never taken our dog, but we love that the property is so pet friendly. The wine hour in the lobby is a great place to enjoy watching other guests mingle with their pets in tow. The property is always clean and the dcor is fresh and modern. We have always been impressed with our rooms, the check-in, check-out procedure and the friendly staff. There are several greats restaurants there in the theater district as well. Overall, a great place to stay for the money.
Hotel Allegro is a unique hotel with nice rooms at a sensible price. They do not have room service but there is a Starbucks on the ground level. The continental breakfast is just right and easy to grab on your way out in the morning.
Nice comfortable bed. Our clean Room was nice and the size was normal for a boutique hotel. Service was first class. Very busy. Great location very near to the theater district. we were able to easily walk to anywhere we wanted to go in downtown Chicago.Glad we nailed it and we look forward to seeing you again soon!Amber BertschGuest Experience Manager
After a long day in meetings it's nice to know that my room was clean, comfortable, well decorated in artful and colorful furniture pieces. Unique room decors, tasteful and different great for the frequent traveler !Loved the robes provided, linen and bed was comfortable as well as oversized. Full snack and beverage purchase available in the room.Great location to the train to the airport as well as to other areas of Chicago.A must visit on your next Chicago business or fun trip.Thanks for the excellent review! We're delighted to see you enjoyed your stay and our Frette linens and robes and we look forward to seeing you again in the future!Amber BertschGuest Experience Manager
Have been there for 2 weeks, pretty well located in the Loop and close to my office.Rooms are smart and well furnished ... cleaning is ok ... bathroom perfect! Just a minor: no breakfast... just tea and coffee freely provided ... but Starbucks is almost in the hotel :)
I must begin by thanking the guest services staff who worked pleasantly to return a jacket I accidentally left in my room closet! Michael and Bridget were beyond gracious when I phoned to ask if the items could be found and then shipped to my home. Their attitudes and attention were lovely! Our Thanksgiving weekend was very pleasant due to the fun atmosphere and beautiful Gatsby-ish decor along with the great staff. We enjoyed prosecco and hot toddies in the evenings and wonderful continental breakfast at the hotel restaurant. Our room on the 12th floor was quiet and the elevator service was great. We simply cannot praise this hotel enough! There were many nice conversation areas sprinkled around the lobby which were inviting and provided nice areas to enjoy the holiday decorations! Be sure to join the Kimpton Rewards program for free WiFi and credit for the minibar! Dont hesitate to book this great downtown/theatre district hotel!Thank you for taking the time to provide your feedback. It is great to hear that our staff was able to assist in returning your jacket to you! And we are happy that you enjoyed your stay overall - from the 20's style lobby and Prosecco hour to our Italian restaurant and convenient location. We hope to welcome you back soon!
This is the third time we have stayed at the Allegro and it won't be the last. The staff were the best. From front desk to bartenders every thing was GREAT. The location was also excellent, near restaurants, theaters and shopping.Hey Jay J!WOOO! I love seeing reviews like this! The third time was a charm! We look forward to seeing you again soon! Thank you for the awesome comments about the staff! I'd have to say they are the best team around! Rachel RodriguezGuest Experience Manager
Came here with family and dog for 2 nights on New Years Eve. Wine / champagne reception was fun with lots of room to spread out. Room was comfortable. Bathroom tiny. Not much of a view. Our dog loved the room and was very excited to be here. Love the Kimpton hotels. Starbucks next door, but not too much else around for dining. Hello Dragonfly1004,We are so happy you, your family, and pup enjoyed your time with us, especially at our social hour! Unfortunately being downtown in the city, some of the buildings block the views. Hopefully you visit us again soon. Also, our concierge team would love to recommend dining options in the area for your next trip!Rachel RodriguezGuest Experience Manager
Great centrally located hotel, but the highlight is the customer service. Shoutout to Caitlin from the concierge team, super helpful before my arrival. Every team member was super helpful and the room was well appointed. Clean and great bathroom amenities. There is construction happening, but did not experience any noise during my stay. They were proactive and placed a letter and ear plugs in the room to help. Great to see a hotel try to get ahead of an opportunity outside of their control. Another added bonus was the complimentary coffee station the lobby each morning, simple and nice touch. Very happy with this stay and will return again when heading back to Chicago. Thank you for taking the time to complete this review! The Allegro is fortunate to have such a friendly and helpful staff to accommodate guests. We really appreciate your comments about the construction, as well. We are constantly thinking of new ways to ensure that this city-mandated project does not negatively impact the guest experience we provide. If your travels bring you back to the city, we hope to welcome you back!
The Hotel Allegro is an older hotel that has been renovated in the heart of the Chicago Loop. The location is ideal for theater goers and has easy access to public transport and cabs. The rooms are very well decorated and very clean, and the bed was wonderful. The Atelier Bloom amenities are nice, and the cheetah bathrobe is a fun touch. The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is for the very small rooms and slow elevators, both likely as a result of it being a historic property. If you are traveling solo or are a close couple without a lot of luggage you should be ok, otherwise you should probably consider a roomier option.Hi there jpinedo! Thanks for taking the time to enhance our online reputation! Wonderful to hear you enjoyed your stay with us and took the cheetah robe for a spin. Good news, our Atelier Bloem products will soon be available on our KimptonStyle.com website for purchase, so you can have a little piece of Kimpton with you all the time! Should a return visit be in the future, feel free to reach out to me directly and we see about upgrading you into one of our larger rooms! Amber BertschGuest Experience Manager
My queen room was compact, but beautifully decorated. Small bathroom with luxurious finishes. Very comfortable, only downside is no room service, it would ave been nice for breakfast. Pleasantly surprised at how quiet the room was, no noise from the street.Hi Kimberly, Thank you for your feedback! We apologize about not having room service, but we hope you were able to enjoy a meal in our restaurant, 312 Chicago! We look forward to seeing you again! Happy holidays, Rachel Rodriguez Guest Experience Manager
Do not stay at the hotel Allegro if you value professional courtesy, stable internet connections, or not being subjected to overhearing whatever television show or casual conversation in which the next room is engaged. The beds are small as well. If you're over 6 ft like me, stay somewhere else. Most infuriating of all was my experience with the internet. It was down consistently. It turns out that there was an issue with the router on my floor -- which in and of itself is not a deal breaker. But they asked me to call their tech support staff, which is odd because the guests shouldn't be the ones troubleshooting internet connectivity. I spoke with the technician for around 25 minutes before he figured out the cause. By this point, the meeting that I was supposed to be attending via teleconference was almost halfway over. I marched to the front desk and asked for a new room and was made to feel like a criminal. One of the desk staff actually smirked at me as I described my difficulties. I lost business because I stayed here. Do yourself a favor and don't make the mistake of staying at the Hotel Allegro.Ouch! I'm so sorry to hear that your internet connection was so unstable and that you missed the conference call that you were supposed to attend. As a business traveler, I completely understand the frustration of poor internet. Please reach out to me at rachel.rodriguezallegrochicago.com so we can discuss this matter and come up with a resolution. Rachel RodriguezFront Office Manager
What a great hotel! The decor and architecture is an exceptional mix of modern and vintage. The location was perfect for catching a show, as it is in Chicago's theater district. Our room was comfortable, although the bathroom was very small. They brought a Keurig to the room upon request. I cannot say enough about the porters/greeters/concierge - they were classy and helpful and kind.Friendly and comfortable is what we aim for and we're so proud of our team! The rooms are a bit cozy, which is what you get in a historic 1920's building along with the charm! Come back soon!Amber BertschGuest Experience Manager
I arrived in the lobby of the beautiful Kimpton Allegro on a busy Saturday night looking for a group of friends. Immediately, Sandy Gallagher (The Guest Experience Manager what a great job title!) asked if I needed some help. She escorted me around to all the hidden little intimate alcoves of the lobby until I found my group. Wow!We truly appreciate you writing this review on your stay! I'm so glad I was able to make a great first impression for our hotel. It was a pleasure meeting you, and we look forward to welcoming you back soon!
This is a nice boutique hotel with the usual Kimpton style. The hotel is conveniently located in the Loop, within walking distance of all major attractions. The bed was super comfortable and the room quite clean. In typical Kimpton style, fruit infused water and iced tea are available in the lobby, prosecco and / or Aperol Spritzes are served from 5-6, and a chocolate sampling is available on Saturday. More good - a nice bar, ample sitting room, and a great staff... shout out to Mariah at the front desk... she's great. Two issues - (1) the bathroom is crazy small... I had a bigger one in NYC... and (2) we were out of the room from 9-3:30 and the room wasn't cleaned... After contacting the hotel they promptly cleaned the room and sent some goodies to appologize. Overall, I think this is a great property and look forward to visiting again.Thanks for the comprehensive review of our hotel! I'm pleased to see there were several aspects of your stay that you enjoyed and that you were able to take advantage of some of our offerings. Should your travels bring you back to Chicago, feel free to reach out to me directly and I can get you in a room with a larger bathroom to ensure maximum comfort! As for housekeeping, I would suggest letting us know when you prefer service when you arrive so we can best arrange a time with housekeeping during the busy summer season. Thanks again for choosing our hotel and we look forward to seeing you sometime in the future!Amber BertschGuest Experience Manager
Always consistent, always take great care of us and a fabulous property! Sales and event staff - can't say enough. They are a true partner and always anticipate our needs. As a meeting planner, this is one of my favorite hotels - and we book across the county and globally, daily.Thanks for the great feedback from your experiences at our property! We are lucky to have a great team and we look forward to serving you again in the future!Amber BertschGuest Experience Manager
Amazing stay at the Kimpton properties. Staff was extremely pleasant as soon as we checked in. Provided a cute puppy welcome bag with treats and pet friendly locations. Also pet bed ans bowls are available upon request. Celebrated bday outing and dropped off mini cupcakes and a hand written card. Complimentary cocktail social was great. Would highly recommend to those traveling with pets (no fees) and in an amazing location! Rooms were comfy and plush Happy to hear you enjoyed your stay and were able to take advantage of our excellent downtown location and complimentary pet amenities! Thanks again for choosing our hotel and we look forward to welcoming you and your pooch back in the future! Amber Bertsch Guest Experience Manager
Our third stay. Well maintained, great staff, nice bar, rooms are great if on the small side but that's the norm in Chicago. Easy walking distance to the park and river and plenty of good places to eat and drink
I am an IHG Spire member and when IHG integrated the acquired Kimpton Hotel in 2018, I decided to try one and this is my first Kimpton and I had a great experience. The room is large, very clean, well appointed and super comfortable. Everything is a notch higher than the usual IHG brands - even the bathroom amenity is of very high quality.The hotel is in a great location but can be a challenge for getting food in the evening, and it is very convenient for transportation. Blue Line station bound for the O'Hare Airport is about 2 blocks away and it made catching my morning flight way easier than I expected.I would definitely come back again on my next business trip.
What you get for the price is a steal of a deal. The decorations are very unique classy so I loved it visually. The staff are very friendly and helpful. They keep the grounds very clean and up to date. The rooms, are small, but that didn't bother me as I wasn't there to spend time in my room. The bathroom was beautiful and very clean, yet again, small. The walls are thin, so if anyone talks loudly, you can hear them. I loved that the offer complimentary wine every evening, with generous portions. I would go back because location, cleanliness and staff, it was well worth the price I paid. Thanks for the nice time!Thanks for the lovely review! We're happy to see you were able to take advantage of our daily social hour and we hope to see you again in the future!Amber BertschGuest Experience Manager
Loved this hotel. I stayed her on business a few months ago. It's a great location. And you can walk to almost anywhere from here. The bar is really nice and they do happy hour too! The hotel is a little older but super well maintained. The wifi is great too. Rooms are therefore not your standard USA size, a little smaller, think European Chain type sizes. Breakfast in the restaurant was great, service a little low but worth the wait.Happy to hear you enjoyed your stay and we look forward to welcoming you back in the future!Amber BertschGuest Experience Manager
Nice blend of old art deco and modern kimpton fiunk. rooms were nicely proportioned, wonderful lobby ( which is now even better after the renovation) in a very central location with easy access to theatre/restaurants/transport. The staff also stepped up to make a great experience during a hectic conference week. Our group also managed to check out the group-meeting catering and rooms which was also excellent. This could be my favorite chicago Kimpton.
From the front desk to the housekeeping staff, everyone was friendly and helpful. The property (especially the lobby area) is reflective of scene out of a classic 40's/50's movie...really cool! You enter through the street level, but you take the stairs or elevator up to the first floor where the lobby, check-in desk, bar and restaurants are located. There are 3 elevators, pretty busy during the 'rush' like check-in and check-out times, but most of the time we never had to wait too long to get into one. It helped that our room was on the 4th floor. Our room was nice, but anticipate it to be a little smaller than most, particularly the bathroom. This wasn't an issue for my husband and I, but had we brought our kid it'd have been tight. Bed was comfortable, and most of the usual amenities that you'd expect are available in the room. We LOVE the bath products...smelled marvelous! Had to request for a few more so we could take them back to Dallas with us, lol! Our room was located close to the elevator and in front of the ice machine room, but surprisingly we were never bothered by noise (and I'm a light sleeper). The rooms seemed sound-proof because we hardly heard the outside traffic noise or even from the loop train nearby. Also have to note that this hotel's location is on point. It is located in the financial/business area so keep in mind that most restaurants have limited hours during weekdays and are closed on the weekends. But we practically walked everywhere--fairly short distances to both Millennium Park area and the Magnificent Mile where you can find everything else. Also, we took the Blue line directly from O'Hare airport, and the Clark/Lake station where you'd get off is a short walk couple of blocks away from the hotel. So convenient!!Overall a very pleasant and comfortable stay. We love Chicago, and hope to return to this hotel to stay due to the lovely service we've received and how greatly located it is to everything. Wouldn't have done it any other way.Friendly and comfortable is what we aim for and we're so proud of our team! The rooms are a bit cozy, which is what you get in a historic 1920's building along with the charm! Come back soon!Amber BertschGuest Experience Manager
My husband and I were impressed with Kimpton Allegro's Art Deco decor, cleanliness service. Conveniently located in downtown Chicago just a 45min ride on the L (blue-line) away from the airport. Kimpton hotels never let us down!Happy to hear you enjoyed your stay and were able to take advantage of our excellent downtown location! Thanks again for choosing our hotel and we look forward to welcoming you back in the future! Amber Bertsch Guest Experience Manager
This hotel placed in the middle of Chicago has its inconveniences. Directly placed next to overground trains you see and hear them - all time. Walking me up every night at 4 am , no need for a wake up call.Paper thin walls (I can hear my neighbors conversations do not add to the comfort. I think this Is also the smallest hotel room I have ever been in in the US. The closet is not even wide even to hang your shirts.It is clean an proper looking but there are things you cannot make up for.Thank you so much for taking the time to provide feedback on your stay. I'm sorry to see that you had a negative experience at our hotel! Should you stay with us again, we could place you on a high floor away from street noise and the train. We have larger rooms, as well, such as our King Premier that would provide you with the extra space you're looking for. We would love the opportunity to offer you a much improved stay in the future!
Our room was huge, which was not what I was expecting in the first place. The staff was INCREDIBLE accommodating and so unbelievably nice. I needed help storing a cake for a wedding I was in town for, and without question they helped me bring it down to the kitchen's fridge, and then back up again when I needed it. They were SO nice! The view was great as well. Can't say enough good things.Hi Caitlin! Thank you very much for taking the time to write this review. We love to see that you had a five-star experience! We are truly fortunate to have such a friendly staff who are eager to help with whatever you need. Come back and see us soon!
Kimpton hotels can be hit and miss. This one was a hit. Great property and location. Comfy room. Awesome pillows. Fancy soaps. I got the accessible bathroom and it was huge. The breakfast at the attached restaurant (312 Chicago) was hotel-pricey but very excellent. Short Rib Hash was greeeattt. Bar scene was hoppin' when I checked in late.
Excellent experience with all staff we were involved with. I am in love with the Allegro! Had not been a fan of Art Deco until my visit at the Allegro. Beautiful everywhere I went! The bed was very comfortable, clean room.Hi Connie! Thank you for taking the time to write this review! We are so pleased to see you enjoyed your time with us during the Reflexology conference. It was a pleasure to host your group and we hope you to welcome you back for any future trips to Chicago!
It somehow all works--the blacks and reds and silvers. The staircase to the second floor check-in (elevator also available of course), the lounging furniture in the bar area, and the pictures of flappers. It could have so easily fallen into Addams Family ambience or seedy/dark vibe, but the Allegro is a welcome relief from the stark modern, very utilitarian or hyperbolic opulence of other Chicago hotels. It is located on West Randolph next to the Palace Theater and 312 restaurant. It's an easy walk to shopping, great restaurants, the Art Institute, etc. The bed was great with four fabulous pillows. Plenty of outlets, a small but perfect bathroom with a good shower and a bath mat secured with a black ribbon. There's a chain lock on the door that provides extra privacy. The room was super quiet most of the time but it was a quiet weekend in the city. I was there alone and I think the room would feel a bit small for two people. The bar area was spacious decent wines by the glass at Chicago prices (15) and a decent bar menu. If you sit at the bar, prepare to mingle with the 20 and 30-somethings. Otherwise, take your drink to a quiet corner. They do a happy hour with prosecco and Pellegrino and there is coffee in the lobby in the morning. The place has the nicest doormen--right up there with the Magnolia in Memphis. Definitely worth a stay!Hey jhartig1!Thanks for your great review from your time with us at the Hotel Allegro! During the renovation, we definitely strived to capture the old glamour that our 1920's buildiong naturally has, so I'm happy to hear we were successful! Should your travels bring you back to Chicago, we do offer larger guestrooms that accommodate multiple people. Let me know if you need any assistance with future bookings and we hope to see you again in the future!Amber BertschGuest Experience Manager
This was the second time I stayed here. The first time everything was fine. This time in room 1509, the neighbors on each side were very loud. The first night on one side I called the front desk and they eventually quieted down. The third night was horrible! We called the front desk 3 times around 11 AM and the people never quieted down. We had to play music to fall asleep. Then at 3:30 AM they were noisy again. When we called again, the new front desk person was not aware of the issue. She offered to move us, but at that point with an early departure, it wasnt worth it. They claimed they sent security, but no results. They said they would refund my room, but in the morning, when I mentioned our problem to the front desk person, she made no mention of it and I had to run to catch a plane.If you are a heavy sleeper, it is a very nice hotel. Small city-size rooms are nicely decorated. Beds are comfortable. They have a nice lobby bar with alcoves where groups can meet. Lucy, the bartender, is very nice and provided excellent service to our group the first time we stayed there. She was very friendly this time as well. From 5-6pm, they offer a free wine happy hour, so the ambiance is nice and lively. No room service, but the lobby bar offers snacks you can bring up to the room. We wanted to schedule our annual company meeting there but although they had well-appointed conference rooms, the catering restrictions were insurmountable. We had a group of 10 people, and they had the perfect room, but wouldnt offer a good value for the forced catering spend. We ended up getting a room at Riva on the Navy Pier, and had a continental breakfast and three course lunch and excellent service vs. a very skimpy offering at Allegro for the same spend. It would have been so much easier to keep it all in the same place, but just not worth it. If you have money to burn on a large expense account, it would probably be a nice place for a conference, as long as your guests are heavy sleepers.If you are traveling and are a heavy sleeper, it is a nice hotel. The thin walls were really puzzling and disappointing.
We were here for three nights and many plus points I.e. prosecco event, location.However the rooms are dark, the interior designer should visit Miami for inspiration for lighter colours. Who wants to stay in a room decorated with black, brown and swirled brown patterns. We could not read in bed, yes guests do like to read! My husband is elderly and the Sunday morning receptionist was quite abrupt with him. Twice he asked her questions and she shot back I dont understand you. We are English fgs. So rude of her.We like the Kimpton brand but this was a disappointment.Thank you for taking time to provide feedback from your stay. We're sorry to see you didn't fully enjoy your stay and weren't a fan of our decor. We would love to discuss your experience directly, if you could reach out at your earliest convenience! Amber Bertsch Guest Experience Manager
I stayed at this hotel for business when I had to work late one night and needed to stay in the city. I chose this hotel because my company had just had their quarterly meeting here and I thought it was very nice. Check in was easy and everyone was very friendly. I love the dcor. Upon check in I was given a 10 bar card to use either at the bar or from the mini bar. I ordered a salad to go and took it to my room to eat. The room is decorated so cute. I loved it. I had the queen room and it is very small. It was fine for me but might be a bit tight if you had another person. I chose a drink from the mini bar to use my free 10. The next morning I filled out my free drink card and even took down my list of bar items as it said to do upon check to make sure I was credited for the correct item. I was asked if I wanted to use the other part of my 10.00 towards my salad and I said sure, I guess. No problem...finished my check out and headed to work. Today I check my bank account and I have two charges...one for the original amount including the hold, and another for the amount I actually paid when I checked out. When I called and asked why I was charged twice, they said well...instead of refunding you the 3.00 on the salad they did a full refund and full charge. Well guess what, this doesn't work well.....I now have two hotel charges and no refunds, as it takes several days before the refund hits your bank. I could have cared less about the 3.00, especially had I known how much of my bank account it would eat up. Luckily I had it in the bank, but I need it...I don't have a ton of extra money to just tie up an extra 172.00 for a 3.00 refund. I think this is a horrible practice and I certainly should have been told about it upfront. I am not sure if I will stay here again, I do not like to have my money messed with. :( Very disappointed.Ouch! This makes me upset to read. I'm sorry that a great experience turned out to be a disappointment. Can you please reach out to me via email at rachel.rodriguezallegrochicago.com so I can review your bill and make sure everything is taken care of the right way and make things right. I look forward to hearing from you.Rachel RodriguezGuest Experience Manager
Allegro was not really what I expected. Rooms hallways were dull, drab and darkish. Bathrooms were extremely small, had to remove the garbage can to move around without tripping over it. Bar/Lounge area was just average. Not a lot of sitting area, if there's a large group. Bar tenders were nice. For the price I did expect more. Location was however good, as it was towards central downtown, and many thing were within walking distance, minuets from the rail-train. If you are into Old Historical Hotel, this may be the hotel for you, but I'm not.Because this was a business trip, and I did spend very little time in the hotel and room, it was average. If on vacation would definitely choose a more modern Hotel.Thanks for taking time to review your stay with us. I'm disappointed to see you did not enjoy your stay with us. As we are in a historic 1920's building, we aimed to put a modern twist on the classic art deco decor of that era, however we understand not everyone can appreciate that style, however I'm glad to see you were able to take advantage of our excellent location. Thanks again for providing feedback from your stay and safe travels in the future.Amber BertschGuest Experience Manager
Kimpton hotels are my go to and the Allegro and their staff are among the best. Came to Chicago with my husband and family for my husband's 50th birthday weekend. I had let them know about it ahead of time and theConcierge had a special present waiting for him! He was beyond pleased and delighted)The concierge also recommended a great restaurant nearby for lunch. And of course the cocktail hour and morning coffee are lovely as well. Thanks to the staff of the Allegro for a long overdue and wonderful weekend!Glad we nailed it and we look forward to seeing you again soon!Amber BertschGuest Experience Manager
Stayed here for a large trade show because its conveniently located to many restaurants and other places I needed to be. In true Kimpton form, the property was well-appointed and exceptionally clean. And the staff was wonderful.Despite a contract dispute with the housekeeping union (which affected many other hotels around the city), they were very accommodating. I was only in for 2 nights so didnt really mind making my own bed, and they readily offered to provide clean towels.As is the case In most urban hotels, the bathroom was very small, but they made the most of the available space. The work desk was fine for my needs and there were plenty of outlets for charging devices.Id definitely stay here again.Great customer service is what we aim for! Thanks for your loyalty to Kimpton and staying with us! We work hard to make our guests happy and appreciate your feedback!
My husband and I really loved our experience at the Kimpton. We were delighted about the complimentary happy hour and loved the lounge atmosphere. The room and bathroom though a little small had a very nice large tv and super comfy beds. I didn't particularly like the bathroom French doors which were a bit awkward. The closet even holds a nice yoga mat but I can see difficulty in doing yoga in such a small room!The fitness facility was excellent but unfortunately we didn't have any time to use it!Thanks for the review! We're delighted to see you enjoyed your first time with us and we look forward to making you loyal Kimptonites! :)Amber BertschGuest Experience Manager
This is my first stay in Chicago. the location was within walking distance to most things I wanted to visit. The front desk staff is great and willing to answer any questions. We were on the 19th floor and our room was very quiet. The rooms are on the small side but I expect that in most large cities. I loved being able to take out the bikes to explore the city. Become a Kimpton rewards member as it comes with many perks.Glad we nailed it and we look forward to seeing you again soon!Amber BertschGuest Experience Manager
Nice boutique hotel in the theater district. Great location. Pricey. Rooms are on the small side but very nice and clean. Hotel has a restaurant and bar. Starr are very friendly and helpful. Would love to stay again on my next trip to Chicago!!!Thank you for taking the time to enhance our online reputation! I'm so pleased to see you enjoyed your stay with us and had time to check out Bar Allegro and 312 Chicago! Thanks again for choosing our hotel and we look forward to seeing you again in the future!Amber BertschGuest Experience Manager
This is a very historic building and they have done a very nice job keeping it up to date for the needs of the modern traveler. The lobby and common areas are very inviting. The sleeping rooms however are on the small side given they were built for different times and different body sizes back in the day. We were very comfortable, the bed was great but it might get a little tight if you're a couple staying here more than one night. One interesting thing and being we wanted to sleep in on Sunday morning it was fine, is the window for our room opened on a wall about 10 ft. away and the top of the wall was covered which made for a very dark room during the morning. The one down side of staying in this part of town is that the dining options that are open later on a Saturday night are limited. We ended up eating in the 312 Restaurant which is in the hotel and it was fine but after 8pm on a Saturday night there weren't many others open in this part of town.Would definitely come back here when back in town.Thank you for providing your feedback! We are happy to see that you had an overall positive experience with us. The rooms can be on the cozy side, but we strive to make up for this with historic charm and 20's personality! If you stay with us in the future, we encourage you to request a higher room facing Randolph street so that you may enjoy a bit of a better view. We look forward to welcoming you back!
We went to a showthe theater was literally right next door and ate at the adjoining restaurant. Food was excellent and staff at the hotel wonderful. The rooms are an art deco 20s style and sumptuous. It was a fabulous weekend.Glad we nailed it and we look forward to seeing you again soon! Amber Bertsch Guest Experience Manager
I expected to like this hotel much more because of its luxury positioning, attractive lobby, free Prosecco in the evening, and brand quality, but it really falls short of what I would expect for a higher end hotel. On the plus side, the bed was comfortable and the public areas of the hotel are very attractive. Staff were friendly, though I really didn't feel like they made a lot of effort beyond what was asked of them. Food served at our conference was very good. But on the minus side, the room was so small it was difficult not to trip over my shoes or bump into walls or furniture. The bathroom had just a couple inches of clearance between the toilet and tub, and the toilet and sink on the other side. The sink basin area was so tight that I had to put my hands against the inside of the basin itself for the water from the faucet to hit them because the faucet was, of necessity, fight snugly over the edge of the basin. The closet depth (front to back) was only about 8 inches and hangers, and therefore clothes, only fit at an acute angle (partly sideways). Room walls were thin and one could easily hear normal conversation and the TV from adjacent rooms. Bath towels were threadbare, which was a particular surprise. Although the room itself was clean, there was a lot of dust and some debris in the AC duct on the wall, which should have been cleaned. The room window was small and overlooked buildings (walls) on three sides. A nice enough hotel, but not my idea of upscale.Hello! Thank you for choosing the Allegro we truly value your feedback! I regret to read that you did not thoroughly enjoy your stay with us. Because the hotel was constructed in the 20's, the infrastructure is difficult to significantly change. We always recommend reserving a King Premier room for added space in the bedroom and bathroom. The property is indeed historic, but we work to keep the linens and interior updated regularly to keep the rooms feeling comfortable and fresh. We hope to have the opportunity to provide you with a much improved stay in the future!
We booked our trip through Hotwire. We have excellent results through this website and this trip was no different. We arrived on a Friday morning and we treated like gold throughout our entire stay. LocationThe location is a little far from the Magnificent Mile shopping area but is totally walkable. It took us about 20 minutes to walk up Lasalle and down Wacker to Michigan. Great to get the previous nights cobwebs out of your head. In addition a short walk east on Randolf will bring you to Millennium Park which is were you can find the Chicago Bean and other great attractions. This hotel is smack dab in the middle of the Theatre District so make sure to catch a show while you are there. RoomsWe were able to stay in one of their King rooms which was amazing. We stayed in Rm 1106 and would recommend this room to anyone. It is smaller but plenty of space for clothes and amenities. The room has an iron and ironing board, huge TV and an amazingly comfortable bed. It was extremely clean throughout. Lobby and Hotel AmenitiesWe didn't spend a whole lot of time in the hotel, but it was very nice. Great lounge off the lobby for sitting and relaxing with a drink, surfing the web or finishing up some business. The bar was nice and every night from 5-6 they have free wine sampling.StaffThe front desk staff were great!!! Very helpful and efficient. The house cleaning staff was also quick and efficient and always said hello. Overall this is one of the best hotels we have ever stayed at.Thanks for the comprehensive review of our hotel LuckyPine6! I'm delighted to see there were several aspects of your stay that you enjoyed and were able to take advantage of our amenities! Thanks again for choosing our hotel and we hope to see you again in the future!Amber BertschGuest Experience Manager
The Kimpton Hotel Allegro is a recently renovated older but well maintained Art deco hotel with an excellent location in the downtown/loop area of Chicago. Hotel features funky styling, rooms are small but tasteful in design and layout. Think NYC or European size small with respect to rooms. Clean, comfortable bed, fridge/mini bar in room with in room safe. No coffee makers in the room, but coffee and tea and newspapers available in the lobby, even at 5 am. Nice. Comfortable seats in lobby. Free wifi is available if you are an IHG member or join IHG rewards club. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Complimentary drink (Proseco or Sangria) upon check in. Nice touch. Check in is on the second floor Starbucks on ground floor. There is valet parking, but its pricey. You can park across the street in public lot. Prearrange with Spot Hero to save yourself some money. Great location within walking distance of many great attractions, shopping and restaurants. If youre in the mood for Chicago deep dish pizza, the mecca of deep dish, Lou Malnatis is a short walk (8-10 min) down the street away on North Wells. Millenium Park, Art Institute of Chicago, great shopping all close by and within easy walking distance. Overall, good value for the money and would recommendGlad we nailed it and we look forward to seeing you again soon!
Staff was great. Room was clean and comfortable. Earplugs were left because the construction may be loud, but we didn't have any need for them. Love the wine hour. Love the coffee and tea hour in the mornings. They gave a nice amount of towels and the robes were great. We like Kimpton hotels because each one is different. This one had some nice Art Deco touches. Loved the pretty, cozy spaces in the lobby.Glad we nailed it and we look forward to seeing you again soon!
Spent 45 minutes booking directly with Kimpton, with another 15 directly with the hotel only to discover 30 seconds on TripAdvisor would have yielded a better rate. An no, they don't price match, they just talk around the problem. We arrived to find a room so tiny it didn't even have a closet. We inquired, and I guess closets are for higher level Karma members. Only one robe was met with a promise that we wouldn't be charged for the second (Want a robe each Stay elsewhere.) The nightly screaming and partying from the neighboring room was not met with a room change but an lecture on how thin walls are in Chicago. The second night required security (twice) and no offer of a room change. We shortened our stay because it was so awful the dog, who is the greeter for an internationally known corporation and no stranger to noise, was so tired he couldn't walk, drink or eat. Bringing a dog to this hotel isn't a perk, it's animal abuse. My daughter was so tired and stressed because she was giving a presentation, she started to cry. Now for the amenities: there is coffee in the lobby in the morning because there are no coffee makers in room. Want tea in the evening Go buy some. There is a 10 in room certificate for Karma members, but that's 1 per stay, and the bottled water isn't free, it's 9. Want bottled water Try Walgreens. There is, like most mid level hotels, a wine reception from 5-6 ( shorter than most chains) but unlike most chains, there aren't even pretzels. Want a piece of cheese, fruit, vegetables or a chip Again, Walgreens. If you think this is a boutique hotel interested in offering a great vacation experience, you are very wrong. This is a for profit entity interested in warehousing corporate employees for a profit. There are two reasons to stay here: one is if your company is paying and you don't have a choice (you will then earn your road warrior status) or if there are absolutely no other rooms available in the entire City of Chicago. And then, check TripAdvisor for the best rate. And if there's a problem, don't waste your time complaining or going to management or even contacting corporate. This is a corporate hotel that caters to corporations. Individuals are irrelevant. You will get lip service but they truly couldn't care less.Thanks for taking time to provide feedback from your stay. We're sorry to see you had a less than excellent experience and would love to discuss the issues you experienced further, as this is certainly not the norm for our property. Please feel free to reach out directly at your earliest convenience to discuss. Thanks again for choosing our hotel and we look forward to hearing from you.Amber BertschGuest Experience Manager
Hotel is very convenient to shopping and Millenial Park and Willis Tower. breakfast was delicious and plenty of it. Nice atmosphere. If driving I suggest that you use Park Whiz 217 Washington. Steps from the hotel and much cheaper (25/day) can NOT come and go...MoreThanks Carol R! Nice to see you found a great deal on parking, thanks for sharing! The best way to get around the city is by foot or public transit, leave the car in the garage! Thanks for sharing your experience, come see us soon!
First visit at this hotel and it is now our hotel of choice for any future visits to Chicago. Clean, convenient to all Chicago sites, shopping, clubs and restaurants either walking or short cab ride. Staff very friendly accommodating. The hotel is only 1...More
We checked into the Hotel and paid over 439 for a room. We got to our room and I literally got locked into the bathroom. The maintenance man had to come get me out. There was no knob on the door! The room also faced...More
Yes, it's a new location, and they are working out a few operational kinks, but their heart is in the right place. First, I loved the location. Not in the center of the tourists so we felt better immersed into the city. We were able...MoreThank you for your thorough feedback... this helps our team to believe and understand that guests certainly do care of hotel service. We pride ourselves on providing an exceptional breakfast experience and happy to read we made that expectation. With opening a new hotel there...More
We came to Chicago on for an overnight stay. We were able to check in I do it when we got there and our room view was a corner unit with an excellent deal at Franklin Street. Staff was very friendly and hospitable.Great! Thank you for the review, happy to hear of your positive experience! Come see us again in The Loop soon!
Everything about this hotel is wonderful. Centrally located, up to date amenities. I even called down to housekeeping to ask for a razor, and in less than 5 minutes a LADIES razor kit arrived! Now thats attention to detail. Ive stayed there 3 times now...More
Overall, we had a pleasant stay. We stayed here for two nights. The downsides were that the mini fridge in our room was never cool, we suspect it was overheating because the outside was really warm to the touch. The pool floor scraped my foot...MoreThank you for the review kaba0l! We appreciate you taking the time to let us know how we are doing. Hope to host you again soon!
Definitely recommend. The hotel is very well located, the breakfast is decent, the room was huge and very comfortable. We also enjoyed the fact that it had a gym and as swimming pool. We would come back right now if we could!Thanks Pedro A! Come on back!!! Our fitness facility and stainless steel swimming pool are truly a one of a kind experience!! Thanks again for the review.. now book that reservation and lets see you back in The Loop soon!
I have to say for my first time staying at this hotel it was a great overall experience. The reason I booked the room was for a special occasion and it was the best way to end my date night. I took my girlfriend out...MoreGreat!!! Sounds like you two had a very successful evening celebrating your relationship and enjoying a wonderful Chicago experience! Happy to hear everything went so well and looking forward to hosting you again in the future!
Stayed here for a few days and it is a very nice hotel. It was the only one that offered breakfast so that was a plus. The room was on the 16th floor and was big. It had 2 queen size beds and a TV,...More
Staff was beyond superb. Service was always customer-oriented, quick and efficient but warm and friendly. Rooms very spacious and modern. Nothing bad to say. Location great, right next to Willis Tower.Thanks Loucarm1! I will be sure to share your comments with the team! We love hearing of such great experiences. Please come see us again soon!
I greatly appreciated how amazing and friendly the staff/personnel were during my stay. I previously wanted to book an AirBnB but decided on a hotel instead. The staff of Hyatt Place proved that it was the right decision! After a fall on the street, I...MoreDear Melane K, I am so sorry about your fall, but very glad to know that you are OK and our staff was able to assist. Thank you for the feedback that you shared as well. The Hyatt Place brand does not offer traditional room...More
I stayed here for a business meeting, and overall it was a good hotel. The location was where I needed it to be, everything was clean, the staff was friendly and helpful, and there was a decent breakfast available. Normally free breakfasts are continental, but...MoreThanks for the great review! We would love to host you for future business trips to The Loop! Thanks again!
We booked this place at the last minute and were very pleasantly surprised. The staff was awesome, room was spectacular, and food was fantastic (we are big breakfast people). We would definitely go back to this spot in the future and/or recommend Hyatt Place to...MoreHi timkP4024MN, I am a big breakfast person myself, so I completely understand how you felt about our amazing breakfast! Thanks for taking the time to fill us in on your experience!
If you want a nice hotel at a reasonable price that's clean and well-kept this meets your criteria. Right in the middle of downtown, no more than a 30 minute walk to virtually any major attraction. I stayed for business, and it seemed when I...MoreDear davemh333, Thank you for your thoughtful and detailed review. I apologize that we had to close the pool for a couple days to repair a light fixture that we leaking repeated - but the good news is that we are back in service now...More
We stayed one night and had a great experience. Wonderful staff responded to all our requests kindly and promptly. The room was great as we expected from Hyatt. However, breakfast wasn't as we expected from Hyatt, but still was good.Thanks for the review R3213EHana! Great to hear you enjoyed the experience overall and we met your expectations! Thanks for the feedback regarding breakfast, we are certainly always looking for ways to improve! Thanks again!
I stayed here on a short vacation. Although not fancy, this is a nice clean place. Breakfast is included in the price and it is a full breakfast with several options that change on a daily basis. The location is convenient and a short cab...MoreThank you for the review mam4351! We don't consider ourselves fancy people, but rather focus on genuine and caring hospitality! Come see us again soon!
The staff at the hotel was amazing. Always pleasant and helpful with any concerns. They were sure to greet every guest when walking through the lobby. Room was great for a group of three friends traveling together, very clean and comfortable. The location was convenient...MoreAwesome! Thanks BrianW21720! I appreciate the review and we hope to see you again soon!
This hotel is A + -great find! Beautifully decorated and very clean. The employees are friendly and attentive. Breakfast was delicious and is included in room charge. Not far from downtown- I definitely recommend this hotel!
Really enjoyed my stay. Clean and nice room. Very helpful and friendly staff. Would definitely book again. Had a number of questions upon checking in and not long after-made a few calls to the front desk-very responsive and warm staff.Dear Rhiannon B, Thank you for your 5 star review. I am delighted to hear that you found our team to be helpful, warm and responsive. We're happy to help in any way possible. Please come again soon! David Del Russo General Manager ddelrussootodevelopment.com
This hotel is very central and is great value. The staff are wonderful too. The free breakfast was a good start to the day. Our room was large with a good bathroom. Would be pleased to stay here again.Thanks luvtotripSydney! We appreciate the review and look forward to hosting you again in the near future! Glad you were able to enjoy breakfast before heading out to explore our great city! Thanks again!
I enjoyed my stay for work. It is in a good location for walking around the city and seeing the sights. The rooms were big for the city and comfortable! The complimentary breakfast was a nice bonus. The fitness center is great! I loved it!...MoreThank you EMT1979 for the great feedback on your stay here!! I am so happy to read and understand our hotel met your needs and expectations. We too are very happy with our fitness and get great feedback as well. Take care Jerry Evans General...More
Excellent hotel in the Loop area of Chicago. Very clean and staff were very friendly with 24/7 food options. Excellent breakfast buffet. Rooms are big and airy. Overall they are maintaining very good standard. Keep it up guys.We will keep it up, thanks aRunRB! Glad you enjoyed breakfast and appreciated the 24/7 menu options! Come check us out again soon!
Hotel was super clean and very cool! Had an amazing view! The staff was very nice, and I've honestly never had a btter experience at a hotel than I did with the Hyatt Place (The Loop). The price was great and we really enjoyed the...MoreYou're Wonderful Sadie L! Thanks for the great comments regarding the staff, I will be sure to share. So happy to hear of your experience, we hope to host you again soon!
The location was excellent, very close to the orange line and walling distance to most places. The staff was wonderful. The room and facilities were clean. Parking was pretty (66) but there was a lot down the road for 30, so we just did...MoreThanks for the review apc243! Sounds like a great visit to Chicago and a wonderful hotel experience! Parking can be pricey in the city, but I am happy to hear you were able to get a deal!!! Thanks again for a great review, come see...More
Spent 2 nights and will definitely recommended to our friends and family. Really good location between the river and the park, close to Washington train station which makes traveling around town and from the airport very convenient. The room are nice and the bed really...More
This hotel is truly traveler friendly! Very pleasant accommodating employees with hospitality as a priority. We had nice clean accommodations with wonderful amenities! We loved the convenient location. Definitely on our return to agenda!Thank you H33030Kmary for the kind remarks on our teams efforts to be hospitable! We look forward in having you as our guest again. All my best, Jerry Evans General Manager
The location of this hotel, close the Union Station, was nice. The room was very clean and modern. The bed was fairly comfortable, but a little hard for my taste. There is a fridge in the room, something that not all hotels have. There was...MoreThank you for the review Andrew S! We appreciate the feedback and look forward to hosting you in one of our view suites the next time you are traveling to Chicago. Happy to read your comments regarding service! Thanks again for taking the time to...More
Nice location. Nice staff. Had no staff to fix our broken AC. Value is fine and maybe we just got dealt a bad hand. If you got a room that had all things functioning and a staff that could respond (15 minutes on hold for...MoreHi mw6689, thanks for bringing your experience to my attention! If you would like to discuss this in greater detail, please feel free to reach out to me directly. Thanks again for your business!
Had to book a hotel in my city due to moving into a new property. The room looked nice at first glance, but in minutes the smell of damp and smoke bothered me, the carpet was wet, and the cleanliness of the bathroom and surfaces...MoreOh gosh Kimberly G! This is obviously not the typical condition of a room or service we provide. I am so disappointed that this was your experience and I'd be grateful for the opportunity to discuss further. Please reach out to me at your earliest...More
Good location in Downtown Chicago, fair value for money, breakfast with plenty of food and beverage options, friendly and welcoming staff, broad range of amenities in room, well-equipped 24/7 gym with nice viewGreat! Thanks for the wonderful review! Certainly the best fitness rooms in the city, with a view! Thanks for taking the time to share your experience, looking forward to welcoming you back soon!
Stayed at the Hyatt Place (loop) during a recent trip to Chicago. The room was clean, updated, and the view was amazing. The hotel staff were all very friendly and accommodating and the location was excellent for getting around town via the CTA or walking...MoreAWESOME!!! Thanks for sharing your review and experience of the Hyatt Place Chicago - The Loop!! Thrilled to hear you enjoyed the hotel and service! We love our loyal fans and will look forward to hosting you again for your next Chicago experience!!! Thanks again!
The room is spacious and quiet. Recommended for a family of 4 or more. Affordable. The only thing I have problem with is the expensive parking and a little bit far from the restaurants and attraction but Overall I'm okay with it.Thanks for the review, happy to hear you enjoyed the experience! Chicago parking can be tricky sometimes, however, we do offer valet at the front doors of the hotel! Thanks again for choosing to experience Chicago with us, looking forward to the next visit!
You will really enjoy your stay. Perfect downtown location, friendly and accommodating staff, great (included in your price) breakfast selection, large size rooms. Food availability 24/7 a great plus, terrific concept!MoreGreat, thanks Henri62!!! Thank you for the great recommendation and lovely review of the team and facility! Truly one of the best breakfast offerings in the city and the fact that it is complimentary is the icing on the danish! Thanks again, come see us...More
Beautiful spacious suite with floor to ceiling windows. Friendly staff that greets you warmly upon arrival during a chilly Chicago winter wind. Breakfast buffet is good, not very tasty, but it's free so not much to complain about here.Thank you petertO7530CU! We appreciate the awesome review and comments regarding our friendly team members. Thanks again for allowing our team to host your Chicago experience!
Enjoyed the hotel. This is my third stay at this hotel. Super convenient location. Easy walking to many other high rise locations nearby. Friendly staff. Excellent fitness center and morning breakfast. I did get a little street noise, but overall happy with my stay.MoreThanks Team10! We do have an amazing fitness facility here and an extensive complimentary breakfast. Happy to hear this was your third experience with us and you are enjoying our staff and facility. Thanks again for the great review, we will see you on your...More
Great place to stay. Beautiful and clean. Great workout facility too. Wish they had a hot tub esp after all the walking we did. We would stay again. You were very helpful with letting us know upon checkin of the local restaurants, however it would...MoreThanks 186deannag! Appreciate the review and happy to hear you enjoyed your experience. We do have a wonderful pool and fitness room, but choose not to host a hot tub at this location. I apologies that the local convenience stores had closed up for the...More
Would certainly book this hotel again. The staff were very friendly and acknowledge us each time we came and went . The breakfast bar was included in our cost and was well worth the few extra dollars . The workout room looked very nice but...MoreCome back and see us when you have more time Dawn S! We would love to host you again soon for a relaxing weekend away! Thank you for the great review!
Great new hotel with arguably the best staff within miles. This place is convenient, minutes from Millennium Park, the Magnificent Mile, and a ton of awesome restaurants. Their meeting room has a great view and the pool area is top notch.Thank you Andy B for the great feedback as we are very excited you had a great stay experience with us. We hope to have you back soon as our guest. All my best Jerry Evans General Manager
Very nice hotel. The rooms are great, very comfortable and quiet. The staff were so friendly and helpful. Everything was perfect . There is an indoor pool, nicely appointed gym and it is situated in a great area to reach everything. Most sites were within...More
We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Our room was modern and comfortable. And the location cannot be beat. We were in Chicago for 4 days, and were able to see many sights from Oak Park to Hyde Park. Nothing was more than a 45 minute trip...More
Stayed here with two friends for 3 nights. The room was nice and big with two beds and a sleeping couch.. The location of the hotel was good with short distance both to Willis tower and giant bean. The breakfast at the hotel was ok.Thanks Alexander G! Sounds like you and your friends enjoyed your experience at the hotel and exploring the city! We are constantly changing and improving our complimentary breakfast so our guests can start off the day on the right foot! Thanks again for the review!
In the city of Chicago, the Hyatt Place Chicago Loop is a clear winner. Here are the reasons I am voting for this hotel. LOCATION-The Hyatt Place is in the loop giving it a clear advantage for folks wanting to see the top attractions. It...MoreThank you ArkansasMinister! Happy to hear you enjoyed everything Chicago and the Hyatt Place - The Loop has to offer! Thanks for choosing to celebrate with us and please come see us again soon! Thanks again!
Outstanding service (professional, friendly, helpful), location (walk to downtown), and view (Sears Tower and city lights)! Everything about the stay was perfect. Highly recommend Hyatt Place for a great experience!Awesome, glad you enjoyed your experience!!! Sounds like you had a wonderful time exploring our great city. We would love to host you again soon for more adventures in Chicago!!
Convenient for business meetings in the loop. Great fitness center, large rooms and a good breakfast. The staff is attentive and friendly. The overall value for the rate is much better than a Courtyard or similar offering.MoreDear Patrick H Thank you for the making time on your feedback regarding your stay here and the nice comments on our amenities. We work hard for each guest and appreciate your 5-star rating. Hope to see soon as our repeat guest. Jerry Evans General...More
Location, Location, Location! Just Two blocks from the Sears Tower. Every sightseeing icon is within walking distance of this hotel including lots of live theater action. The L got us everywhere else easily including the Frank Lloyd Wright homes and the Science and Industry The...MoreThank you John A for the great and thorough feedback on your stay experience here. We appreciate knowing you were satisfied here as we also appreciate your 5-star rating! I agree with you on location... location... location. We are so happy in our Loop area...More
We came to Chicago to experience the Christmas activities. The Hyatt place was the perfect hotel. Reasonable rates, excellent breakfast which was not your typical hotel fare. Apple crisp, steel cut oats, fresh fruit among many other items. The rooms were clean and inviting. We...MoreGreat! Thanks for the thorough review of your experience! Happy to hear you really enjoyed yourself and are looking forward to returning. Thanks again for taking the time to share, we will see you again soon!
This hotel still smells new. Rooms are very comfortable and quiet. This is sometimes hard to accomplish in Chicago. The beds offered a great night's sleep. The continental breakfast really hits the spot and is kept well stocked by staff. The swimming pool is terrific...More
My fianc and I really enjoyed our stay at the Hyatt. I was pleasantly surprised at how friendly the staff was and how quiet the hotel was. Even though we had a lot of guest, no one bothered is. We never felt out of place....MoreHappy to hear we have made a return visitor out of you here at Hyatt Place Chicago The Loop! Our team strives for great customer service and by the sounds of it, they did just that.
Just back from a really nice stay. From the moment we checked in 9.30am Friday (they allocated a room that early) the staff were a joy to be around. Our room 909 was so comfortable with lovely views down Franklin. Our inclusive breakfast price was...MoreThank you MartynG11 for the 5-star rating and the great comments about your room, early check in and view for your room. We hope to have you back as our guest. Take care Jerry Evans
Aside from the elevator incident, we had no house keeping and ran out of toiletries and also clean towels. Breakfast food was good but the way they have the setup of the plates makes thinks very crowded.Thanks for sharing Julie C. Certainly not a typical experience and I am so sorry to hear about the issue with the elevator. Please feel free to reach out to me directly to discuss your experience. Thanks again!
I was very impressed. One of my favorite rooms I have ever stayed in. The city view room had floor to ceiling windows the width of the room. The bathroom was really nice, Standup shower stall that was provisioned nicely and had good water pressure,...MoreThank you R2042XJstevenk! We appreciate you taking the time to write us a review! We hope to be your first choice when conducting business in Chicago. Thank you for your business, we hope to host you again in the near future!
I stayed here for a business meeting. The staff was so wonderful, always willing to help and friendly. The rooms were great and clean. The breakfast was nice, much more than I expected from staying at other chains. Enjoyed my stayMoreThank you Bonnie S for the 5-star rating and the comments shared on your stay experience with us as our guest!! I am very happy to read your feedback as what you shared is exactly what hotels should provided.... we met your expectations and that...More
I only stayed overnight but my room was comfortable and clean. I had called ahead of time to ask for a feather-free room due to down allergies and my request was accommodated. The only thing I thought was odd was the layout of the room....MoreDear GrumpyPug, You don't sound grumpy to me, and I thank you for your feedback regarding the layout of the room. We appreciate your insightful comments. I'm sorry that the AC was not as cold as you like. Our AC usually works very well.... if...More
Stayed here labor day weekend on a vacation with our teenage daughters. Check in was quick, we arrived about 10pm were into our room immediately. All staff members were very polite and helpful. Our room was clean , beds were comfortable, it was also...MoreDear Golden Fossil in Detroit Lakes, I am happy your experience here over the Labor Day Holiday met your expectations hearing of your satisfaction with clean rooms, comfy beds and cleaning up during breakfast. Thank you so much for the highly recommend comment!! I share...More
This brand is good for business. Separate couch area, desk, large room, all make it possible to stretch out and to work. Breakfast is included. I didn't think this one was quite as nice as the one by U. Chicago, but it was just the...MoreThanks for the review and feedback! Sounds like the overall experience was very positive! Hope to host everyone again soon!
Great place to stay very conveniently located in the loop of Chicago. Clean and attractive and an awesome value. Bar was expensive but there are other bars conveniently located nearby. The free breakfast buffet was an incredible value. Only problem we encountered is some people...MoreSounds like a great time in Chicago! Glad you were able to enjoy the breakfast and some of the 24/7 food and beverage the hotel offers. Public transit is certainly the way to go when visiting the city! Thanks again for the great review!
Enjoyed everything about this hotel, from the location to the staff to the bed. Everything was nice, staff were accommodating. They held our luggage for us on check out so we could explore the city some more before we flew home. The only downfall is...More
This is my new favorite loop hotel. The staff across the board are friendly and helpful. Hotel is brand new with free wifi and breakfast. Rooms are well-designed and decorated. Meeting facilities are some of the best in the area with big bright windows. Nice...MoreJudy in Chicago, Thank you for the kind words about the helpful and friendly team as well as the nice comments of the meeting rooms and pool. I am happy you were satisfied!! I hope to meet you next time your travels bring you back...More
The water in the shower never got hot. The thermostat in the room didn't work properly and the room never got warm. The staff documented my concerns but didn't really seem to care. Valet was inconvenient. You couldn't even see where it was.MoreThank you Katharine W for the comments and concerns shared regarding your stay here. I am so sorry the shower did not get to your desired temperature... I have had that before and it is not fun! We hope you can consider our hotel for...More
This hotel is in a great location. About a 5min walk from the train. Staff were friendly and attentive upon check-in and during breakfast. Room was nice sized with 2 beds, large shower, comfy couch and great TV. Lived the included breakfast. Would definitely stay...MoreGo Cubs Go! Sounds like a great Birthday trip to Chicago! Happy to hear you enjoyed your experience and will be returning! Thanks for the great review!
My stay in Chicago could not have been better. Hyatt Place Downtown Loop Chicago is the PERFECT place to stay because of the location, facilities and--most importantly--the staff, who you can tell take pride in their jobs and their hotel. Immaculately clean entry, lobby, dining...MoreDear Collin D, Wow, thank you for your sharing such a strong endorsement of our hotel. We appreciate your kind words and will be sure to share your kudos with our staff. Thank you and I hope we will see you again in the Loop...More
Tried this for the first time a couple of weeks ago for a short business trip to Chicago. The hotel is very close to my office there, although it may not be convenient to other locations. Although not in the same class as some of...MoreDear Limehousecpl, Thank for making time to provide a very thorough stay experience as I am so happy your expectations were met. You are correct that our Hyatt Place is different than the other hotels you listed as we appreciate your mention of 5-star service...More
A great hotel for convenient access to theaters and restaurants in the Chicago west loop area. The hotel is compact and does not have some of the soaring architectural features of other Hyatts, but location and price served our purpose very well.Thank you Michael K for the feedback on your stay with us. We are so happy you found our location convenient and price was right for you. We hope to have you back as our guest this year, All my best Jerry Evans General Manager
Loved your hotel. Just keep it as nice as it is. The hotel itself and rooms and amenities and the staff in particular were great. Can't beat what you get for the price. Great location in the Loop too.MoreThank you Mr. David G for providing such great feedback on your stay experience. We too love our location and thankful we have a new hotel product to provide our guests. We appreciate the 5-star rating you gave and thank you. Happy Holidays Jerry Evans...More
The Staff at this hotel is best in class! This hotel is clean, comfortable, modern, great location for the financial district, sightseeing and exploring downtown. But the staff makes this hotel incredible. They are in tune to the business professional and to the families that...MoreThank you very much Shawn C! What a pleasant review to read regarding our first class team. I will be sure to share your comments with the entire team. Thanks again for taking the time to write us a review, hope to see you again...More
Great hotel, great staff -would def go back again. Beds were very comfortable. hotel is quiet. Breakfast is awesome. Staff is warm and greets you every time you pass by the desk. Someone is always at the door to grab a cab for you.Great, thanks for the review Licia C!
The hotel staff and facilities were excellent! I was greeted with a smile and warmth. My entire stay was enhanced by the staff. The only thing I would like to change is the parking facility. It would help to have better self parking.
Awesome experience all around staff is friendly amenities are exemplary location is perfect during the week weekends may be a struggle to find dining but Uber or taxi will get you to all the awesome places in the city to eatThanks for the review! We would be happy to assist with some local favorites within a block or two of the hotel on your next visit!! Thanks for the comments regarding the team as well, I will be sure to share!
Great staff amenities. Rooms clean and cared for. Great location in the loop. Food was average. But cookies and deserts were unbelievable. Overall a great stay and would stay there again in a heartbeat.Well, we are just a heartbeat away so come see us again! Happy to hear you enjoyed our team and offerings! Looking forward to your next trip!
I stayed with a friend at the Freehand for two nights in a queen bed private room. The room was quiet and clean, but very small. My friend and I were climbing over each other and our suitcases to move around the room. One thing that ruined the room for us was the lack of control over the temperature of the room. The weather in Chicago that week was in the mid-upper 60s, but the room was WARM. There's an A/C unit in the room, but no matter what we did to fiddle with it, it just would not get cool. Tiny room + humidity from showers + stubborn A/C + poor window ventilation stuffy stuffy stuffy.What also wasn't fun was being charged an extra 6.35 on my credit card when I checked my billing statement a week after checking out. I called in to ask about the charge and was told we had used the water in the mini bar. We had not. The front desk employee was nice enough to remove the charge, but is it not standard hotel practice to provide a bill of charges to guests before they check out Not doing so is at best questionable (why risk upsetting guests by not verifying mini bar purchases), and at worst predatory (are you just hoping we wouldn't notice). Also, 6 for a bottle of water I get better deals at movie theaters...In conclusion, if you're looking to be in Chicago on a budget, want to be in a good location, and only plan to use the hotel to sleep at night, then the Freehand might be for you. Just make sure to keep an eye on your bank account.Hello Jade Y, Thank you for staying with us and for taking the time to review your stay. I am glad your stay was mostly enjoyable. I am sorry to hear, however, that the room was a little stuffy. I hope this will not stop you from returning in the future. I am also sorry you had a billing error. While I am glad the front desk took care of the issue, I am sorry to hear that it was incorrect. I hope you will consider returning to Freehand again in the future.
Traveled solo a few days ahead of a business trip and stayed in Female Quad. There are lockers and a bathroom in the room for convenience as you aren't sharing with an entire floor. The bunks were comfortable, each have a reading light and curtain for privacy.The room is small but definitely space efficient for 2 sets of bunks. If you just need a bed to sleep in and a clean room this is def the place to stay. Freehand as a whole is one of the best hostel's I've stayed in, and doesn't feel like a traditional hostel (many folks staying in the private rooms were in town on business)Location is amazing, 1 block from Red Line and in the middle of downtown makes it easy to get around and enjoy the city. Would strongly recommend and am eager to check out their site in Miami.Hello Adriana H, Thank you for staying with us and for taking the time to review your stay. I am so glad to hear you enjoyed your stay and we are honored to be the best hostel you have ever visited. I am so glad our location was ideal for exploring the city and that you found the room to be so comfortable. I hope we can see you back again very soon.
I would recommend this hotel only for the young or quite thrifty or you just need a place to crash for the night. In that case, it is perfect and is inexpensive for a Queen room and the quads are even less expensive. A perfect place to stay cheaply for a music festival or weekend out on the town. Overall, I would not recommend staying here if you want to spend a lot of time in your room. Any time other than sleeping really. Although it is clean it is miniscule. We stayed in a Queen Room and the bed took up nearly the entire room. In fact you can only get in and out of one side of the bed as the bed is literally built into the wall and only one side is open so if you are sharing the bed be prepared to be disturbed or to wake up your partner when you need to get up during the night. I wasn't thrilled but that is my fault because I did not do my research. To be honest this hotel is really just a step up from a hostel. They have quad dorm rooms that are shared and either coed or female only. If I had seen that it probably would have deterred me from booking however our stay went well. The vibe was young, casual and welcoming and everything was spotless, clean and well cared for.My first impression of the hotel was a feeling of happiness to be off the street, it was cold and sleeting out, but the lobby was warm and cozy. I began to worry fairly quickly however, the desk clerk that checked us in obviously did not love his job. We chuckled to ourselves as we were greeted with a strong whiff of pot smoke as we waited for him to find our reservation. The good news is, the other clerk, a woman quickly began helping the next guests to arrive. Not only was it obvious that she liked her job, she was cheerful and efficient and she gave them pointers and information that our clerk didn't. Our clerk was virtually silent and that meant we were able to hear the other clerk's great tips about the hotel bar, restaurant and free wiFi. We were checked in and up to our room on the 11th floor in no time eager to get back down to the bar and have a drink. However, when I opened the door to our room I almost stepped back to head back down to the desk. It's my fault however, I had read that the rooms were small I just did not realize how small. This was the smallest room that I have ever stayed in. The room was literally only a couple of feet deeper than a queen sized bed which is 80 inches long. There is no closet only a tall locker that is built into the room and gives you room for the two robes and mini ironing board and not much more. There is a TV mounted above the foot end of the bed which was almost too close to watch for me, we left it off during our stay. There is a desk immediately across the room near the one small window and a small bathroom with a tiny shower and sink (very little counter space for anything. I had to put my curling iron on the toilet so it wouldn't fall from the tiny shelf that angled down towards the floor). The bathroom did have a nice feature however, a heater that you could turn on that quickly warmed the tiles up to make the bathroom nice and toasty when you got out of the shower. We checked out the bar but it was full. No where to sit and relax comfortably so we went next door to the Acme Hotel and had a drink in the bar there. The next morning we checked out and we were happy that we tried out the caf. The coffee was hand pressed and delicious and the croissant I had was fresh, flaky and so yummy.Hi Jacqueline, Thank you for staying with us and for taking the time to review your stay. I am sorry to hear that the room size was disappointing during your visit. While our rooms are cozy in size, we try to make sure that is clear when describing to allow our potential guests to make the best choice to meet their needs. Although the rooms are cozy, we do have different lay outs where the bed is not built in the wall. We also encourage our guests to enjoy our large den space and guest kitchen as an alternative to being in your guest room. The Broken Shaker is amazing, so I am sorry you were not able to experience our cocktails as we were too full. I hope next time you are in town you can stop in and enjoy the Broken Shaker! If you would like to discuss your stay further please reach out to us at anytime. We hope to have you back in the future.Thank you,Jenna
Stayed here a few nights before I moved to another part of the city for work. The architecture, the atmosphere, the decoration...everything is special about this place. Even in my room I could find Art Deco details. My room was compact but big enough, clean and cosy. The bed was good and the bathroom had a large walk in shower. Staff was very friendly and welcoming. You could leave your luggage in a safe place. Breakfast was good enough. The location is amazing. You only minutes away from the Chicago river and some of the famous landmarks like The Chicago Tribune Tower and the London House. Would go there again for sure!Dear KenDB1982,Thank you for taking the time out to review your stay. We are so happy to hear that you enjoyed your time here at The Freehand and that you liked the style of the hotel. We are definitely in a great location and are very lucky to have such amazing places nearby. I will pass on your lovely comments to our staff thank you again for taking the time out to give us your feedback, we hope you have a wonderful day!Best Regards,Kristen JacksonRooms Division Manager
I chose to stay here on a 4 night trip due to location and price, while the location was great the room was smaller than what I expected. There was not enough room on the floor to even open my suitcase. In the scheme a things not a big deal but definitely a surprise. In terms of cleaning day three I was greeted with a penis straw on the floor when i entered my room, not sure how this fell out of house cleanings supplies - but it had not been there before! Then there was the elevator trips, being pushed aside while a man stacked his 2 bikes in the lift made me wonder what I got myself in for. I also chose this hotel as it included breakfast, I was not advised at check in and in the elevator on day one another guest advised it was in the bottom level - unfortunately there was not a lot left and no where to sit, it was definitely a backpacker hostel feel and I never went back. All these things combined - it was a quirky place that provided a bed, bathroom and great location - there is plenty within walking distance.Hello Kylie, Thank you for staying with us and for taking the time to review your stay. I am so glad to hear you enjoyed our location as well as the comfort of the bed in the room. I am sorry to hear you had some issues with housekeeping as well as some of the other guests on property. I appreciate your candid feedback and we are revewing it internaly as we speak to improve our guests' experiences. I hope we can see you back again very soon.
Went to Broken Shaker on the tip from a friend and so glad we did. The bar is almost hidden in the back of the Freehand Hotel/Hostel in Chicago. It is small and intimate and warm and inviting. There is so much to see in this small bar from the Hand Painted Octopus mural on the wall (and hidden on the 70's wallpaper) to the macram wall hangings. It definitely feels like you are in your parent's basement in the 70's - but cooler. The cocktails are delicious. We had the B*tch Don't Kill my Vibe and the margarita with chorizo salt. Another friend got their famous Cocoa Puff Old Fashioned. All were delicious. We didn't eat at the Broken Shaker on this visit, but saw some food being brought out and it all looked wonderful. We will definitely be back!Hi Casa1234, Thanks for visiting us and I am so glad to hear you LOVED the Broken Shaker. We are so excited to be able to welcome people into our amazing space and we can't wait to welcome you back for some more cocktails and food!!
I stayed in Chicago by myself a week ago for 5 nights in a women's dorm room while going on a marathon of architecture tours. I stayed here to save money and to hopefully meet some other architecture enthusiasts. I had seen this hotel listed in an article listing places for people coming for the first Chicago Architectural Biennial in 2015.I didn't meet architecture tourists, but my fellow roommates were about the 7 most varied and amazing women I have come across in a long time. Let's just say that the first roommate I met was an Italian (Sicilian) who looked like your typical gorgeous, put-together Italian who was there for a conference from a residency in New York who is a neurosurgeon who stayed there in order to meet people. She introduced me to the hotel and to the other roommates not in the room at the time. From there I met an Indonesian coming back on her own to visit where she and her husband had lived as students, French student on her way home, local back from Cuba, Korean exchange student seeing the US, Bostonian in town for wedding (2nd generation from China), and a Detroit auto designer for GM (fresh from Australia).The location couldn't be better. I walked to almost everything. The hotel design is well thought out and interesting. The dorm rooms are tight but it was ok. I had the room to myself usually a couple of times each day.There are a certain number of details that are sort of loosely attended to. For instance the simple breakfast served is a bit of rolling chaos, sometimes no spoons, sometimes no coffee. But such an amazing collection of people in that room every day.I used their simple kitchen to cook for myself a couple of nights to save money and to just hole up when I was worn out. Overall, I felt very lucky to have the Freehand as my base for the week.Hello Kristi, Thank you for staying with us and for taking the time to review your stay. I am so glad to hear you loved your visit and had the chance to meet so many amazing people. I am also glad you enjoyed the location and that you were able to take advantage of the amenities on property. We feel lucky to have had you as our guest and I hope we can see you back again very soon!
The hotel is beautiful and the room, inspite its small dimension, is very well designed, as well as the bar downstairs. But! The windows are very old and therefore all the sounds from outside are unfiltered and the room is very cold.The complimentary breakfast is quite poor and the breakfast room too small to accomodate the average number of simoultaneous guestsHello FP, Thank you for staying with us and for reiveiwng your stay. I am glad to hear you enjoyed the design of the property and the Broken Shaker. I am sorry to hear that you found the room to be uncomfortable, both due to noise from outside as well as the temperature. Your experience is not up to our standards please let us know on any future visits if we can help to address either of these issues as they are not typical of our property. I am also sorry you found our breakfast room to be tight. I hope you will consider Freehadn for a future visit.
Slightly apprehensive at first, but once I walked through the doors, this hotel is the gem of the area. I love the rooms and the fact that one can absolutely relax without flipping on the tube or picking up the phone - you find them. The boutique bar - restaurant is awesome and I highly recommend a bourbon on the rocks with some BurattaHello richardmO9670EC, Thank you for staying with us and for taking the time to review your stay. I am so glad to hear that you loved your visit and that you found the Broken Shaker to be so amazing. I hope we can see you back again very soon!
The Freehand has a nice appearance and is clean is well-situated for getting around the city. The guest kitchen is great for people who want to save money by bringing their own food. That's where the positives end.First, I had a room on the second floor, and the loud music from the lounge downstairs went on well into the wee hours of the morning. I couldn't get a wink of sleep!Next, it turns out it's impossible to turn on the air conditioning if the hotel's air is set to heat. The most you can do if you're uncomfortably warm is turn off the air and open your bedroom window. Except...Third: The windows don't have screens! But they're still able to be open. Just what I want on my honeymoon, bugs climbing into the room. This isn't a hypothetical fear my wife opened a window only to slam it shut again upon seeing a spider try to climb in.There are better, cheaper hotels in Chicago. Don't pick this one unless you have to.Hello AmandaViolet, Thank you for taking the time to review your stay. I am sorry that you found your room to be too warm and were unable to cool it down to a comfortable temperature. I am also sorry to hear that the room was noisy, so much so you could not sleep. Your experience is not up to our standards and I am truly sorry that our shortcomings made your honeymoon anything but enjoyable. I would love to make up for your poor experience. If you could kindly email me at info.chicagothefreehand.com and direct the email to the General Manager, I am happy to help. I hope to hear from you soon and Congratulations on your wedding!
This is a well priced hostel, only a couple blocks off Michigan Avenue, The Magnificent Mile, the main shopping district of the city. The Hostel is very modern, feels safe, is clean, with lockers in your room for your stuff, free wi-fi and the beds are comfortable. The bar on the main floor has a great selection of drinks and is very welcoming. The staff are all very friendly, and are willing to help with any questions you may have. A great hub for exploring the major city sites, and restaurants, and is considerably cheaper than getting a single room in any of the major hotels nearby.If you're good with hostels, and their atmosphere, I really cannot recommend anywhere better to stay in Chicago!Hi MattSRob, Thank you for staying with us and for reviewing your stay. I am so glad to hear you loved your Freehand experienced and found our location and value to be excellent. I am also glad to hear you had a chance to enjoy the Broken Shaker during your visit and that our staff took such great care of you. I hope we can see you back again very soon.
This place is awful. The rooms are tiny and cramped. The kitchen where breakfast is served is tiny and doesnt have close to enough seating for guests. The shower drain doesnt work. I asked to check out two days early and they didnt even ask what was wrong let alone try to resolve it. I asked them to refund one of the two nights and they refused to refund a dime. If you book here, know that they wont do a thing to make things right. Hello RadiantVoid, Thank you for staying with us and for taking the time to review your stay. I'm concerned that you departed early due to your dissatisfaction yet still paid full price. If you would, please contact me directly so I can look into this further for you. Jenna UbrigJubrigthefreehand.com
Stayed here for business. Nice enough staff, but when I stayed there a storm blew through. At 3:00 a.m. I was awakened by the wind whistling through my terrace door. I tried stuffing towels it the gap that was making the noise but to no avail. All night long a whistling sound kept me up, even with earplugs. Super slow... More
We have stayed here annually for several years. This year the hotel is in the midst of a much needed renovation. When complete the results should be great. Meanwhile the staff is doing their best - moving breakfast to the meeting room, providing clean rooms and responsive help. The pool and Fitness Center are currently closed but they will be... More
We stopped at this comfort inn because it was convenient to our route to get back home to Florida. We were puzzled why there was so many hotels in this town. It is in the middle of nowhere. It's the crossroads of all directions hence the wealth of choice in hotels. The hotel is in the middle of major renovations... More
The staff could not be kinder and more helpful to my family. Genuinely cared. Even the kitchen staff talked to us and we're joking with my kids. Sweet, kind staff. You must call the hotel for the address though. Don't trust GPS as the address is too new. The staff will help. Property was clean and new also. I highly... More
Check in was easy and the staff was friendly and helpful. When we got to the room I was pleasantly surprised. The room was clean and comfortable had everything we needed and more. The pool area was very nice and the hot tub was great. I would stay here or at any Residence Inn before any other.
The front desk Manager Mark was beyond wonderful, he is very professional and personable. I hope anyone that travels to this hotel gets the opportunity to meet Mark and the wonderful staff. I highly recommend the Residents Inn Marriott to anyone visiting the Springfield, IL area
We were in town for the Rte 66 car show and found this wonderful hotel on the Marriott website. The facility is clean and looks brand new. Our suite was spotlessly clean and spacious. Every staff person we met from our housekeeper to the front desk staff (Warren was our absolute fav!) were ever so welcoming and helpful. Breakfast had... More
I chose this hotel because I'm loyal to Hilton and have status, plus it was an ideal location for my needs. I paid an average of 100/king for three nights on a holiday weekend which isn't bad for an HGI in this area. The room...More
Hotel was nice, clean, and affordable. The hotel seemed pretty busy when we checked in but service was still good. We honestly had nothing extraordinary to say about the hotel, however we did not have anything negative to say either. We would stay here again if in the area!
The rooms at this hotel sort of look like someone's attempt at an Edwardian themed hotel, only with some manky old 70s bedspreads and curtains. The staff are unfriendly and disengaged. The rooms are small and the free wifi is like dial up circa '96. You can barely open a website. Needs a damn good revamp because it clearly hasn't been decorated for 30 years. We had to ask at reception for a plug because the sink nor the bath had one. Location is fine - bus to downtown takes 10 minutes and costs 2.25 each. Plenty of shops and restaurants within walking distance.
The staff was excellent and friendly. The building needs a complete electrical and plumbing upgrade. There was inadequate water pressure and the bathtub leaked all over the floor when I pulled the plug. I had to bale out the tub with a trash can.The tiles were all cracked and need replaced.The electrical outlets were sketchy and I had to ask for a power bar.We paid for vip parking at 30 a night. When we came back Sat. night there was no parking so we had to park in a no parking spot. They did refund 1 day of parking but it hasn't shown on my card yet.
I booked this hotel way in advance for the Billy Joel concert because I wanted to be able to walk back to hotel instead of getting on train. At first I did not look at my reservation, my fault, and went to the Hotel Lincoln instead.I was very excited when I got here. great customer service, friendly and helpful.The desk clerk said I was not in the system so i checked my paper and he said I was at wrong hotel. The baggage guy was so nice and loaded my stuff back into my car and waited for my husband to go get car. We arrived at The Inn at Lincoln Park and it did offer parking for 30 per night and we were so tired of riding in the car we said sure. They have window air conditioners and no electric door and no elevator. I was less than thrilled but we were not going to let it ruin our night. Get to the room and it is extremely small and you have to keep you curtains open if you want air to get into the room. Everything was pretty old and out lamp shade had a big stain on it. The pillows were like postage stamps and it was def no frills. We were woken at 6 am by a loud drilling from below. Not sure what it was but I guess that is the city. The price, even being in the city was ridiculous and I should have used a Groupon for a nicer hotel and took the train to concert. This place was not that close, even to walk. I guess if you like no frills and high prices you should stay here.
My friend said he liked the charm and age of our room. Said it reminded him of a European hotel.Okay so it's 88 outside and same inside! Why two reasons One Ac is off! Two AC is clogged, and my friend mentions that it's a model from the 1970's!He had to find a way to open the front of Ac, then I took the screen and turned on the tub to wash it out. Which clogged the drain at 1st, I never knew a screen could hold so much dirt, this thing probably hadn't been cleaned for years! They need to get 2014 Acs. Other than the front lobby which was nice and cold the rest of hotel was broiling. The hall way reminded me of the place I live where its hard to breathe! Just terrible!I was thinking of giving this place a 3 but due to their low handed trickery I went with a 2 instead.The bed was hard as a board! I'm surprised I even slept. I woke up with a kink in my neck.Thankfully we did not come across anything bad that I read about...While I did see some care taken to the room, I feel the managers wishes are pie in the sky as far as improvements 2014 or 2016 etc. The bed was just horrible.Now my friend did mention something I thought was cute we got a double room with individual bathrooms, Both had big closets too. It seemed so same sex like both of these touches.The rainbow flag flew outside this hotel.My favorite thing is the tv was nice we had a 40 in Samsung. I bought a LG for my apt 2 yrs ago. Samsung actually looks a slight bit crisper or its newerLocation is what you pay for here! Although on their room key they have an ad for Domino's, walk down North Broadway and get real Chicago style pizza that was yummy from Renaldi's After Dark 2831 N Broadway StChicago, Illinois 60657 . I had the last piece of our large pie for lunch yesterday. I could only eat 3 slices it was so big, and the crust so thick.!I'm glad I gave Renaldi's pizza a try, I go to Aldi's to shop, and Aldi's had this brand Reggio's from Chicago that gave me heartburn the sauce is too rich and hot, but Renaldi's thankfully isn't anything like this. Really this was the highlight of my Chicago stop over on way back to NY. We went just before we checked in.As for this service Inn speaks of, thats kind of a joke! Let me tell you why...my friend calls on street by his parked car at 7 PM 7/21/2014 after we have eaten.At first lady can't answer his about a rate for tonight, he holds on for over 5 mins, then hangs up, calls back does it again, 3rd time they finally answer his I personally would've given up on this place after a 5 mins of non response. They need a 2nd customer service person 24/7!He asks for AARP discount and they give it to him for 40 off. So you think you're getting a good deal ....wait for it......parking....ahhhh 30 + tax to that...he states in NYC its 40 so not so bad.....anyway ..it costs 176 total for one night with tax after a 40 discount....The french toast was good, and so was the egg, it was cute how they cut up the doughnuts in half, for those watching their figure.... I thought it was nice to see my 2 milk I buy from Walmart too back home. The small danish was good and so was the choc ice frosted doughnut .There was a problem though after I ate some, I went into elevator back to our room 417.Instead I got off 3rd floor and got scared I knocked on 2 doors which I though were our side of the floor. You see they have a stupid ad for pizza on our room key but no room . My friend said they got scared cuz of the way the elevator made a jerking noise, this thing was probably never updated since the hotel began in 1910's, from what I read it was a Comfort Inn at one time, I wonder if it failed to meet standards and was dropped from the chain...Anyway my one encounter with the front desk was ok, I had to tell her his name, and got the room , went back upstairs, and gave him a hug when I saw him, this was a big traumatizing exp. To add to this I can get around Chicago without a map, and I last was in the city 20 yrs ago.I guess I just thought I wouldn't have to make a mental note of room.I don't want to write a book so I'll close by saying in a way we lucked out, cuz on Tues 7/22/2014 the Cubbies were playing a game so the hotel was sold out the rest of week!Even if it wasn't close to the perfect stay, I slept ok, and was able to survive the rest of day til my friend pushed thru to get me home at midnight!Thank you for taking the time to let me know about your stay. Please be assured I will be addressing these very valid concerns. I'm very, very sorry about your stay. Please consider staying with us again so that we can provide you with an excellent stay. Again, I'm very sorry and thank you for letting me know. Paul Schoonover - General Manager
On entry, the lobby was quite tired: old carpet, paint chipping, etc. Hallways and room had a old, dusty odor, but the window did open, so we could get fresh air. Everything in the bedroom was old (not quite historic), with rusty fixtures in the bathtub. We were on the fourth floor, so it took a long time on our first morning to get steady hot water, and then later that afternoon - no hot water at all. There is no excuse for a lack of hot water at a hotel in the Second City.The price should have given me a clue. I read the reviews here before booking and lent more credence to those that saw it as 'quaint', but in reality it's just bad. I need to be renovated top to bottom.Staff were nice enough, and maybe in the 'home country' this hotel might have been acceptable, but not here, not in Chicago, not in any major US city.Would have been much better to spend the extra 200 and stay at the Willows one block away.We apologize about the issues you had while staying at our hotel. We are not sure why you had issues with the hot water. We had not received any complaints so it may have been isolated to your room only. We are in the process of finalizing our new hotel that will be built on the current site to give our guests an updated space with many more amenities. We are not sure what the meaning of home country is but we are an american owned and operated hotel. We are an economy hotel that can offer clean, quiet rooms at a discounted rate for the traveler coming to the Chicago area. Thank you again for your comments. Paul Schoonover - General Manager
It was just a short Visit there, before we did went back to airport for our Departure. Due to one Night to spend near Airport, we gone there and it was ok there, so nothing special, but for one Night it was fully sufficient. There have been a good Breakfast Service. The Hotel have been very clean.Hotel was calm and very clean.
My stay was made spectacular due to the awesome customer service I received from one of the housekeeping staff: Teresa. This wonderful lady was truly the epitome of what customer service is all about. I was pleased with other staff members - front desk and shuttle van drivers - but Teresa is at the head of the class in this area. I was very impressed with the size of the eating area. I was very happy with the breakfast that was provided. My room was very comfortable, and contained a microwave and refrigerator. The shuttle van was definitely a bonus. Not only was there a shuttle van, but it operates 24 hours each day - at least that's what the shuttle driver told me. I've never known any hotel to have a shuttle that operates 24 hours each day, so this was very special. If you like to use public transportation as I do, you'll love the fact that the bus stops are right out front. The cost per night was very reasonable for what I received. The Wi-Fi was free, and there was never an issue. I do intend to stay at this property on my next trip to Chicago. Thanks Teresa for providing the quintessential customer service experience.
Spacious King Suite Great pillows Many near by places to eat Great service
The Moxy paints itself as a hip hotel. It's about as hip as morning radio DJs. It tries way to hard to be loose, fun, and alternative, and it misses the mark. You have to check in at a bar. They give you a free drink upon check-in. The focus here seems to be alcoholfun. Unfortunately some of us don't drink. Since the poker chip they give you immediately is cashed in for a rum concoction before you even get the chance to say anything I wouldn't recommend this place for those striving to be sober. I was disappointed by the lack of choice. (Shrug)The rooms are small, but well arranged, and have a great view outside. Unfortunately the hotels hip theme continues into the room, where just like morning radio stations, they try to create a faux funky culture with band name stickers on the door. Fans of Aerosmith, Kiss, Greenday and Red Hot Chili Peppers will enjoy, everyone else who has taste will find it annoying and a desperate attempt to be cool. The bunk beds are a great idea, but not recommended for anyone over 5'6 because their feet will hang off the end of the mattress. I would not recommend the room for people who are sharing who don't want to see each other's silhouettes in the shower since the doors are frosted but see through. The bunk bed room would be a good place for a small family or a couple of close friends. The main lobby of the hotel at night is a busy bar scene. Expect drunks, rude bouncers, and a DJ spinning dance music. The taco bar is open, but expensive. 3+ for a small bottle of water. I would recommend this place for 2 Millennial besties (at least one needs to be a proud owner of a fedora), it's in a good spot, it's a party scene, and people in their 20s don't have the same expectations as the rest of us.Noxiousburrito,Thanks for giving the Moxy Chicago a go! Were sad to hear you didnt enjoy the Moxy experience, but we're glad you gave us a shot. We hope that you enjoyed your time in Chicago and we wish you the best of travels to where ever your road may lead! Next time your travels bring you back to the Chicago area come see us at the Moxy for a delicious burrito, this ones on us!Peace. Love. Moxy.
So i had no idea what to expect with the Moxy going into it, but after one minute of being there, I knew that the place was amazing. First off, I have never been so entertained at a hotel. The music was fun to dance to, the drinks were phenominal, just ask Kathleen to make you one, and the games were so fun! (They had a two player pacman machine!!) The room itself was pretty sweet, and we had a wonderful view of the skyscrapers around the city. The front desk was amazing giving us restaurant recommendations, i forgot his name, but was either like David or Matt... point is the guy working at the Front Desk was awesome. They are like your best friends and treat you like a guest, not a peasant. Zombie Taco had wonderful food, and the lady behind the counter was wonderful. The single complaint, which isn't even that big of a deal for me, was that the bed was slightly firmer for my friend, but that wasn't even that bad for him. The housekeeping was great, front desk was great, Moxy Chicago was great. I will always keep them in mind when coming to stay in Chicago again, because they made my trip absolutely amazing.Hey Daniel P!YOUR GREAT! Thanks for hanging out with our crew at the Moxy Chicago! We love to hear that enjoyed our unique amenities and delicious tacos. We can't wait to have you back already! Peace. Love. Moxy.
Wow i loved the bar, lobby game area. i am definitely going to come back with friends again. Great music, comfortable seating area and good games. I wish they had billiards and or Ping Pong. Only frustrating things is pictionary game was missing most peices( which i get because so many people use it) but i feel like there is a better way to handle this.Hey Cda212!Thanks for the amazing feedback! We love that our fun atmosphere and funky vibes made you a new Moxy fan! Hurry back soon, we will have the games waiting!Peace. Love. Moxy.
Let me start off by saying I am a marriott Gold Status member who logged 50+ nights at Marriotts last year and year-to-date has logged 41 nights with Marriott. I'm always on the lookout for reasonably priced business hotels. Let's just say that this isn't one of them. Several Cons about the hotel and rooms:- There are no irons in the rooms, you have to go to a communal ironing room. This makes it weird when you have to get dressed in the morning to go iron your clothes. For the road warrior who likes to iron in the AM after they get out of the shower, it makes it awkward.. - The showers are literally in the bedroom with no defined bathroom area. When you get out of the shower onto the wood floors, you get water all over the floors next to your bed area. - The rooms are the sizes of coffins. - There is absolutely no storage in the rooms for clothes (no closet, no real hanger system to hang work shirts or coats, no drawers. You have no option other than to live out of a suitcase, which is even a problem because there is no real benching area or room to put your suitcase. The goal of this hotel is to create an experience for the guest. They want the guest to be driven out of the room to the common area lobbies to spend time with other guests and to spend money in the lobby. Unfortunately for those of us who need to do work or are looking for some relaxing quiet time, this hotel doesn't allow you to accomplish that. When you are in the lobby, they are blaring club music and at night times, they have a DJ who also blares club music. It's just a lot of crummy club music. The other issue I had was the excessive promotion of alcohol consumption. It was no stop. Although I enjoy alcohol, I could see how someone who didn't or who is in recovery from alcohol could feel weird when staying here. For someone who has stayed at Marriotts roughly 50 times per year for business and for pleasure, i would never recommend someone going to this hotel. It's a terrible hotel with minimal space and an overarching desire to try to be overly cool. I can't stress how much i actually hated staying at this hotel. It was terrible.Hello 575bjacobs,We are so sorry to hear about the poor experience you had at the Moxy Chicago. Our goal is for our guests to be comfortable and enjoy all of our unique amenities and we hate that we let you down. We value every bit of feedback - good, bad, and in-between. We do now offer irons, upon request, in our guest rooms, along with additional hangers and storage containers that slide directly under the bed in order to help better cater to the needs of our beloved business travelers. We hate to see you leave, but realize the Moxy experience may not be for everyone or those expecting the traditional hotel stay. While we know this does not help your experience, we hope you will accept our apologies. We wish you the safest of travels.Peace. Love. Moxy
We stayed here for a wedding and thought it was the perfect location for the Rogers Park area. The staff was wonderfully accommodating and the hotel is clean, and nicely appointed. The complimentary breakfast starting at 6am was great so we were able to take...MoreDear C8810CAmaryd, Thank you so much for your kind words about our hotel. Our job is to make sure our guests have a pleasant experience while staying with us, and we are humbled by your kind words. Thank you once again for taking the time...More
We have stayed here numerous times when it was a Super 8 and just stayed there again this past holiday weekend after it changed to Pinckneyville Inn. The rooms are clean, the staff is friendly, the pool is a huge plus and it is very affordable. We will defiantly be staying here again in the future!
The property was extremely clean, no rust in the showers, i had a double bed non smoking room, the beds were small, but it was comfortable. The front desk clerk named Chelz was very personable, and she went above and beyond! Thank You Again Chelz. My baby Loved the swimming pool, and the work out facility.
This was my second time to stay and a good hotel! Staff is great. A/C works great! Not a bad drive to the world shooting complex. Breakfast is small but good waffles. Swimming pool is indoor and clean. I will return!
Right on Michigan ave so great location, easy to get to everything. Amenities were fine for this price point. But the service was off the charts everything we wanted or needed from picture taking, to a late night snack of chocolate was taken care of and usually by Myron Jackson he was just fabulous. Thank you for making our stay memorable, comfortable and accomodating!!Dear FranklinFilly,Thank you so much for your recent 5 star review. We are so happy that you enjoyed your stay. Our team members are the ones that make guests stay go above and beyond. Myron is Magnificent and is our Front Desk Supervisor. We are so happy to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us.We look forward to seeing you again soon!Kindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
My husband, 18 year old son and I made our first visit to Chicago and stayed here on the 19th floor of the Comfort Suites on Michigan Avenue. It was a great choice! The elevators were fast (good for a claustraphobic like me!), our suite was roomy and had all the conveniences we needed, and the view of the river, the street below and the amazing architecture around us was outstanding! Other than taking the Metra one day to the Museum of Science and Industry, we walked everywhere. There were more restaurants, shopping and theatres close by than we could ever visit in one trip. I felt totally safe at all times, and having a 7 Eleven just a few doors down was so convenient. I definitely recommend this hotel for families because of the washer and dryer, full kitchen and space. We had a large walk-in closet along with two smaller closets, and the living space was very spacious, even with two beds. Being in the middle of the shopping district and the park was great! All of the staff that we encountered were courteous, friendly and helpful. The parking was not a big deal (that actually was my biggest worry). We simply turned the car over to the attendant at the Hard Rock Hotel. We carried our bags ourselves to and from the hotel (a half block walk). The cost of parking is high, but it is everywhere in downtown. It did look like the self-parking lot was only a block further from the hotel, and we probably would use that next time, since we carried our own luggage anyway. (It's a lot cheaper) We did not move our car the whole time we were there, since everything was either within walking distance or the train.Dear smokemom,Thank you so much for your recent 5 star review. Your review was so great detailed. We are so glad that you enjoyed your stay and our location. Thank you for all of the great comments.Kindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
Loved the location and the staff was very friendly.There was everything we needed. Though we only stayed one night, we could see ourselves coming back for more night here. The kitchen was stocked in what we would have needed (we checked) and the bed was comfy, there was even a washer and dryer for pete's sake!We had a good view, and the noise was not a problem.I guess the only drawback I could think of was parking. We though parked through Spot Hero and got a good price.Dear Misty58,Thank you very much for the time to write a review - we are all very happy that you enjoyed your stay with us.We look forward to welcoming you back again soon.Kindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
My husband and I met friends in Chicago recently for a three night get-away. We stayed in a one bedroom suite on the 21st floor. The room was fantastic...large living room/kitchen with a separate bedroom and a beautiful view of the river. The room even had a washer/dryer, which was very helpful. The location is perfect...right on the Magnificent Mile, close to the Chicago River, Grant Park, Millennium Park, great restaurants and shopping. The hotel staff were very helpful, accommodating and friendly. In short, I would highly recommend this hotel!Dear LaurenW11,Thank you so much for your review. Our staff will really enjoy your comment on the personalized service that we offer. We do have a great location and our hotel room size is one the largest in the city. We hope to see you soon!Please tell me if I can personally make your next reservation.Best Regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
Without a doubt the Comfort Suites location, room size and housekeeping are all A1, however we were somewhat disappointed with the staff's knowledge, actual room facilities and the breakfast.Staff were not that familiar with basic questions about the area and indeed gave incorrect information. Such basic information as to shuttle buses to the airport was met with - you can look it up online as was our enquiry about the hop on- hop off tour. Our room also did not have the advertised washer dryer and when we approached the front desk - we were asked 3 times whether we were sure that there was none in the room (sadly we do know what a washer/dryer looks like) and then told that they are upgrading washer dryers on floor 11 - mixed messages!Finally the breakfast was disappointing - at 8.30am - all out of hot food and at 6.30am a fairly limited choice. All in all - a very average stay.Thank you for taking the time to provide your feedback regarding your recent stay at our hotel. On behalf of our entire team, I would like to apologize for failing to exceed your expectations with our breakfast and staff service. Your satisfaction is important to us and we will be using the feedback you provided to make improvements to ensure we offer an exceptional experience for our guests in the future. If I can be of any further assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me at the property. I hope that you will consider staying with us again when you are next in Chicago so that we can have another chance to provide you with a superior experience.With Warm Regards,Natalie Furka-PadgettGeneral Manager
This hotel was perfectly located for our Chicago/Hamilton mini vacation. I went here with my parents and we were delighted with the size of the suite. The living area was spacious and had a small pull out sofa, a chair and desk area. Plenty of room to rest or visit when not seeing the sights. The location was great for seeing Millennium Park, boat tours, theater for Hamilton and the Mag Mile. It was easy to stop in to our room to have a short rest, or somewhere to put up your feet for 30 minutes while out seeing Chicago. The breakfast area was slightly cramped, but we always found a table. It offered pancakes, waffles, eggs, sausage, cereals, yogurts, breads and fruit. My only downfall would be the pull out bed-it had the bar, like majority of pull out sofas do. But it definitely was not the worst that Ive slept on. I slept fine all 3 nights we stayed there. If you are taking the train in, get off at the State Lake stop. It was an easy 5 minute walk from there. I would definitely come back to this hotel. Dear Carriehep,Thank you so much for your recent 5 star review. We are so happy to hear that you enjoyed our prime location on Michigan Avenue. We are a converted apartment building so we offer so of the most spacious suites on Chicago's Mag Mile.We look forward to seeing you again soon!Kindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
Excellent location. Wonderful, friendly, attentive staff. The free breakfast was a higher level than most properties. Our room had a kitchenette and a washer dryer. The rate was incredible for downtown Chicago. I look forward to returning.Dear jeffbell555,Thank you for your recent 5 star review. I am so thrilled that you enjoyed your stay! Thank you so much for taking the time to write a review and to point out so many of the great things about the Comfort Suites Michigan Avenue! We really appreciate it and hope that you will come to visit us again soon.Kindest regards, Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
Perfect location. Spotless Hotel. Free Breakfast. Walking distance to Navy Pier, River Walk, parks and shopping. Our room included a separate bedroom, full kitchen and balcony (what a view). I can not say enough about the wonderful staff(Jason, Myron and Tian) were always attentive to our needs. This will definitely be our go to hotel on our yearly trips to Chicago!!Dear smabma-adventures,Thank you for your recent 5 star review. I do appreciate your comments on the hotel being spotless, the breakfast and the accommodations. Jason, Myron and Tian are great team members at our front desk.We look forward to seeing you again soon!Kindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
Disappointed with the condition of the hotel. One of the rooms we booked had cardboard and tape covering the window. The refrigerator was not working and spoiled the food we put in it. No manager on duty and the manager is slow to respond. Several days later they responded they were sorry by email, however its been 2 weeks now and no further response on making right the situation.Dear Jeff R,Thank you for your recent review. The primary AC unit had failed. So we placed a temporary unit in the room. This was the reason for why the tape and cardboard. It was repaired upon check out. I did not get a notification on the fridge not working during your stay. I do apologize for both of these issues you had. These are not common occurrences as you can tell by other reviews on this site. If you would can you call me at the hotel and we can speak more about thisKindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
We were pleasantly surprised by how great this hotel was. The rooms were very clean, the front desk staff was very prompt, accommodating and attentive to our needs. The location was ideal. Having a kitchen and separate seating area so we did not all have to go to bed at the same time was ideal with young children.I was so pleased to read your review and glad that you found us to be a plesant surprise and that you found our hotel to be ideal for your family. We would love to have you come visit us again, thank you!
Excellent location, walking distance from numerous points of interest. The suite was spacious and clean the staff was friendly the daily breakfast had a nice variety of hot and cold items concierge services to assist with questions or to arrange tourist activities (e.g. bus tours, etc. - they will get you discounts as well) great restaurants in walking distance, up the street from the Miracle Mile shopping district as well as the theater district. The suite was reasonably priced, which included complimentary items like breakfast, hot beverages 24 hours a day, etc. handicap friendly. Very happy to recommend this hotel, I would certainly stay there again.Dear mgonzalez807,Thank you for your recent 4 star review. We do appreciate the great comments on our suites, team members and breakfast. Thank you for the recommendation.We look forward to seeing you again soon!Kindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
Loved this hotel - all the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Our one bedroom suite was a great size, tastefully furnished and very clean. Location-wise it was excellent - close walking distance to most attractions and right at the start of the Magnificent Mile. Highly recommended!Thank you for sharing your experience. I was so glad to read you enjoyed our spacious suites and our perfect downtown Chicago location. We look forward to welcoming you back!
Comfort Suites Michigan Ave/Loop is in a perfect location. Midway between the museums and shopping located just steps from the Chicago River. We had a very generously-sized suite with full kitchen and plenty of room to move around in. Everything was clean. Details: the bathroom door didn't fit/hard to close vanity drawers opened into door-jam towels were not replaced consistently and there wasn't dishwashing soap in the kitchen. For the entire week, some channels on tv weren't available (Basic Cable) the lobby computers were down.Staff were always helpful and pleasant but some things were out of their control.The actual toilet/tub room was beyond small. The overall bathroom would be better served if the door was placed on the hallway.For the price and convenience, this was an acceptable place to stay and I would stay there again.Dear JSharp2014,Thank you for your recent review. I am so happy that you enjoyed our team's service and the size of the rooms. I do apologize for the door not closing properly and the replacement of towels and we will look into this and have it corrected. We don't offer dish washing soap in our suites for the reason that our housekeeping team cleans all of the dishes daily. We are in the process of upgrading our entire TV system to offer 72 HD channels which will correct your issues. I do apologize for the business center being down while you were here. The computers are brand new and the provider placed an update on them that allowed them not to work. However this issue has been corrected.We look forward to seeing you again soon!Kindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
We had a fantastic stay in Chicago at the Comfort Suites. Right in the heart of the city, easy access to everything! I really enjoyed the space the room afforded (there were four of us) and the hot breakfast was an added bonus. The staff was very friendly - when we needed some extra supplies for the kitchen they were brought to our room very quickly. This is an awesome hotel.I am so happy you had a fantastic stay and that you found our staff helpful and accomodating. I too love our views. We would love to welcome you back next time you are in Chicago. Thank you!
Traveling with 110 people (include 95 students) can be challenging at best, and the chosen property is one of the biggest challenges. The Comfort Suites not only met our needs, but exceeded them. With outstanding staff at the front desk (Myron and Diana get Gold++ stars) and an outstanding group sales Manager (Josh) our group flew over any bumps. The smaller lobby and (2) elevators still processed our check-in and departure easily. The breakfast was wonderful and breakfast room (and adjoining Community Room) accommodated our 110 people easily. The rooms are very large, with the kitchen and washer/dryer huge plusses. The hotel staff was wonderful enough to unplug 37 stoves (so our students weren't tempted to misbehave). That's the kind of staff we are dealing with. Whether you are traveling on business, or with family, or a large group, this property will make your stay awesome!!! Many thanks again to the Comfort Suites. Coral w/Celestial Travel Tours, Denver, CODear Coral,Thank you so much for you recent 5 star review. We are so happy that your group enjoyed the hotel. The students were a pleasure to have at the hotel. I am so happy that our team provided your group with great customer service.We look forward to having your group return to the hotel!Kindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
Great hotel, only three months old, all you need in a suite, washer/dryer, fridge/stove/microwave, safe. Great bed. Convient to the shopping, restaurants, etc. would stay here againThank you so much for your review on the hotel. Our suites are some of the largest in city. We do offer one the best locations in the heart of Chicago. We hope to see you again soon.Please tell me if I can personally make your next reservation.Best Regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
+ Awesome full kitchen in the room. Walked next door to Walgreens for frozen pizzas.+ Subway is 3 doors down, Walgreens next door, 7-11 around the corner. Everything you need!+HUGE rooms, clean. When we all decided to hang out in one room for a while we very comfortably had 8 people in there with room to spare.+Good breakfast, though it is crowded and we brought our breakfast to the room every day.+ Within blocks of public transport.- Elevators are slow.- Lobby is very small and congested when checking in and out.- It is downtown, so parking is spendy. (35)Thank you so much for your review. We appreciate it! We hope to see you back again.Best Regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
Never, I repeat, never, have I ever experienced the personal attention I received at this hotel. The director of sales (Patrick) and sales manager (Kristina) went over and above to make sure that my stay was the best it could be. I was upgraded to a 2 BR suite and they bought me tickets to a Cubs game (which I reimbursed them). Their willingness to help plan my days were unparalleled.This hotel is a tremendous value, considering its ideal location on Michigan Avenue and its price which includes a small breakfast. I recommend it without any reservation.Thank you Jeff for your kind words and for your business. It was a joy helping you and your family plan your Chicago trip, both Kristina and I would like to have you all come back and visit us again next summer!
I wanted to love this hotel. They have a great location - it was convenient to everything! Sadly, that was the best thing about this Comfort Suites. I'm not difficult to please - I don't require that much. But, when I went to the first room I was given, the door was open. The halls are so long, I couldn't see who was in the room, but I certainly wasn't going to walk in to determine who it was. I went back to the lobby to be told that it was probably housekeeping and that I should go in anyone. Ummm, no thank you. What if it's not housekeeping They called and tried to find out and, after 5 minutes or so, I asked if I could just get a new room. They did it, but why not come up with that on their own without me asking for it Three times during my two night stay, I had to get my key reactivated. My room wasn't as clean as I would expect it. There was hair that wasn't mine in the shower. My sheets weren't completely clean. It was just disappointing.Dear Julie G,Thank you for your recent review. I do apologize for the issues you had at the hotel. This is not a common occurrence at the property. We recently hired a few new housekeepers and they have made a few errors. They will be retrained and the issues will be corrected going forward. Our key cards do deactivate if they are placed near a credit card, cell phone or magnate. We try to suggest placing the key card away from items like these. Also keeping it in the paper key card envelope when not in use.I hope you will try us out again. When you do return to Chicago please contact me directly and I would love to set you up.Kindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
I chose this hotel for its location and because it had a microwave and refrigerator (I love to be able to have my own snacks and beverages) but I was amazed when I saw the room! It was huge and nicely decorated! It had a full kitchen including stove, dishes, pots, etc., 3 large closets, and even a washer and dryer! The staff was incredibly pleasant and helpful and the complimentary breakfast was great too, including a hot entree and make your own waffles.Thank you for your business and for sharing your experience. We are happy you enjoyed our complimentary Full-American Breakfast and the amenities in your newly renovated suite. I truly hope to welcome you back as our guest!
Very accommodating to my early check in 1:00 and late check out times. Room well situated, clean and staff was awesome. Good breakfast too. Recommended to anyone looking to save a few bucks for a suite in a great location.Chris Magdaleno was particularly helpful and made my stay hassle free!Dear spdashe,Thank you so much for your recent 5 star review. We are so happy that you enjoyed your stay with us. Thank you for the great comments on the hotel and our breakfast. Chris is a great team member is one of our supervisors at our Front Desk.We look forward to seeing you again soon!Kindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
I have traveled a lot and I didn't think I would think much of this hotel but I was pleasantly surprised. Literally the pillows were so comfortable I contacted management and bought some for my bed at home! Awesome stay!Thank you for your review, I am so glad you were pleasantly surprised with your stay and loved our bedding. We would love to welcome you back and please feel free to contact me directly for any needs!
The hotel is in an ideal location. South of river, so easy to catch Boat tours. 3 blocks from Millenium park. Hotel is a nice large efficiency, comfortable beds. The free breakfast is adequate and fine, plenty of seating, free paper in front of hotel door in morning. Nice touch.The concierge services were outstanding. I dealt with two people, one at check in and check out, The other early in the morning. I had tons of questions about restaurants, how far things are, how to get back home, help logging into my IPad, the list was endless. Friendly and helpful and patient. Thank you so much, you really took some of the anxiety away.Thank you for your kind compliments on the staff service. Our staff will be delighted to hear they were able to make your trip less stressful. When you are next in Chicago, we would be honored to welcome you back.With Warm Regards,Natalie Furka-PadgettGeneral Manager
This suite Htel was excellent in every way: location.... short walk to millenium park, the Art Museum, Walgreens fi supplies, the train etc etcComfortable and spacious accom, full kitchen and with plenty of choices in the breakfast included in room rate. Great to have a laundry in the suite.Friendly staff who were quick to answer questions and be of help if needed. Special thanks to Fatima who gave us a very warm welcome on checkin.Superb value for money!Dear Robyn37Thank you for your recent 5 star review. I am so thrilled that you enjoyed your stay! Thank you so much for taking the time to write a review and to point out so many of the great things about the Comfort Suites Michigan Avenue! We really appreciate it and hope that you will come to visit us again soon.Kindest regards, Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
Great weekend stay - friendly and helpful staff, clean rooms and as a bonus we got upgraded too, many thanks to Brandon and his exceptional hospitality for the breathtaking view from our spacious suite on the 22nd floor .Will definitely stay there during next visit to Chicago.We delighted to see that you enjoyed our breathtaking views! Brandon will be delighted to see your kind compliments. We look forward to having you with us again when you are next in Chicago.With Warm Regards,Natalie Furka-PadgettGeneral Manager
The main desk workers were very kind and even allowed us to check in early. Very spacious living area with full sized refrigerator. Set up for room had good acoustics that blocked noise from the living room from filtering in from the bedroom. I gave it 4 stars only because I would have liked a longer couch and there was some weird dripping sound in the walls and the bathroom floor was oddly wet when we entered.Dear CourtneyRobyn,Thank you for your recent 4 star review. I am so happy that you enjoyed our team's fantastic service. Also thank you for your comments on our room size. The floor was wet do to some carpet cleaning. I do apologize for this.We look forward to seeing you again soon!Kindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
Had a very nice room. Plenty of space. Clean and a good price. Daughters and husband's room had an order to it but we're very willing to change their room for them. Tub was missing a stopper but a wash rag worked ok. Nice big tub. Would stay here again.Dear James W,Thank you for your recent 4 star review. We are so happy that you enjoyed your stay. Thank you for the compliments on the clean room and good price. We look at those items you mentioned in your daughters room.We look forward to seeing you again soon!Kindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
My family stayed here on June 7/17/15-7/19/15 and was very pleasantly surprised by this property! It is a smaller hotel so if you are looking for a swimming pool, huge lobby and restaurants on-site this is not the hotel for you. If you are looking for a fantastic location, friendly and professional staff, and very clean nicely decorated rooms that are priced very reasonable for the location then this is the place. We stayed in the 2 bedroom 2 bath apartment that is on the top floor and was amazed by the size and the views you had of the city! If you are traveling with your family or with another couple this would be so worth it! My kids were so excited to stay here and have such a view of Chicago! Great value! You do get breakfast included in the morning which is alright and is nice when traveling with your family. I will stay here next time I come to Chicago!Dear sharon w,Thank you so much for your 4 star review. We are so happy that you enjoyed your stay. Our 26th floor is great thank you for mentioning it. The hotel is great hotel with great accommodations and the best location.We look forward to seeing you again soon!Kindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
Beautiful and clean room, and the staff member Amanda Miranda stayed on the phone with me through Chicago traffic guiding me to the hotel as my GPS wasn't working. The staff went way above and beyond!Dear walleraw,Thank you so much for your recent 5 star review. Amanda is the best and our guest service manager. I am so happy to hear that she was able to assist you. Thank you for the compliments on our product and the cleanness of the hotel. We look forward to see you again soon.Kindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
Here's the good:1) Location - right on Michigan Ave -- walk to Millennium Park, walk to the theatre for Hamilton, walk the Magnificent Mile.2) Big suite. We stayed in 2304 -- 23rd floor -- very roomy. I think our room used to be an apartment. Maybe this whole hotel was once either apartments or condos. Our suite has a full kitchen (small oven, small fridge/freezer) and living room, and then there was a separate bedroom. Bonus: an apartment-size stackable washer and dryer right in the bedroom closet! We had been on vacation for a week already, so we were thrilled to be able to do some laundry. The bad/annoying:1) It's older and it shows. The bathroom in our unit looks like the bathroom of your friend's house that hasn't been remodeled in a while. Especially the tub with the semi-nasty non-slip stuff on the bathtub floor. The corners of the bathroom were dirty, with caulk that had seen better days. 2) The counter area around the bathroom sink is very small -- picky, I know, but sometimes we women need space to put out all our stuff!3) There are only two elevators to serve 25 (26) floors. One is very small, and they are both always busy.4) Although a typical Comfort Suites breakfast, for the kind of the money we paid for this room, I'd like to see them up their game a little.5) It's kind of nice to be able to have ice in your room for beverages. Even though there was a fridge/freezer in our room, there were no automatic ice maker or even good old-fashioned ice trays in the room. For the entire hotel, there was only one ice machine. It was on the first floor (23 floors down on a slow elevator), in the breakfast room, and it was the kind intended to fill just your glass. Naturally, it was out of ice a couple of different times during the few days we were there. If you want to stay at this hotel, throw a couple of plastic ice trays (if you still own some!) into your suitcase. You'll thank me later! Something to know:Parking is across the street and 1/2 a block south. 40/night and that's getting your parking ticket validated -- otherwise it's 49/night. Also, you don't just pay the way you normally do when you leave a parking garage -- a machine or an attendant. You have to walk up to the parking garage office (in an office building) and pay there. It's not so bad, you just have to know the system and allow extra time.Dear Marie J,Thank you for your recent review. The hotel was a converted apartment building. We offer the largest suites on Michigan Avenue. All with full kitchens and washer and dryers. Our location is within walking distance to all of the area attractions. Each year we update an area within the hotel. We recently replaced all of our sofas in our rooms. Remodeled our lobby and common areas. Self parking is a little difficult to get your discount. We don't own the garage only get the reduced rate for you. However the trade off is paying over 60 per night at the another area hotel. So you do save a little money with our program.We look forward to seeing you again soon!Kindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
Stayed here for 3 nights and were very satisfied. The price was fair even with the extra 48 a night for parking. Location was excellent as it was close to bus stops and centrally located to most everything you would want to go and see. Staff was very helpful and polite. The only thing I would say is the breakfast was a little lame even for the choice hotel line. All three mornings we went for breakfast the food was either cold or not there at all. No butter, coffee was never full, bread items ran out and were not refilled promptly. If they could fix the breakfast problems they would get 5 stars from me.Dear Joseph P,Thank you for taking the time to write a review on your experience with us. We are very glad you enjoyed your stay.I am sorry that you did not have a great breakfast experience. I will bring your issue up with my team and make sure to correct them.We look forward to your returning again on the futureRobert HumphreyGeneral Manager
I stayed here for a week with my daughter while she was auditioning for grad school. The price was reasonable, it offered breakfast and had a washer/dryer so it seemed perfect for us. I was expecting a small room but we got a HUGE room with a kitchenette, washer/dryer and lots of closet space. The breakfast was perfect for us with lots of choices of items. The staff was always welcoming and the beds were really comfortable. I couldn't ask for a better room. It was conveniently located between all of the areas we needed to go and there were restaurants close by. It was also very close to the train. I would definitely stay here again and I highly recommend it. It looks unassuming from the outside but you'll love what you get inside.Dear sgilmore61,Thank you so much for your recent 5 star review. Our hotel rooms are some of the largest in the city. We are so glad that you enjoyed the service and amenities of the property.We look forward to seeing you again soon!Kindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
We stayed here with two kids, 10 7, and loved the suite and the location. Make sure you walk down to Wildberry for breakfast! Millenium park is an easy walk too. The Suite was perfect and clean with a door to the king bedroom, which surprisingly is not a given in some hotel suites. Staff was courteous and helpful too.The only downsides are what they can't help being downtown, I suppose. The night city noise was pretty loud in our room, which bothered our kids a little. Rooms are small, but we weren't staying in downtown Chicago so we could hang out in our room!Dear Carl,Thank you so much for your review. We do have a great location that is close to everything that you need in Chicago. I am gald that you and your family enjoyed there stay.Best Regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
On the drive to the Field Museum in Chicago for a family outing the weather turned from a drizzle of rain to ice snow. Knowing that it would be impossible to return home that night we stopped at a rest area made a reservation at the Comfort Suites on Michigan Avenue. After a day of exploring exhibits, we left the museum campus in miserable weather but were treated to a magnificent night at this fantastic hotel. Not only was the location perfect for the view convenience to destinations, the room was large (and included a washer dryer in the closet to handle the wet clothes), the staff was friendly helpful the breakfast more than filled the boys. We've already made two more reservations for this location. Dear grandmaw2016,Thank you for your recent 5 star review. We are so happy that you enjoyed our location, room and breakfast. That is great you made multiple reservations for future stays. Thank you! We love our returning guests.We look forward to seeing you again soon!Kindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
I stayed in this hotel during a business trip - 3 nights. The room is pretty big, a little dated, but still nice for the price. Location is great, near good restaurants and attractions. You can walk to the magnificent mile.Breakfast is simple but nice and the gym is pretty good. Overall, nothing to complain.Dear FlavioQ,Thank you so much for your recent 4 star review. We are so happy that you enjoyed your stay on your business trip. Thank you also for the compliments on the hotel.We look forward to seeing you again soon!Kindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
I stayed here for the location and conveniences. I needed a washing machine as I pack only a small carry-on and was visiting the US for two weeks. I used to live in Chicago so I know the city really well and know this location is close to everything. So from the standpoint of basically renting a one bedroom apartment in downtown Chicago, there's no place better and I enjoyed my corner room as it was very quiet and cosy. The downside is that the hotel rooms are in need of a face lift, new coat of paint, windows without a haze in the them, new carpet etc. The closet door was missing in my bedroom so when I opened my eyes, the first thing I saw each morning was my washing machine. But, my washing machine was the hero of my stay and I used it every day. The breakfast was adequate. The staff were friendly and helpful. The elevators were painfully slow so have some patience. Overall, if you can overlook the tiredness of this hotel and you need a washing machine/dryer or a kitchen, then by all means, this is perfect. Dear 5KPK,Thank you so much for your 4 star review. I am so happy to hear that you made our hotel your second home in Chicago. Our rooms are converted apartments so they are very large and great for long term stays. We do have future plans for various updates for the property. Currently we are replacing sofas and have replaced our top floors with new stainless steel appliances. Other updates included New Breakfast room furniture, common area updates and new a new lobby. Each year we update a new item. We look forward to seeing you again soon.Kindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
My husband I have stayed at the Comfort Suites on many occasionsThe most recent being Aug 6th Aug 18th19thThe staff is very helpful friendlythe suites are always clean very comfortable the location is fantastic and it's a great valueNext time we are in Chicago that's where we'll stayMr Mrs SMr. and Mrs. S. I loved reading your review and am so glad you continue to visit us and that you find our hotel to be a gem with great staff and a great location. We cannot wait to welcome you both back. Thank you!
I have stayed in many Comfort Suites in the past 10 years and this was the best for us. The hotel is very clean and it is in a great location of Chicago and close to all attractions. Just a shame that the weather was so bad that for the last 2 days of our stay we had to stay indoor.Thank you so much for taking the time to share your experience. The staff will be thrilled to see your kind compliments. When you are next in Chicago, we hope that the weather is much warmer and that we can welcome you back!Warm Regards,Natalie Furka-PadgettGeneral Manager
Stayed for 10 days. No problems with lifts despite being on 23rd floor. Room was quiet, Except for the air con (every hotel seems to have super noisy aircon) and spacious and comfortable. Didn't need the cooker but the hob looked a bit the worse for wear. Breakfast fine and with decent choice. But the waste from everything being disposable! Space can be at a premium after 0800 even with the overspill into the conference room but we always got a seat and table. N.B. Water needs to be hot not warm to make a good cup of tea, not always the case atbreakfast or at the coffee/tea station behind the lobby. Overall a good choice as so convenient for the Loop/millennium and Grant Park and Magnificent MileDear Jane W,Thank you for your recent review. I am delighted to learn that your stay was to your satisfaction and that you enjoyed our spacious suites, amenities, location and our service. On behalf of my team, we look forward to your return visit from England.Kindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
Great value for business or leisure travel..comfortable and roomy, clean rooms. Good breakfast include. And parking was very convent . Staff was very helpful. We plan on using this location in future.Dear Sam G,Thank you for your recent 4 review. We are so happy to hear that you enjoyed our breakfast and the teams service. The hotel is great location for either leisure or business guests.We look forward to seeing you again soon!Kindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
We booked our room for Saturday night since we came to the city for a concert at Chicago Theater. Upon arrival at hotel, we were just a tad too early, so our room was not quite ready. The front desk agents offered to hold our bags for us while we went and grabbed a bite to eat while our room was getting ready. When we arrived back, we checked in, which was super quick and fast! We were offered a free upgrade for a city view.....it was AMAZING! Before hopping onto the elevator, we grabbed a complimentary coffee and water from their 24 hour hydration station. When we arrived into our room, it was better than expected! Room is HUGE, especially for being in downtown Chicago. The kitchen is equipped with a stove, fridge, and breakfast bar area, living room has a desk, couch, tv, and large windows that open out that allow for awesome views! Bedroom is in a separate room....bed is SUPER comfortable which was great for us after a really late night out in the city!!! We did not take advantage of the complimentary hot breakfast, because we woke up later than we planned to and was rushing to catch our train. Next time we visit, we will hopefully take advantage of it! If you are looking for a great hotel with WONDERFUL staff, comfortable beds, large rooms, and GREAT location...book NOW, you won't be disappointed!!! We travel to the city several times a year, stay in many different hotels, and this will now be our go to hotel every time we come to Chicago! We look forward to coming back as guests in June for our 5 year wedding anniversary!Dear StephanieLaFrance,I am so thrilled that you enjoyed your stay! Thank you so much for taking the time to write a review and to point out so many of the great things about the Comfort Suites Michigan Avenue! We look forward to seeing you for your wedding anniversary in June!Kindest regards, Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
All of what is said below is true! Wonderful location and rooms. I liked having a separate bedroom, living space, kitchen amenities, and laundry area. This building is 26 stories high with only 4-5 rooms per floor. It's tiny footprint leaves a very congested first floor, with guests squeezing by each other in the cramped hallways. Due to the number of floors and guests, working elevators were a necessity. Unfortunately, one quit operating midway through our stay. The nine flight trip down the stairs was fine, but going up was difficult for those with health issues.Thank you so much for your review. We appreciate it! We hope to see you back again.Best Regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
This is the best place to stay if you're planning to visit downtown Chicago. Calling for a cab is not needed as both locals and visitors walk all over the place. If you go north, walk cross the Chicago river and you'll end up in the Magnificent Mile. If you head southwest, you'll end up in the Loop where the elevated train tracks circle around this part of the neighborhood. And then if you head east, then you'll run straight into Lake Michigan but only after passing through Grant Park. As you're walking around, soak in the atmosphere and enjoy the views!Dear MrEdnWilbur,Thank you for your recent review. We do have an excellent value and location. We are are glad that you enjoyed your stay.We hope to see you again soon.Kindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
Overall a very nice experience at the Comfort Suites. Positives: The staff were ALL incredibly nice and helpful. Rooms were clean at check in. Washer and dryer in the room was a terrific perk, and came in handy with a week long stay. Nice breakfast - simple, but always had fresh fruit, yogurt, oatmeal and then the usual cooked items. Location could not be better, lots to see and do in the area, and lots of dining options.Not such positives:Daily housekeeping could do a better job - cleaning off kitchen counter, throwing away used coffee cups, etc. Rooms are a bit dated, and the sofa bed is in serious need of a new mattress (could feel every spring). Air conditioning was not great - especially in the hallway near our room. Only 2 elevators (tall, narrow hotel) so sometimes had to wait quite a while to get back to our room (or down to the lobby). we were on the 20th floor, so walking down stairs was not a great option.Dear TravlinGal1959,Thank you so much for your recent 4 star review. Thank you so much for your great positive comments on the team members, room being clean at check in and our amenities. Next month all of our sofa's will be replaced with memory foam mattresses and new sofa's. I do applogize for this experience but we are working on replacing them. We look forward to seeing you again soon!Kindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
This is a great hotel to stay at. First, the moment you walk in their door you feel special. When we checked in the people there were so nice and helpful. When we arrived early they stored our luggage, so we could tour the city. Brandon, especially was very good to us. He helped with directions, maps, luggage, and even hailed a cab for us, The room was awesome, It was comfortable, clean, and we were surprised to see a washer and dyer in an out cove. The location was near all the touristy places, shopping malls, and easy to access transportation. The breakfast was great and had a great variety of food to choose from. We really loved our room and the service at this hotel..They only have two elevators, so that can be a small problem. When one of the elevators broke down, they had one of their managers running it manually, which was very helpful, and the service man was there very quick. I would definitely stay there again, and would recommend it highly.Dear Lorraine R,I am so thrilled that you enjoyed your stay! Thank you so much for taking the time to write a review and to point out so many of the great things about the Comfort Suites Michigan Avenue! We really appreciate it and hope that you will come to visit us again soon!Kindest regards, Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
I read other reviews after my husband had done research and made reservations at the Michigan Ave Comfort Suites. Now that I've spent two nights there, I can tell new readers what to believe.The good: 1. The location is excellent. Close to El stations, downtown shopping, the river, and the park. There are good restaurants nearby, like Sweetwater, as well as a couple of fast food places. And if you need something for your mosquito bites, Walgreen's is also very close. But if you want any groceries for the little kitchenette in your room you will have to either bring them with you or find City Groceries about three blocks away.2. The front desk staff are very friendly and helpful. Ask them anything--they just want to please.3. The suites are quiet and have a bedroom with a very comfy bed, t.v., washer/dryer, as well as a living room and kitchen with a t.v. It felt like a little apartment. There are lots of windows, but not all of them have a great view many of them look on to other buildings.The not so good: 1. ELEVATORS. There are only two VERY SMALL elevators for 26 floors, and during our stay one of them was out of service. About 25 of the time, the elevator was too full and we had to wait (and wait!) for it to come back. This can really slow you down. Of course, there are stairs, so if you're fit and on a low enough floor, this might not be an issue.2. BREAKFAST. Comfort Suites offers a free continental breakfast that is quite mediocre. Poor quality (cheap) sandwich bread for toast, stale donuts, bagels, and pastries, cereal, waffles, sausage links, scrambled egg patties, juices, coffee, and fruit (only apples and bananas). It's a busy place in the morning and it's over at 9:00 am.So, in my opinion the good outweighs the bad and I can recommend this hotel with this advice: 1. Ask for a room on one of the lower floors, and 2. If a tasty breakfast is important to you, do some research and find a good restaurant.Thank you so much for taking the time to share your experience. We cannot thank you enough for your understanding and patience during the elevator issue we experienced. We certainly try to put our best foot forward and apologize for this inconvenience during your stay. We apologize that the breakfast offerings did not meet your expectations. We would certainly be delighted to have another opportunity to have you with us and experience a flawless stay. Please do not hesitate to contact us when your travels next bring you to Chicago.Safe Travels,Natalie Furka-PadgettGeneral Manager
A few of my friends and I stayed at the comfort suites for NYE 2010 and we were so amazed by the suite that we booked. It was beautiful, plus we had a great view of downtown Chicago. The suite was clean from ceiling to floor. The kitchen, bathrooms, and bedrooms were spotless!!! The staff at the hotel were awesome, they did not hesitate to assist us when needed. I will definitely stay there again.The team at Comfort Suites is so appreciative for your comments and for your patronage. I was happy to read how clean and comfortable you found our suites and in additional how friendly our staff was. We hope you make your New Years Eve plans a tradition and allow us to create another memorable experience for you this year.
This hotel is GREAT! It is very close to the Art Institute of Chicago, Millennium Park and the lake. There are copious restaurants nearby. All of the rooms have kitchens - so if you like to fend for yourself (as I do) the place is perfect.Breakfast is included, though basic, and the space gets very crowded very early -- you will probably want to take your breakfast back to your room.Why not full marks, you ask Well, it is my understanding that the internet in this hotel is in the process of being upgraded. This is a good thing because the service was nothing short of continually frustrating.Dear Adam J,Thank you for your 4 star review. We are so happy that you enjoyed our team members service! That is the best compliment you can give a hotel. It is a great idea to take your breakfast back to your room. Since all of the suites have an island in the kitchen it is very relaxing to enjoy your breakfast in the comfort of your own room. The hotel has upgraded 100 of its wireless access points and all internet issues have been resolved. We hope to see you again soon!Kindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
Recently stayed here, after taking a red-eye and arriving at the hotel first thing in the morning. Even though the hotel was turning over at least half the rooms, they found a way to get us into a room by 11:30 AM. Steve Saenz at the front desk, and Nadeljka in the breakfast room were especially helpful and accomodating.I am so glad you found our staff helpful and accomodating and enjoyed your time with us. Thank you for your business and review.
Our four person family - 2 adults and 2 kids, stayed here for a 4th of July staycation to be near the fireworks and Millenium Park. We were initially underwhelmed entering the small, dark lobby and small elevators- but wow, the rooms are fantastic! We had a light-filled king suite, with a full kitchen, spacious bathroom, living room and a lovely balcony! The service was very good the entire time- coffee at the (free!) breakfast was pretty good, the wifi worked and the beds were comfortable. The price was right, even on a busy 4th of July holiday, and the location is very convenient for Millenium Park/ Lakefront activities, as well as walking distance to the art museum, water taxis, or Michigan Ave shopping. This hotel is hands down the best value in the city.Dear jennifertF2691OZ,Thank you for your recent 5 star review. I am so thrilled that you enjoyed your stay! Thank you so much for taking the time to write a review and to point out so many of the great things about the Comfort Suites Michigan Avenue! We really appreciate it and hope that you will come to visit us again soon.Kindest regards, Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
This location is perfect for those wanting to explore the downtown/waterfront area. The room was certainly more than I needed for a 2-night business stay. It had 2 queen beds, a full kitchen, laundry, walk-in closet and bath. It isn't upscale or high end, but it was clean and provided a free (basic continental) breakfast. There were only 6 rooms on my floor (16), so it is on the smaller side.Dear Monica M,Thank you so much for your recent 4 star review. We do have a great location and views of the river. We are so glad that you enjoyed your stay. We hope to see you again soon!Kindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
I am a local who was looking to bring a group of relatives together in Chicago. This hotel is very centrally located and is walking distance to so many places including Millennium Park, several boat tours, Magnificent Mile, restaurants, souvenir shops, etc. We had 10 rooms in total and everyone was very happy with them. They are bigger than the average hotel room and gave us places to gather. The various great views from our different rooms included the Magnificent Mile, the Chicago River, Trump Tower, Willis Tower and more. The hotel staff was both friendly and helpful. Patrick, the director of sales, was so good to us in helping us plan our visit. All of this...and we got a very reasonable rate. We can't thank the staff enough for making us feel comfortable and taking great care of us!Thank you so very much for selecting us to host your family reunion. I am so glad everyone had a wonderful time and enjoyed our rooms and staff. We are very grateful for your business and would love to welcome you all back again!
The front desk staff was so nice and helpful. The rooms are all suites and are spacious, clean and comfortable. The best thing about this hotel is the location. You are working distance to EVERYTHING.Thank you for your review and business. I am thrilled you enjoyed our unbeatable location, friendly staff and spacious suites. Please visit us again soon!
We usually stay up the next block on Michigan Ave. when we come to town for our annual Dinosaurs Snow getaway. My son I have been doing this since he was 6. We broke with habit after finding a great deal on a suite here. We could not have been happier. The complimentary breakfast was generous and tasty. The service was warm and professional. I kept in touch with associates seamlessly from the rooms business desk. The kitchen came in handy for our wonderful finds from Chinatown, and Bockwinkles Grocery is just around the corner, rounding off some excellent gourmet fun! A few doors down we had access to about every form of transportation we never take a car to Chicago. We were able to pack very light thanks to the in-room washer dryer. We will be back in the fall as we could not be more impressed with how much this location and the amenities gave us so much freedom to just be ourselves, and focus on what was truly important: having a wonderful time together while seeing and doing everything we planned!I thoroughly enjoyed reading your review and we are so happy you broke from tradition and tried us out. I was happy to learn how our hotel and staff helped make your annual trip a memorable one and I truly hope to welcome you back next year. Thank you!
I love staying at Comfort Suites, the employees are very attentive and great, always ready to assist. The times that I have stayed here, I always have a great view of Michigan Ave and the River. Great location near shopping, bars, and the L. I would recommend this to everyone!Thank you, we love the title of your review! We value your repeat business and thank you for allowing us to be your preferred hotel choice in Chicago. Please contact me when you are ready to book your return trip and we will take wonderful care of you, I look forward to meeting you in person next time youre here.
We will come back for sure. It is a mini apartment. Washer, dryer, kitchen with stove, refrigerator and dishwasher. Clean and quiet. Great value and walking distance for most things to see. I only wish there was valet parking on North Michigan.Dear mkushlak,Thank you for your recent 4 star review. We are so happy that you enjoyed your stay. We have some of the largest hotel rooms in the city and they are size of apartments!We look forward to seeing you again soon!Kindest regards,Robert HumphreyGeneral Manager
This was my second time at this hotel. I was there with friends in November 2011 and again with same friends plus one extra,a group of 4 ladies total. The staff is the best, helpful, friendly, and outgoing. The room we had this time was the Penthouse with 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. I believe there are two penthouses but I don't know if they are both 2 bedrooms. We had a small balcony and a view of the park and Sears/Willis Tower. The room itself was in need of some cosmetic repair,peeling wall paper, paint scraped in spots, water damage marks. The place was functional for us and we did not complain, we were just happy to be back in Chicago. The room we had on our first visit was an executive suite facing the River and was in much better condition. This will continue to be my go to place in Chicago because of the staff and I know that not all rooms are in need of repair. I still believe this is one of the best hotels in Chicago. Thank you Comfort Suites staff!Thank you so much for sharing your experiences and your loyalty to our hotel. I am so pleased that you enjoyed the space in your room. We will certainly ensure we work to ensure any repairs are completed. The staff will be thrilled to see your kind compliments on their service. Please do not hesitate to contact us directly when you are next in Chicago.Safe Travels,Natalie Furka-Padgett
In town for the marathon. Location was perfect! Front desk staff was very friendly and helpful! Loved that they had signs for marathoners and a personal note. The elevator broke on day one of our stay, but was fixed quickly. Loved the decor on the inside and how they kept parts of the old Chicago Motor Club. Our only issue... More
Great location within walking distance to Millennium Park and the River Walk. Room and breakfast service was great. The staff was very helpful including recommendations for river tour and great Chicago deep dish pizza at Bella Bistro just around the corner.
We stayed here for 2 nights and I really wanted to give it a 5 - the building is beautiful, the location is perfect for exploring, and the staff were all friendly. We were on the 15th floor, and our room had high ceilings, was clean and still looked new. Two things are holding it back though: 1) the is... More
Stayed two weeks. The first week I couldn't have been more pleased with the excellent room and fantastic view of the river. The second week I was in a tiny room with a huge post in the middle. Not only was the post by the...More
We had a Riverview King Bed room, nice view! The room was nice but not overly roomie. The staff was very helpful and gave great directions to everything from where to catch L-trains to good places to eat.
From the time I checked in (the employee on duty had no other reservations she was working on, but acted quite put-upon to even check me in and continued with her attitude for the time I stayed) until I asked to cancel the rest of my reservation I felt very uncomfortable at this hotel (previously called the Limited Inn). The... More
My husband and I traveled with our two teenage children. Our standard, double room was very spacious, with room for our bags and plenty of room for all of us to move. The refrigerator (taller dorm size) and microwave in the room were great additions. Our room was clean, refreshing and relaxing. All of the staff we met were very... More
Very impressed with the period correct sitting areas that greet you as you enter the home. The history and elegance of this older structure is certainly in full view. The rooms were nicely decorated and clean, although the bathroom was a bit cramped in our 2nd floor room. There was a good bit of sound that came through the walls... More
Superbly wonderful property. Nearly spotless and impeccable grounds. Everything works, no issues. Soft beds, plenty of shower room, Internet is quick. Located just up from the downtown area. Very quiet rooms, right on the main road.
Superbly wonderful property. Nearly spotless and impeccable grounds. Everything works, no issues. Soft beds, plenty of shower room, Internet is quick. Located just up from the downtown area. Very quiet rooms, right on the main road.
I booked a stay at Savanna Inn Suites for a one nigh stay online with Trip Advisor that directed me to Expedia.com at which time I booked a room and got a printed conformation. I arrived at the Inn and show them my conformation letter at which time they said that they had no reservation for me. They check... More
Everything about this hotel is wonderful! The room was comfortable. The amenities were awesome. The location is beautiful as well as quiet. They had fresh donuts on their breakfast buffet!!!! The staff was kind and helpful, especially when I had lost a gold chain. They did all they could to try and help me find it and continued their concern... More
Excellent. Hotel was outstanding and staff very helpful. Room was very large and beds really comfortable. Only complaint was price of car parking which was 70 a night and valet parking. The car lot was approximately 2 blocks away which meant could not car was not easily accessible. Dear G1455JOstephenm, Thank you for choosing to stay at the Conrad Chicago and writing of your experience. I'm pleased you were happy with the accommodations but I'm sorry for your disappointment in our parking rates - unfortunately Chicago does have some of the highest parking and parking tax rates in the entire country! I hope this does not deter you from staying with us again, we look forward to the opportunity. Kind Regards, Tod Chambers
I had an excellent overnight stay at the Conrad with my boyfriend to celebrate my birthday. They really made me feel welcomed and special. When I arrived at my room there was a sweet surprise: a note to wish me a happy birthday accompanied by a bottle of champagne and a lovely cheese plate. The room was beautiful and incredibly comfortable. And the view of the city was so wonderful. They have a number you can call or text with any questions. I utilized it a few times and always got a quick response. We also had dinner at Baptiste Bottle. It was delightful. The burrata appetizer and scallop entree were so delicious. I also tried the Dealer's Roulette and the bartender mixed me up the perfect drink. At the end of the night our server brought out a scoop of delicious toffee ice cream with a candle. Everything was great except a minor mishap with the bill and being charged the wrong amount. I know it'll be resolved. All-in-all, we had an excellent stay and we would highly recommend The Conrad to others. Thank you for the wonderful hospitality.Dear katiecO8480UC, Thank you for choosing to stay at the Conrad Chicago for your Birthday! Happy Belated Birthday. I'm glad the team was able to make your stay absolutely wonderful for you. It seems you enjoyed your stay and your dinner at Baptiste Bottle. I'm sorry about the minor mishap with the bill and hope this has been resolved. If not, please send feel free to call the hotel and contact me directly to get it fixed. I thank you for your fantastic review and hope to welcome you again soon!Kind Regards, Kelly Vohs
The lobby here is on the 20th floor so the views from the bar there are great. We ate dinner here when we stayed and the wait staff was fun, the Amish chicken was heavenly and the wine selection top notch. The only drawback of having the rooms below the lobby and being so close to the Mile, is that it was a little noisy and the window soundproofing wasnt as good as some places Ive stayed, but overall really fun night! Dear Claire, Thank you for choosing to stay at the Conrad Chicago and taking your time to write a review of your stay. I am so glad you had a wonderful stay with us, dinner was great and the team took great care of you during your stay. We hope to welcome you back soon.
The hotel was very clean the room was outstanding very big and clean the staff was very accommodating the staff looks who you are when you first enter the hotel to see if you belong there or not.The restaurant food.hss top quality the octopus and New.York strip steak was excellent.Dear Steven J, Thank you for staying at the Conrad Chicago. I'm glad you enjoyed your stay with us, found the team friendly and accommodating. It seems you enjoyed your visit to Baptiste Bottle as well and we look forward to welcome you back. Kind Regards, Tod Chambers
I enjoyed our stay here. The staff is accommodating and pleasant. The rooms are well appointed and comfortable. The sheets, pillows are luxe. We didn't even have to share an elevator ride. I was impressed with our stay. Didn't have to sign in to the wifi each day of our stay. It was the little things at the Conrad that made for a memorable visit in Chicago.Dear 6tribes, Thank you for your recent Conrad Chicago stay and taking time to write about your experience. I'm glad you were able to enjoy the little amenities and service perks that we offer to our guests to ensure that they have a comfortable stay. We look forward to the opportunity to welcome you back. Sincerely, Tod Chambers
From the moment we pulled up and were greeted by the valet we were extremely impressed. By far the most beautiful hotel, with the most impeccable service, we have ever stayed at. The rooms were so accommodating with state of the art features. Our family had a surprise party and the area reserved for the event was a perfect balance of comfortable and classy, and the servers were professional and very pleasant. And the food was amazing! We will not stop talking about this experience to others. Dear Madeline B, Thank you for writing about your recent Conrad Chicago and dining experience. We are very much looking forward to having you stay with us again and truly appreciate you talking to your friends and loved ones regarding your experience. I'm glad you appreciated the technology in the guest rooms. We look forward to having you stay with us again. Sincerely, Tod Chambers
I will start by aknowledging the fact that we got this room from a discount website so my review is based on the fact that I did not pay a lot. Pros: even being on the lower level (8th floor) we had amazing views of the city. Also the check in went smoothly even if it was barely 11 am when we got there we were able to het a room right away. The attention to details was evident on that day from the greeting at ground level and taking us to the elevator to the employee that took the elevator with us and spoke to us about our trip. Also I felt that the room was big enough and very comfortable.Cons: I did not feel like I was in such a luxury hotel, I was under the impression that Conrad was over the top luxury hotel and this was not the case. Putting the lobby on the 20th floor is a good idea but appart from that there was no architectural details putting the Conrad in a classe part. The bar is right next to the reception and it gets super loud. Would not want to do my check in when the bar is busy. Also we had no shower gel for the fist day... a lot of shampoo but nit shower gel. We called reception and the said someone would come with some ... never happened. So I would really come back to the Conrad but never at regular price.Dear boommtl, Thank you for choosing to stay at the Conrad Chicago for your stay. I appreciate you taking the time to write a review of your stay and providing us with further details on how we can improve the experience for other travelers and guests. I am sorry you did not receive the requested housekeeping items during your stay with us and feel the value of the hotel is not worth the regular room price. We are constantly working diligently to improve service based on feedback such as yours and will certainly share this with the team. Sincerely, Tod Chambers
Great hotel with spacious well appointed rooms. Well located along the Magnificent Mile and within easy walking distance of typical tourist attractions including the architectural boat tours, Millennium Park, the Art Institute, Navy Pier and others. Breakfast was quite good but a bit steep in price if you add any extras. Friendly staff and concierge Jason was very helpful. Dear ahrj, Thank you for staying at the Conrad Chicago and taking time from your day to write us a great review. I am glad you enjoyed our wonderful location and hope that you took full advantage of this to experience all of the wonderful activities Chicago has to offer. Thank you for mentioning the delicious food you had in the restaurant and most especially for specifically mentioning Jason, our concierge. He will certainly be recognized for making your stay unique. We hope you choose to stay with us again in the near future!
The staff goes above and beyond in their attempt to be helpful and accommodate all of your needs. As soon as I entered my room I received a text message from the hotel staff asking how my room looked and if I needed anything. This was a 1st time experience for me and I loved it! Throughout my three night stay I would correspond with the hotel staff via text message on several occasions. The hotel bar is a unique experience as well.Dear Stephand814, Thank you for your review. I'm glad the team showed you all of the helpfulness and accommodations to make you feel special! I'm glad everything went well - we hope to see you again soon! Warm Regards, Kelly Vohs
Wanted to to spend a few days in the city right before Christmas. This hotel was perfect location - right off Magnificent Mile, State Street. We walked to Daly Plaza, Millenia Park, Giordanos, Water Tower Place. Room was quite large - no mini frog or microwave though. Great shower, bathroom, beds. The lobby was beautifully decorated for the holiday and everyone we encountered on staff was friendly and accommodating. Will definitely stay here again.Dear FloridaFamilyof5, Thank you for staying at the Conrad. I'm glad you found our location, accommodations, and bathroom to be accommodating, relaxing and plentiful. While we do not have microwaves in any of our guest rooms, we do have empty mini refrigerators under the coffeemakers and microwaves are available upon request complimentary. I hope we are able to welcome you back soon. Warm Regards, Tod Chambers
Highly recommend this newly remodeled hotel. Location was perfect. The customer service was exceptional. Lexy was able to find and make Easter brunch reservations at the last minute. THANK YOU LEXY!!!The location allowed us to walk to most of our destinations but when we needed a cab, there was always one waiting(which was faster than uber). Plenty of outlets close to the bed for charging all of our devices. The curtains would open or close with a touch of a button. I'd definitely stay again!!Dear knottjustphotos, Thank you for taking time to write a review of your stay at Conrad Chicago AND specifically mentioning Lexy - she will most certainly be recognized for making your stay memorable! I'm glad we were able to secure your Easter brunch reservations and hope that you were able to make some great, new memories during your stay with us. Kind Regards,Amilia CruzQuality Assurance Manager
We spent a weekend in Chicago at this very comfortable, clean and classy hotel. The rooms were large, the showers upscale and the food in their restaurant very good. It is in a great location. The service was fast and very polite. I recommend staying there without hesitation.Dear gloriahouse44, Thank you for staying at the Conrad Chicago and taking time to write a great review! I'm glad you enjoyed your stay with us and we look forward to have you stay with us again in the future. Kind Regards, Tod
If being part of the North Bridge Shops is not important to you - this is the place to stay. Most luxurious in the city in my opinion. Staff can't be beat. But location, location, location! Important to know if you are going to Chicago for a specific event.Dear KPupel, Thank you for choosing to stay with us. I'm glad you enjoyed your stay - I know we are no longer conveniently connected to a shopping mall but we are steps away from Michigan Avenue with all of the shopping they have to offer and only 2 short blocks away from the Shops at North Bridge. Thank you for writing a nice review. We look forward to welcome you next time you are in the city. Kind Regards, Amilia Cruz
Bravo to the new ConradJohn, front desk, went out of his way to help create a relaxing experienceRooms are gorgeousBreakfast staff( Claudia and manager especially) are amazingBreakfast is one of the best in the city!Thank you Conrad team for the excellent stay!Dear Adam H., Thank you for taking the time to write a review and recognize John, Claudia and the breakfast manager at Baptiste on the day you visited. The team will be recognized for their efforts and for making your stay a special one. We hope to welcome you again next time you are in Chicago. Warm Regards, Kelly Vohs
This hotel is located in a perfect spot to walk the mag mile, the river walk, and even to Millennium Park. Great service. The bartenders on the roof top were exceptionally nice and fun!! The room was clean and had all of the amenities! Great place to stay.Dear SueVacaSpots, Thank you for choosing to stay at the Conrad Chicago for your recent visit and taking time to visit Noyane - the rooftop - during your time here as well. We look forward to having you stay with us next time you are in the city. Sincerely, Tod Chambers
From the very cool top floor lobby and bar to one of the most comfortable rooms weve ever had, this was 5 star. The bed was great and TV excellent. The location cant be much better. The rooftop bar wasnt open yet.....but yet another reason to return.Dear BOVCAT, Thank you for staying at the Conrad Chicago and taking time from your busy day to write a review of your stay. We are glad you enjoyed the accommodations, location, and room amenities. We look forward to welcome you back in the Summer to visit our rooftop restaurant, Noyane, when it opens!
Stayed at this hotel for a week and loved it. Front desk (on the top floor) was super helpful and everything was clean. The bathrooms are beautiful and more than likely will stay there every time I visit Chicago.Dear larrycastrovinci, Thank you for choosing to stay at the Conrad Chicago for an entire week! I am so glad you enjoyed the room accommodation, front desk and our bathroom configuration. We look forward to welcome you back on your return visits.
This hotel is awesome when it comes to comfort and convenience. It has some great views of Chicago and is centrally located in the downtown area. The hotel staff was great and very attentive. We attended both bar areas on 2 separate nights and were given poor customer service. The 1st night the staff seemed angry that we had such a large group. They didn't appreciate our business. This was the rooftop lounge. The 2nd night, the waitress literally threw a menu at us. When we talked to the manager about it, he didn't seem to care about our concern. Dear Diana G, Thank you for choosing the Conrad Chicago for your recent stay downtown. I am so sorry you experienced such poor and negative attitude from our team in both restaurants and lounges. That is certainly not the image nor the guest experience we strive for and train for on a daily basis. Please know that your comments have been taken seriously, cascaded to the appropriate leaders and we will ensure this does not happen in the future. Thank you for not allowing this incidence to take away from your overall experience and we appreciate you sharing your feedback. We hope to welcome you back in the future.
Stayed here for the second time this past weekend and it was as good as the first time. Checked in without issues on Saturday afternoon, we had a room on the 11th floor facing Michigan Ave. No issues with room cleanliness, AC worked great since it was over 90 degrees this weekend. Housekeeping did a great job in cleaning our room. Looking forward to our next stay at the Conrad Chicago!Dear Jeff, Thank you for staying at the Conrad Chicago for another time and taking time to write a review of your stay. We appreciate your business and I am glad the team was able to welcome you back again and provide excellent service consistently. We look forward to having you as a returning again in the near future!
The Conrad Chicago was One of the Best Hotels I have ever stayed at! I travel often for business and was blown away from walking into the Conrad, with the Lobby on the 20th floor to the Rooftop Bar. As Diamond Member of Hilton getting a 30 a day meal credit is also huge when traveling for work! Thank you Conrad Chicago Dear wagsj121, Thank you for choosing to stay at the Conrad on your recent visit to Chicago. I am glad you had a wonderful time with us and that we have been one of the best hotels you've stayed at! We thank you for your continued loyalty as a Diamond member and I am delighted you found our food and beverage credit to be useful and of great value. We thank you for taking the time to write a review of your experience and recommend us to other travelers. We look forward to welcome you back soon.
I planned this special trip for my wife's birthday to her favorite city, Chicago. There were many hotel options to choose from during the winter. I gave her several options and she chose new opened Conrad Chicago. We were amazed with the customer service during our stay. Hotel has excellent location, the rooms are well designed, furnished, and the most important very clean. The moment we approached to the front desk, the lady welcomed us as loyal members, wishing my wife Happy Birthday. We had breakfast every morning at Baptiste and Bottle restaurant.The morning host, Jackie (spelling) welcomed us with a smile, even remembering my long last name. Our server was Claudia and she provided amazing service. On the second morning she remembered that I lake to have fresh mint tea. We enjoyed delicious breakfast made by the Chef. Michigan avenue view was an additional perk every morning. We loved our dinner at the same restaurant on the special, birthday evening. In the evening Michigan avenue view was more beautiful. Even though the place was packed we still received remarkable and quick service by Deven. My wife had a special gift from the restaurant team, signed Baptist and Bottle menu. Mark Twain, the Chef created incredible menu with a unique signature. Deven answered all of our questions and was very knowledgeable. We defiantly had memorable dinner. Conrad Chicago is a great addition to Chicago's aggressive hotel market. Its unique design, great location, delicious food, and outstanding customer service will get the hotel to the top. Please continue amzing serice Conrad Chicago Team.Dear sararm77,Thank you very much for your kind words. I'm happy your wife chose to stay with us for her birthday and get to celebrate a special occasion with us. I'm glad you enjoyed your stay , the restaurant, and all the service our team was able to provide. Thank you for pointing out Deven, Jackie, and Claudia - they will be commended for their spectacular service. We hope to see you again soon! Regards, Kelly Vohs
Great experience. Very modern and spacious rooms with excellent service by staff. Wonderful view of Magnificent Mile from our room. Very conveniently located. Thoughtful extras: toothbrush (forgot mine), excellent expresso/coffee maker in room, special shade for windows, and very quiet (unexpected). the large screen TV and multiple light control amenities were a plus. Most professional and helpful staff we have encountered in all of our several downtown stays. Bags were taken from taxi and placed in room by the time we checked in doorstaff helpful with directions and taxis. Have stayed at other Michigan Ave hotels but this one sets a new standard. My future business and family trips to the Chicago area will be to the Conrad.Dear Mopac219, Thank you for taking the time to write a review of the Conrad. I'm glad you enjoyed your stay and appreciated the attention to detail that we take to make sure your stay was comfortable for you. Thank you for recognizing our door-team, I'm glad they were able to be of valuable assistance to you. We hope to welcome you again soon!Warm Regards,Kelly Vohs
This is a remarkable hotel just steps away from the Magnificent Mile and easy walking distance to many landmarks. We were greeted very warmly and directed to the 20th floor for check in. As others have noted there are spectacular views of the city from that floor and a winding staircase that leads to a lounging area below. The business center is located on this floor as well.We had a fairly easy check in and had a valet bring our luggage to our room. The key is unique. In order to get to a particular floor outside of the 20th floor lobby or the ground floor you must tap it against a circular disc and then choose your floor. It works the same way with your room.The valet explained everything in detail including the complimentary items that you may have forgotten on your packing list, shoe shine, as well as the traditional bathrobes and slippers you may borrow during your visit. There are at least 4 cupboards with storage space, closet spaces drawers, and a safe to store your valuables in. These cupboards are located immediately to your left in our case as you come in. From there you head into the main bedroom.Once you enter the main bedroom there is a huge TV in the center along with a very long table that angled to your right with outlets for your laptop, etc. Everything is electronically controlled by the various buttons in different parts of your room including your blinds and lighting. The bathroom is state of the art consisting of two sinks, toilet, and a large shower area. There is no bathtub which I came to understand is the new trend these days.The shower was warm and inviting. For privacy both the entrance to the bathroom and the toilet area have sliding doors. The room also comes with an expresso/coffee machine and in the drawer below are your cups as well as your Keurig style blends for the machine. Teabags are also available. Below that is a mini fridge. Our valet was very nice enough to get ice for us as well as extra water since we had traveled a long distance. They also provide you with an extra blanket in case you get cold and you can self adjust your room temperature. You would find the blanket in the upper part of one of the cupboards. Also the room is small but long enough so one doesn't feel cramped.The room was impeccable clean and fresh however, it wasn't until we went to bed that I noticed what our room lacked. Having two queen beds was nice and there were lamps on the far side of each bed but no lamp in the center. Yes, there was overhead lighting but not enough to light up the center area. In addition, the center nightstand had no drawer in it and neither did the side stands nor the long tables under the TV nor off to the right. There was a settee right under the TV but we found it useless. It appeared we had a corner room since there was a comfortable chair to unwind in there. The beds were very comfortable to sleep in.The only thing on the center stand was a clock with a jack for an MP3 or IPhone to play your own music. The phone was located across the room near the TV. Therefore if we wanted a wake up call then we would actually have to find a light (which is a bit hard to do with the electronic board) get up and walk to the phone. Also we had to lay everything out that wasn't needed on one of the table tops in order to sleep. I ended up using one of small drawers in the cupboard in order to store these small items when not in use. I really didn't like the fact I had to walk over to the cupboard area just to stow these things and remember where I had placed them. They weren't valuable but the usual stuff one would need to have handy.It took us a while to find the bathroom outlets since they were hidden by the towels hanging on the racks. Although not needed a shaving/makeup portable mirror mounted to the wall would have added a nice touch. I did like the fact that you have a doorbell entry and you can press a button for privacy and to have the room made up. The staff went above and beyond to make us feel welcome. Time did not permit us to dine there or check out the fitness area but I'm sure we would have been pleased with their services.Valet parking is 70.00 per day and it runs in 24 hour cycles from the time of arrival. This is a wonderful hotel with great location and excellent customer service. Even though we weren't far from Northwestern Memorial we were seldom disturbed by ambulances. However, little things do matter on a trip and it is very easy to overlook until the time comes that you need them. I would definitely recommend they put a lamp between the two beds along with a 2nd phone and add drawers to the nightstands as well as one in the work station area. I mostly definitely would stay here again since the pros definitely outweigh the cons.Dear Arlene M.,Thank you kindly for your detailed account of your recent stay at the Conrad Chicago. I'm pleased everything turned out well and thank you for your feedback regarding the room amenities and layout. I'm especially pleased the team went out of their way to make you feel welcome and at home while staying with us. We look forward to the great opportunity to be able to have you stay with us again. Sincerely,Tod Chambers
Excellent service, location, food.hi quality hotel for great price. Easy access to Miracle Mile. Great view from restaurant. Excellent brunch Staff very attentive. Don't let 20th floor lobby confuse,Dear bennyjane, Thank you for staying at the Conrad Chicago. I'm happy that you enjoyed everything about the hotel including the team, location and our food quality. We look forward to the opportunity to welcome you back. Kind Regards, Tod Chambers
This was my first stay at the Conrad in Chicago and I couldn't be more pleased with the experience. My room was very luxurious and high tech. The lights, shades and blackout curtains were all controlled with the push of a button, as was the room privacy indicator. The room was beautiful with its high end floors, counters and walk-in shower. It also had LOTS of closet space for my clothes and other necessities and was furnished with a bathrobe, slippers and an umbrella. I can't say enough how much I enjoyed my stay here.Dear 236susiec, Thank you for your recent Conrad Chicago stay. I'm so glad you enjoyed everything about our room configuration, technology and space in the room. I hope this made your stay as comfortable as staying in your own home. We look forward to having you stay with us next time you are in Chicago. Kind Regards, Tod Chambers
The Conrad is the very best I have found in hotel stays. My 4 nights in Chicago, although it was chilly outside, the hotel was warm and superb, from the welcoming door ladies to every employee I encountered throughout my stay. No detail was missed, each person I spoke with on the phone, in person and by text, just the very best. The room, dining in Baptiste the Bottle, coffee at Il Tavolino, the front desk and room service, all extremely impressive. My stay felt like being with family, a very kind and caring family. I am an employee of the Hilton Corporation and therefore have the privilege of staying at many of our hotels at employee rates.Dear Holly K, Thank you for taking time to write a great review regarding your recent stay. It seems all details of your stay were immaculately executed and the team ensured you were satisfied with your entire stay. We hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back next time you are in Chicago. Kind Regards, Amilia CruzQuality Assurance Manager
The hotel is very nice. We had a Chicago Suite, and the room was huge, with a separate bedroom, living room with dinging table and huge TV screen. The sleep quality was the best of the last four hotels we have stayed in Chicago's near north side. There was a LOT of storage for clothing - very nice. Everything was clean, and the people were quite nice and helpful. We were able to request a shower chair (such as for a handicap person.) The restaurant Baptiste and Bottle was ok, and the rooftop bar and sushi place - Noyane - was delightful on a sunny, breezy day. We would likely stay here again.Dear NewPlaceFan, Thank you for your stay at the Conrad Chicago. I am glad you had a wonderful time visiting the city and enjoyed the amenities, design and layouts of our rooms. It is great that you were able to enjoy not just one, but both of our restaurants and enjoyed your experience in both. We thank you for taking the time to write a review of your stay and look forward to your next visit to Chicago with us!
This hotel with best location, fantastic design of guestroom and facilities, has become one of my favorite Conrad hotel in this world. I am glad I just finished my second trip to Chicago and this is also the first time for me to stay in the city center.This newly renovated conrad is just located at Michigan Avenue, the most wellknown shopping street in the city. Unlike most hotels in city center, this hotel has the best atmosphere and its modern design really catch my attention. I could have never imagined that I can find such a brilliant modernized hotel in Chicago with this price. Doormen are warmhearted and frontdesk staffs are quite helpful. The restaurant has a fantastic view of Michigan street. The normal guestroom is comparatively small, which could be a concern for those people love spacious room. But it do have a bright and nice bathroom.Dear YuhangHe, Thank you for taking the time to review your recent stay at the Conrad Chicago. I'm glad you enjoyed your stay overall and the design of the hotel itself. We are very proud of the team for all of the nice comments guests such as yourself say about them regarding their helpfulness and friendliness. I appreciate the feedback of the room being a little too small. We look forward to welcome you again next time you are in Chicago!Warm Regards, Kelly Vohs
My husband and I enjoyed our anniversary weekend at the Conrad. Overall, it was a superb location and excellent visit. The well appointed and spacious superior king room allowed for great city views and plenty of natural light (wall control sheers and blackout curtains allowed us to sleep late when desired). The breakfast and brunch offerings at Baptiste Bottle were great. The rooftop bar and sushi restaurant was busy and a bit crowded on the weekend if you just desired to get a cocktail at the bar before heading out for the evening. The bathroom had some of our favorite features: separate toilet with door and double vanity. The service staff was exceptionally kind and knowledgeable and even helped my husband surprise me with flowers in our room to make things for the weekend even more special. I will certainly return here for our next Chicago trip. Dear AMGtravel01, Happy Anniversary from the entire Conrad Chicago team. I'm glad you were able to enjoy all of the amenities in our rooms and high technology experiences. It seems you enjoyed our restaurants very much as well. I'm glad our team was able to also help your husband surprise you with flowers in the room. We look forward to having you stay with us next time you are in Chicago. Kind Regards, Tod Chambers
This hotel has beautiful views, great location to walking anywhere in Chicago and the room was fabulous. Most comfortable bed ever- we had the ultra King room. Room was clean, super new and modern, great closet and a big flat screen tv, beautiful large ceiling to floor windows with electric curtains, shades . The lighting in the hotel room was really cool-lots of options. Beautiful marble bath-great shower.Dear Jimjr50, Thank you for choosing to stay at the Conrad Chicago for your stay. It seems you enjoyed your accomodations and all the hotel had to offer. We look forward to welcome you back soon. Sincerely, Tod Chambers
This is by far the best hotel in the Loop. I have stayed at many of them (over 20) and this one far exceeds the others. The entire stay was perfect! The location is perfect as well. We will definitely be back.Dear eslagh, Thank you for choosing to stay at the Conrad Chicago and writing about your experience. I'm so glad we have become a recommendation for you to tell to your friends and family and made a regular guest of you. We look forward to having you stay with us many more times in the future. Kind Regards, Tod Chambers
When traveling through Chicago I booked two nights downtown at the Conrad. Originally I was hoping to stay at the Hilton, however the Conrad turned out to be an excellent option. Upon arrival the front staff was incredibly helpful. I had some minor adjustments to the reservations that required additional work on the part of the staff member and he was fantastic (regrettably I cannot recall his name). During check in I was informed that the hotel was completely booked and they had no complimentary Gold Hhonors upgrades available. As it turns out I found the standard room to be more than satisfactory and spacious. I used the gym twice during my stay and found the equipment to be in great condition, the entire facility was very clean and well maintained. I thought the location adjacent to Michigan Avenue, as well as other downtown attractions was also great, extremely easy to get around and find fun places to explore.My best tips when staying at the Conrad include the following:1) Take advantage of the text message concierge service they offer. I had questions throughout the trip about various things related to the hotel. I messaged the number provided and within a few minutes I received a reply. Everything from the gym hours to checking out of the room they handled flawlessly. 2) Have breakfast at the hotel restaurant Baptiste Bottle. Located directly next to the front desk on the 20 (something) floor, the views over Michigan Avenue could not get any better, not to mention the food was excellent.Dear kaarlb, Thank you for taking the time to write a review of your recent Conrad Chicago visit. I'm sorry we had no available upgrades to recognize your loyalty as a Gold Hilton Honors member, but I'm glad you found the standard room to be quite comfortable. I want to thank you for sharing your feedback with other travelers, we look forward to welcome you back next time you are in Chicago. Sincerely, Tod Chambers
Better located than their prior location (now The Gwen, an SPG LUXURY destination) from staff to dining, from amenities to style enjoy being wrapped in caring competence and composureAdjacent to the best shopping and finer condos this Conrad may be a model for the future of the brandConcierge okAmenities on request excellentEnjoy a new an upcoming property in downtown chicago Dear RMJ11, Thank you for your recent Conrad Chicago visit. I am glad you enjoyed your stay, location and on-site amenities. I appreciate the honest feedback about the concierge - we will definitely work on that. We look forward to seeing you again soon. Sincerely, Tod Chambers
The Conrad is an exclusive, luxury hotel nestled on a quiet street steps away from exciting shopping, restaurants, and the best nightlife. You can also reach the theater district with a short walk, Additionally, the rooms were well appointed with one of the most comfortable beds I have ever experienced. (I travel about 120 nights per year so the reference point is good.) Also-an amazing bathroom with good lighting! I did not use the restauraunts, but the bar was super chic and they gave everyone a free taste of bourbon. Hilton did a good thing by ridding themselves of the old stuffed suit Conrad in Chicago and making this one.Dear ALS2081, Thank you for sharing such detailed information regarding your recent stay at the Conrad and providing fellow Tripadvisor travelers with the information to make the best informed decision. I'm glad you enjoyed your stay - perhaps next time you may enjoy a cocktail or dinner on the rooftop, Noyane (weather permitting). We look forward to welcome you back.Sincerely, Tod Chambers
We recently visited Chicago for the first time and spent two nights at the Conrad, which we thought was superb. The room was very well equipped and extremely comfortable and the staff could not do enough to make our stay special.Dear PatFH, Thank you for choosing to stay at the Conrad Chicago. I'm glad you enjoyed your stay and found the room to be comfortable for all of the things you needed. Thank you for specifically mentioning the team that went out of their way to make your stay special. The team works very hard to ensure that you have a great experience each time you stay with us. We look forward to welcoming you back soon. Sincerely, Tod Chambers
Had not stayed in a Conrad hotel before. The hotel was in a great location, had friendly and helpful staff, great food, a great rooftop bar with a fantastic view, and great conference facilities. Rooms are fantastic. I'd stay there again.Dear Pamocatpo, Thank you for choosing the Conrad Chicago for your first Conrad experience! We could not be more thrilled to hear of your exceptional stay. We look forward to welcoming you back in the near future.
We stayed at the new Conrad for 5 nights and loved the rooms and ammenities. However, I was very disappointed with the fact that my husband's birthday was not remembered even after reminding the staff 3 seperate times-I was told they were going to send truffles/champagne to the room. I think a lot of the staff are very young and new to the hotel industry and it shows. We enjoyed the food at the first floor Italian restaurant and had great service for lunch.Also, they no longer have the house car and only water in the room.Dear Mauigal48, Thank you for writing about your recent Conrad experience, I'm sorry for the disappointments you experienced during your stay. We definitely should have recognized your husband's birthday with a special treat delivered to your room and I'm sorry we dropped the ball on that one! We are constantly looking for ways to improve and comments from guests such as yours are exactly the way we can do just that. We are working on getting an even better house car for our guest's experience. We hope that you do give us another try in the future. Kind Regards, Tod Chambers
Lovely hotel, the rooms are nice, modern and comfortable. The location is excellent and 1 block off Michigan ave.The hotel lobby and restaurant are on the 20th floor which makes for a cool vibe. The restaurant is v well rated and has a great vibe on a Saturday afternoon and evening. For a drink or food its really very good.Nice city views and a huge TV in every room, lovely.Dear Nasher41, Thank you for staying at the Conrad Chicago and taking your time to write a review of your experience. I am glad you had the opportunity to enjoy Baptiste Bottle and your overall experience of the hotel seemed to have went well. Thank you for your recommendation to other travelers. We look forward to welcome you back soon. Sincerely, Tod Chambers
A standard upper end business hotel with some Conrad touches, not many. Nothing like Tokyo or Hong Kong. Missing charm and some finishing touches. The rooms are strictly utilitarian. Quiet, comfortable bed, decent coffee maker. Bathroom had no bathtub. Space wasted with huge sink area. Couch was IKEA-like and side table on one side of bed like a lost child. Nothing on it, no reason to be there. Closet was awkwardly placed. The lobby was dramatic but the rooms did not match. Hotel is right off Michigan Ave., close to shops. Its better than the Intercontinental but not in the same class as the Ritz or Four Seasons. Looking for a touch of elegance in the Hilton chain stay at the nearby Waldorf.Dear kev1438, Thank you for choosing the Conrad Chicago and taking time to write a review of your experience. We appreciate the feedback but am sorry you did not find our rooms luxurious and our furnishings lacking. I hope the service you experienced during your stay was helpful and accommodating and we thank you for your feedback.
Stayed a the Conrad with my wife over the weekend for a night away. The staff was incredible every step of the way. The room was clean and everything we could have needed was available. The whole process was seamless and I would recommend this hotel to anyone.Dear Oldt1mer23,Thank you for your great review. I'm glad all went well during your stay and that you enjoyed your night away with your wife. We look forward to welcome you again!Kind Regards, Kelly Vohs
Great location. Great staff. Newly reopened at new location one block off Michigan Ave. Urban vibe in in lounge bar and excellent selection of bourbons. Comfortable rooms with views of the city architecture. Excellent experience overall. Highly recommend!Dear Stephanie H. , Thank you very much for writing such a favorable review and everything nice you said about the hotel. I'm happy you chose to stay with us and enjoyed all we have to offer. We look forward to seeing you again soon!Kind Regards, Amilia Cruz
The Conrad Chicago is a quiet oasis just off the Magnificent Mile. The rooms are decorated in the sleek modern style that Conrad lovers admire and the bathrooms are well appointed. It would be nice, though, if Conrad had provided an executive lounge and if the regular bathrooms had been outfitted with tubs in addition to showers. Given the cost of real estate at this location, however, it was not destined to be. Still, all in all, this is one of the best places to stay in the Loop/Near North area. The hotel has a wonderful staff, who are well trained and respond to any request. And there is a full complement of eating and drinking choices. The views from the 20th floor restaurants are spectacular.Dear Philip S, Thank you for staying at the Conrad Chicago and taking time from your day to write such a glowing review of your stay. Thank you for your feedback on the design of our accommodations and understanding the limitations that are imposed on the building. We appreciate the kind words you have to say about the team members' level of service and dedication to ensure you had a spectacular stay and thank you again for recommending us.
My stay was in June 2017 for three nights. Good things:1. Location is terrific. 2. The facilities are new and very nice. Our suite was just fabulous. All in all beautiful property.3. Service in general was good except the part I will mention below. Not so good things:1. Booked the Chicago suite. Received zero upgrade (I was only Gold but still disappointing)2. The top floor indoor restaurant/bar is less than satisfactory. We waited for 30 minutes for two simple drinks one night, and we had a disastrous brunch experience (although the manager took care of the situation which I really appreciate). I would be cautious going back to this dining facility, but hopefully they improved. Overall, I would definitely recommend this property, but they definitely have some room for improvement. After all, it's under the Conrad brand.Dear SichongH, Thank you for staying at the Conrad Chicago and taking time to provide us feedback of your stay. I'm glad you enjoyed your suite and sorry the service was not exceptional during your stay. With feedback like yours, we have continually improved the service we provide to our loyal Honors guests both at the front desk and in the bar/restaurant and I would gladly say we have improved significantly since June of last year. We look forward to the opportunity welcome you back!
As part of a staycation, we spent New Year's Eve weekend at this location. Not only were we centrally located to great shopping and all of the NYE activities, but, we were treated as VIP guests and appreciated the great amenities and service. Love the convenience of connecting guest services via text! Overall what a fantastic, relaxing way to start the new year!Dear zackzz, Thank you for choosing to stay at the Conrad Chicago for your New Year's Eve celebration! I thank you for taking the time to write about your special occasion and the service you experienced. I'm glad you were able to start the new year enjoying quality time relaxing and with loved ones. We look forward to see you again!Sincerely, Kelly Vohs
Lovely spacious rooms were impeccably clean. Bathroom had huge double vanity. Power window coverings, unlimited complimentary bottled water was very much appreciated. Never had to wait long for the elevators. Located in the heart of my favorite restaurants and shopping locations. Very luxurious. Will definitely be back.Dear Shelly W,Thank you for choosing to stay at the Conrad Chicago. We appreciate you taking the time to write a pleasant review of your experience and your appreciation of our spacious rooms, technological features and exemplary service we provided to you during your stay. We look forward to be able to welcome you back.
Hotel location is great. Yards from Michigan but without the chaos. You are greeted by a valet with a smile who asks that you check in on the 20th floor. More smiling, happy folks at the reception desk. Our room was remarkable. The view was terrific but the room was tastefully appointed (a bit on the modern side). We had breakfast at the hotel daily and was very good. The complimentary juice of the day was kinda cool. Roof top bar was hopping and comfortable. All in all, young very accommodating staff, great location and service. We have stayed in Chicago many times. Our new go to place.Dear Sunburned 31, Thank you for taking the time to write a review of your stay. I'm so glad you enjoyed your visit and all of our amenities and services. The team tries hard to make each and every guest happy and I'm glad we were able to turn you into a loyal guest. We look forward to your swift return. Kind Regards, Tod Chambers
Conrad is just a few steps or practically on the Magnificent miles ( Michigan Ave) so everything is walking distance. Luxury king bed room is so spacious with the biggest LCD TV I ever seen in a 5* hotels. Very comfortable bed so you can sleep like a baby. Room is also quite ( no noises from other rooms) or even busy Michigan Ave. Nespresso machine. But bathroom is really something, a signature by Conrad. Huge about 6 m long bathroom with the mirror allover the wall. Separate walk-in rainy shower and separate WC. Luxury bathroom amenities. Digital touch everywhere in the room. WiFi is free of charge. What I found as disappointed is breakfast..if you want buffet breakfast the chosen food are so poor...just eggs and bacon, some sweets...nothing else for 26 USD!!!. Really shame. Try to have breakfast somewhere else.Dear Nikac, Thank you for choosing to stay at the Conrad Chicago and taking time to write about your experience. I'm so glad you enjoyed every aspect of our guest room, found it to be comfortable, convenient and up to date with our improved technology. I apologize about the breakfast buffet not having enough variety - we will certainly take this into consideration for future set ups. We hope this does not deter you from staying with us again, we look forward to the opportunity to welcome you back. Kind Regards, Tod Chambers
Overview: Situated right off the Magnificent Mile (or shopping mecca mile), the Conrad Chicago is a boutique hotel (built in 2016) with a clean, mid-century modern aesthetic. In a city known for its architecture, this hotels all glass exterior easily allows you to take in your outside surroundings from basically 360*.Room: I stayed in a 1 King bed (SO comfy!) Superior Room with a spacious bathroom with separate toilet and rain shower. There is a small desk to do work/eat a meal and outlets + usb ports generously located throughout the room. Overall the room felt very homey and I have to say I was very impressed with the cleanliness.Amenities: I didnt visit the gym, but my gym fanatic colleague said everything is state of the art like battle ropes, TRX bands and a stairmaster. Hotel Restaurants: Check out my reviews of Noyane and Baptiste Bottle!Know Before You Go: Check out the Conrad Concierge webpage, it has some great local recommendations. While Youre There: Take a look at the artwork throughout the hotel, its pretty unique and has a lot of meaning behind it. My favorites were the moving images on each floor near the elevators and the prints of whiskey making in Baptiste Bottle. For Meeting Planners: The meeting spaces have somewhat low-ish ceilings, so the natural light really opens the space up. If you have an event in Lincoln BC/C, make sure to request that the private dining area of Baptiste Bottle is sectioned off as it is directly next to the meeting space. PSAV Edgar from Silver Screen was fantastic. Banquet staff Geno + team provided great service.Dear Cat H, Thank you for choosing to stay at the Conrad and taking time to write a lovely review of your stay. I appreciate all of the kind words you had to say about each of the areas of the hotel and am glad you had a comfortable, relaxing yet productive stay with us. We look forward to welcome you and your group back!
this hotel is in a great location with top of the line features and amenities. The rooms are brand new and the front desk and doormen / women were way above average. i highly recommend room service too as i had it a few nights and it was out of this world!Dear larrycastrovinci, Thank you for choosing to stay at the Conrad Chicago and writing of your recent experience. I'm proud that you enjoyed your stay very much and find our services and amenities very comfortable. Thank you for sharing your feedback with other travelers. We look forward to welcome you back next time you are in Chicago. Sincerely, Tod Chambers
A beautiful luxury property with all amenities and great eateries on-site. A courteous hotel staff makes for a wonderful stay. A heathy breakfast is offered for a reasonable cost in the restaurant, which turns into a great venue for dinner and drinks in the evening. The location is prime for lovers of all attractions.Dear 232indraneels, Thank you for choosing to stay at the Conrad Chicago. I'm glad you enjoyed all of the amenities of the hotel and found Baptiste Bottle, our restaurant to be a fantastic gathering for dinner and drinks. I hope you choose to stay with us again in the near future. Sincerely, Tod Chambers
Wonderful stay, beautiful hotel, loved the roof top bar and restaurant cannot beat the view of Chicago. Would recommend the Conrad for anyone visiting Chicago. Great location just down the street from Michigan AvenueDear Pepperpik, Thank you for choosing the Conrad Chicago for your recent visit. We appreciate the recommendation and you taking the time to fill out an online review of your stay. We look forward to the opportunity to welcome you back again.
My daughter and I stayed at the Conrad for her 16th birthday. The staff went out of their way to accommodate us with a Michigan Avenue room with an awesome view. The location is just steps away from our favorite stores and many great restaurants. Thank you again to the wonderful staff at the Conrad!Dear 35johannaj, Happy 16th Birthday from the entire Conrad Chicago team! I'm so glad the team went out of their way to make you two comfortable during your visit with us. I appreciate you taking the time to write about your review. We look forward to having you stay with us again. Kind Regards, Tod Chambers
Spent two nights in the hotel and our whole stay was great! The agent who checked us in explained everything about my team member benefits. We loved the room and the ambiance of the place. Will definitely be back!Glad you had a good experience with us. We look forward to welcoming you back.
We decided to stay at the Conrad in April due to the location, the pictures and the fact that it was new. It seemed like a great option for my wife and i. It turned out to be a GREAT choice.The rooms are incredibly nice and well furnished. There is TONS of space and the bathrooms are very spacious as well.The staff was very helpful and I loved the fact that the lobby was at the top instead of the bottom. You dont have to pass through a busy place to get to your room when you're tired and ready to go in. The restaurants and bars were both great.I highly recommend the Conrad to anyone looking for a place in ChicagoDear msudawg12, Thank you for choosing to stay at the Conrad Chicago for your recent stay. It seems you enjoyed your stay thoroughly and were pleased about the design and amenities of the room. I'm glad you enjoyed the layout of our lobby/bar being higher up than the ground floor - we truly believe it creates a nice welcome experience! We hope to welcome you again soon. Kind Regards, Amilia CruzQuality Assurance Manager
Highly recommend this hotel for location - rooms - staff - food Amazing hotel situated perfectly off of Mag Mile Staff are friendly Rooms are fantastic with magnificent views of Chicago Food for breakfast was amazing pricey but deliciousDear GEC7578, Thank you for staying at the Conrad Chicago for your recent visit. I'm glad you thoroughly enjoyed all aspects of your stay and the hotel. Thank you for sharing your feedback online. We look forward to welcome you back. Kind Regards, Tod Chambers
This was my first time at the Conrad. The stay 100 exceeded expectations. I particularly recommend Baptiste Bottle, for both food quality and barman who really knows what he's doing. I will return at every opportunity!Dear scottwJ4090MG,Thank you for taking the time to write a review after your most recent visit. We appreciate you choosing to stay at the Conrad Chicago. I'm glad to read that you had a great experience at Baptiste Bottle. We look forward to welcoming you back at the Conrad Chicago. Kind Regards,Kelly Vohs
We have stayed in Chicago but usually at the Gwen which is a great hotel. However I prefer Hilton over SPG anls I find their service and management to have higher standards. I thought the quality of the room was great, the online check in and digital key worked really well and allowed us to skip check in. We checked out by calling the front desk in the morning so the whole stay was effortless. The amenities, food and general ambience is excellent. The room service menu is a little limited - no pasta or pizza dishes however the burgers we had were tasty. Cleanliness was excellent my new fave hotel in chicagoDear KIT1080, Thank you for writing a nice review regarding your recent stay at the Conrad Chicago. It seems all of our digital technology worked really well during your stay - and I'm glad we were able to make it as effortless as possible for you. Thank you for your feedback regarding the room service menu - I will share with the team. There may be some changes coming to the menu in the future. We look forward to welcome you back next time you are in Chicago. Kind Regards, Amilia CruzQuality Assurance Manager
Our stay at this hotel really helped make our trip! We loved our room and the hotel in general. I would stay at this hotel again any time! Wish we could have stayed longer! Great location as well, close to everything.Dear Donna B, Thank you for choosing the Conrad Chicago for your recent visit to the Windy City. I am so glad you had a wonderful visit and enjoyed your time at our hotel. We look forward to your many return visits.
I booked a corner suite. What a view. It was a beautiful room. I arrived early, 11 am, and the room was not ready. Check in was 3pm. That was not a issue as I had a meeting. The gentleman at the front desk was not pleasant almost rude. He told me he would send me a text when the room was ready. I returned to the hotel at 3:25 and the room was still not ready. This time there was a pleasant individual at the desk and he informed the room was not ready and no one had been into clean it. Not a problem. I went out and returned about 4:30. There was a third individual at the front desk who told me he did not know if the room had been cleaned or not. I sat in the lobby for about 20 minutes till I was finally given the room. When I got into the room, there were no robes, the room really need to be vacuumed. They sent someone with a robe that had stains all over it. I will say the next day I called housekeeping and the person they sent was friendly and went out of her way to thoroughly clean the room. I wish I had gotten her name as she changed my impression. It seems every time I stay here there are small issues. Nonetheless,I do really like this property and hope to stay here again.Dear etre1, Thank you for sharing your feedback with us of your recent experience at the Conrad Chicago. I am so sorry that you encountered a rude individual at the front desk upon your initial impression to the hotel. That is no way to start your visit. I am so glad that the team worked together to turn your stay around and make everything right for you by the end of your visit. Please rest assured your loyalty and trust in the Conrad Chicago matters a great deal and we will use your feedback to provide better coaching and training opportunities to the team. We look forward to your next visit to the Conrad Chicago and to truly serve you in the true hospitality for which we are known.
Very nice hotel! The rooms were very clean and loved the bathrooms had dual sinks, so we could both get ready at the same time. It was a little noisy hearing the sirens throughout the night otherwise, everything was great.Dear Indy9396, Thank you for your feedback regarding your recent Conrad Chicago stay. I'm glad you enjoyed your stay and the room amenities. I apologize about the noise disruptions from the street noise. We look forward to the opportunity to welcome you back. Sincerely,Tod Chambers
We absolutely loved our stay. The staff were excellent (especially John from the front desk). It was our anniversary and the hotel was very accommodating. The food at Baptise and Bottle was amazing too. This is definitely our new go-to hotel in Chicago. The hotel is well taken care of and it is clear the staff do what they can to make it not just a luxurious experience but also a memorable one.Dear NJB796, Thank you for writing of your recent Conrad experience. I'm pleased the team went out of their way to make your stay memorable and thank you for specifically mentioning John at the front desk, he will be recognized for his excellence. We hope to see you again soon!Kind Regards, Tod Chambers
Lots of positives at The Conrad: attractive rooms, amazingly comfortable beds, large, modern luxurious bathrooms. But regarding many issues, the front desk staff totally missed the mark for a hotel of this caliber. The consierge was pleasant but unhelpful. Printing a boarding pass took 45 minutes due to the staff being unable to figure out how to get the printer to work. They need to step it up. I'm sorry to hear about your experience. We regret the inconvenience you experienced with our printer. We will make sure that it does not take as long in the future. We hope you'll give us a second chance to change your opinion about our staff.
Highly recommend this hotel! Staff were amazing and helpful. The rooms are super fancy with blackout options for the room and different lighting options. TV was huge and fun to watch. Internet access was perfect.Dear E7128FBtiffanyh, Thank you for staying at the Conrad Chicago and taking time to give us a 5 star review of your stay. I'm glad you spent quality time in your room and really got to enjoy all of our amenities from the high tech touch points to the TV and the internet access. We look forward to the opportunity to welcome you back. Sincerely, Tod Chambers
This hotel is one of the best Hilton hotel brands that I have ever stayed. I only stayed for one night, used digital key and never engaged a person for check in or check out except for valet parking. The location is excellent and I will be backDear Thomas C, Thank you for choosing to stay at the Conrad Chicago. I'm glad you enjoyed your visit with us and were able to have the convenience of your digital experience. We look forward to having you stay with us again. Kind Regards, Tod Chambers
I was working so I ordered room service which came in 4 stages. Every time I sat down to work, the doorbell rang with another part of the room serviced dinner I ordered. It was ridiculous. The room was also small compared to other rooms in Chicago. I could not recommend it.Dear catherinemQ2687CP, Thank you for staying at the Conrad Chicago. I'm terribly sorry about your room service experience, the lack of flawless service provided and the interruptions you experienced are one of great concern. I'm sorry that you experienced this and it is not service typical of our hotel. Please reach out to our Director of Operations, Thomas.Shorttconradhotels.com so that we can try our best to ensure a future flawless stay for you. Sincerely, Tod Chambers
Service, cleanliness,location and staff all excellent. However there is no flexibility regarding breakfast menu. I was not allowed order smoked salmon with poached egg as it was not listed as a dish on the menu even though the ingredients were available. Smoked salmon could only be served with bagel and cream cheese.I write this review from the Marriott Waterfront Baltimore where full flexibility applies regarding menu combinations. Not rocket science.Dear tonypea2016, Thank you for taking time to write a review of your recent stay at the Conrad Chicago. I apologize for the lack of flexibility regarding your simple breakfast request - but thank you for sharing this feedback. This is definitely something that we need to address with the team and use this as a training opportunity for that individual. We truly appreciate this information for you - it's how we get better every day! Regards, Amilia CruzQuality Assurance Manager
I took advantage of an excellent offer and enjoyed a nice luxury staycation for Christmas Eve. We usually stay at RitzCarlton, St Regis, Four Seasons or Andaz properties, so this was our first Conrad stay. It was excellent. Interior design of the room and common spaces were very much our style, in-room dining was great and the service was excellent.Dear rickcV7152IM, Thank you for choosing to stay at the Conrad Chicago and taking time to write a complimentary review of your stay with us. We are thankful for the high remarks and comparison to other fantastic luxury hotels. I'm glad you enjoyed your staycation for Christmas Eve and we look forward to welcome you back for your next special occasion. Warm Regards, Tod Chambers
The Conrad does not disappoint. Well appointed, large rooms for the city and service that is fantastic. Love an upscale hotel with friendly and professional service and can't recall an instance in which I felt so welcome and appreciated when checking into a hotel.Dear pj8807, Thank you for taking the time to write a nice review of your stay. I'm glad you enjoyed your time with us and the team went out of their way to make your stay special. We look forward to having you with us again soon.
Ran into a few issues but the manager was good about making sure the issues were resolved and followed up. Nice area to sit with friends on the lobby floor. love that it is new and it is very clean. Staff are friendly but the bar is focused more on food and the drinks were not amazing. They do not have a full bar and therefore weren't able to make drinks like Chocolatini.Dear 613rachellel, Thank you for choosing to stay at the Conrad Chicago for your stay. I'm glad we were able to turn your stay around and make it a great one for you. I'm sorry that you did not enjoy the drinks - perhaps next time you are in, we can be sure to have someone work with your tastes and find something you really like - I'm sure we can do it! I hope we have the opportunity to welcome you again, please feel free to let me know when you are visiting again. Kind Regards, Amilia CruzQuality Assurance ManagerAmilia.CruzConradhotels.com
My company is known for being cheap. My last major business trip included a stay at a really shoddy hotel a complete dump actually. So I was hesitant when my company scheduled a conference and a week long stay at the Conrad. I have to say that the Conrad is an excellent hotel. The staff were very friendly and polite (except for the woman at the front desk upon check in). The rooms were very spacious and clean. Decor was modern/mid-century - not exactly my style but this is a minor complaint. Everything worked. Room service did a great job. The only weird thing about this hotel is that the desk reception is on the 20th floor where you would normally find it on the 1st floor. Front desk forgot to give me a wake up call on one morning and the woman at the front desk was a little jerky when my business card was declined upon check in because it requested a PIN number. It's a credit card, not a debit card!!! No one asks for a PIN number with a credit card. So I had to give the hotel a 500 deposit with my personal card, which I wasn't too happy about. Aside from these issues, I was pleasantly surprised by the hotel. I stayed at the hotel for nearly a week. Overall, I would recommend this hotel keeping in mind that I am not generally inclined to give glowing reviews. My company paid the bill so I have no idea about the pricing. I suspect it wasn't cheap.Dear jlawrence, Thank you for taking the time to leave us feedback pertaining to your recent Conrad Chicago experience. I am glad your company chose our location for your recent business trip and that you were absolutely thrilled with the outcome. I apologize for the disheartening welcome experience you had upon arrival and the cold greeting that you received from our front desk agent. However, I do thank you for not allowing this one experience deter from the overall experience of our hotel and I am glad you had a great time. We look forward to welcome you back the next time your company travels and hopefully we have made you a regular when you choose to visit Chicago in your leisure time. We thank you again for taking time from your day to write us a review.
Great room. Very Spacious. Bathroom was also very good and well equipped. The staff was very friendly and were very accommodating. Great Location. We would strongly recommend this hotel and would be staying here if visiting Chicago again.Dear ketansmehta, Thank you for choosing to stay at the Conrad Chicago. I'm glad you enjoyed your stay, the accomodations and the team was able to take great care of you during your time here. We look forward to having you stay with us again. Kind Regards, Tod Chambers
I got this room during the anniversary deal back in November 2017. I was able to stay for one night for only 111.40. This was an incredible value. We stayed there for my son's 7th birthday. He had an amazing time.Dear ashleylY4951EP, Thank you for choosing to stay a the Conrad Chicago and being one of the few guests to be able to partake in our Anniversary Flash Sale! We are glad you had that opportunity and used it for a special occasion such as your son's birthday. I am glad he had a wonderful time and we look forward to the opportunity to welcome you back sometime in the future. Sincerely, Amilia C
My boyfriend and I stayed at the Conrad Hotel in downtown Chicago early March and had a wonderful stay. Our guest service rep accommodated our request to stay on a higher floor and away from an elevator. She also congratulated us on our anniversary. Not only did she congratulate us but went above and beyond surprising us with champagne and a hand written note. Thanks to Alina the Conrad will always be our first choice when we stay in Chicago.Dear soccerkidanalise, Thank you for staying at the Conrad Chicago for your special occasion and on behalf of the entire team, Happy Anniversary! I'm glad Alina went above and beyond for the special recognition she gave you during your stay and for providing you with exemplary service. She will certainly be recognized for her great deeds. We are glad you have made us your choice hotel and look forward to welcome you back!
I was so happy that I chose this hotel for my visit to Chicago. Everything about the hotel was fantastic. The room was spacious and beautiful. The staff went out of their way to accommodate my needs. I recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Chicago.Dear melindap778, Thank you for choosing to stay at the Conrad and writing a review of your stay. The team works hard to make sure that every guest is highly satisfied and comfortable. Thank you for your recommendation. Kind Regards, Amilia Cruz
