The hotel was very comfortable and kept VERY clean. We stayed an extra night because of a storm. The staff -Shanna, Laura, Lindsey and Julie- made us feel welcome. They were a friendly group which is appreciated when you unexpectedly spend an extra night.
This conveniently located hotel was wonderful. The room was impeccably clean extremely comfortable. The gym had new equipment and breakfast was fabulous. The font desk was well staffed and helpful in getting us transportation. Highly recommend!
We arrived around midnight in a snowstorm and yet they made us feel like it was 2 in the afternoon. The rooms are wonderfully spacious and clean. The front desk person working the night shift was especially warm and welcoming. We will stay here anytime we visit Bismarck.
We have stayed at my place for the last 3 years to visit my brother for his fraternity's parents formal weekend. The rooms are great, clean, and comfortable. We were especially pleased with how sweet and helpful Chase was when we had a few issues we needed resolved. He was so accommodating and eager to help us find solutions. Very... More
We had to stay here again for my husband's job and I hate coming here the tv messes up, the power went out when it wasn't bad weather, they only clean the room every four days and if you miss your day or want it cleaned in between times it's 10 extra dollars a day,no free breakfast, noisy, I would... More
The hotel is fine. Nothing major to complain about. The hallways and stairs needed better vacuuming. The room was clean and quiet. The people at the desk were quick and efficient. Overall a good choice.
First time at this motel, great location, VERY CLEAN ROOM. Staff is great!!! I will stay here again. I had free coffee and watched tv in a nice recliner while on my computer. Full size fridge was handy for the fruits and veggies bought at Sam's club. Love Love Love this place!!!
We checked into the hotel and the male front desk staff member didn't greet us, barely talked to us and then didn't arrange our wake up call the following morning which was early, 5am. Thank God we set our own alarms for back-up, no phone rang. Terrible service, terrible social skills.
By the time we planned our trip, the Theodore Roosevelt hotel was already booked and this was the only hotel that was still available. I do like higher end hotels, but I was prepared for the worst after talking to the reservation agent...I knew it was going to be rustic and outdated. It was...and it reminded me of staying in... More
