The water is very hot and there's no cold water at all... It's awful.. The food is not good.. The staff is friendly and very nice.. More upscale items should be offered for the price of the room at 200. A night! Snacks, toiletries, menus and food and drinks offered.. Promote your business... I'm sorry to hear we didn't exceed your expectations but thank you for bringing these issues to our attention. We take your feedback seriously and will share it with the staff. I hope we'll get another opportunity to make a better impression when you return to New Orleans. Feel free to contact me if you would like to discuss your stay further. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Great staff and rooms. Housekeeping was always spot on--we never saw them come in, and it was in perfect order when we came back to our rooms. The hotel is close to everything, French Quarter, museums, business district, etc. And we got a GREAT price for our stay. It's an excellent value--highly recommend to anyone visiting New Orleans!
This Hotel, formerly a prestigious bank, may be attractive for history buffs, but is an expensive and horrible place to stay when you visit New Orleans. The rooms are SMALL, unattractive, with terrible old bedding, virtually without windows or amenities. Parking was 38/day, and it took 35 min. to get your vehicle. Almost no lobby or sitting area, the restaurant was small, understaffed, with a severely limited menu. The commode was crammed into a tiny bathroom, and we had to call down to get them to bring up an old beat-up refrigerator. There are SO Many other more attractive places to stay in New Orleans, less expensive, I would avoid this place like the plague.Thank you for your review. I'm sorry to hear that we did not exceed your expectations but we'll use this information to provide better services in the future. Thank you for giving us the opportunity to hear about your visit. Sincerely,Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Very accommodating staff. Competitive pricing for downtown N.O. convenient location. Comfortable room. Good food in restaurant. Broken exercise equipment. 'fitness club' is a bit of a misnomer. We can recommend this to anyone else for a good place to stay with great location for many attractions.Thank you very much for your comments about your most recent stay with us at the Whitney Hotel! We are working on getting updated exercise equipment and I'm sorry it wasn't ready for you by the time you arrived. I am happy to hear that you had such an enjoyable stay overall and we hope to see you again the next time you come to New Orleans!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Room was much larger than I expected, and water and fridge were offered for my room - had everything I needed. Nice basic breakfast was included. Room was very clean and everyone here was friendly! Would stay again. We're thrilled to hear you had a great New Orleans experience at the Whitney Hotel. Thank you for mentioning the breakfast and the cleanliness of the rooms. Our staff strives for excellence and I'm glad to see that was provided. We hope to see you again soon. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
The Whitney Hotel is ideally located to see most of the sights of New Orleans. I would say it is a place to lay your head but I found the restaurant poor in terms of food choice and quality. The room phone did not work, no room service offered and the room can be noisy as it overlooks a major road. Overall, I think we can do better on my next trip to New Orleans.Thank you mentioning how you enjoyed the location and cleanliness of the Hotel, I'll pass that information along. I'm sorry to hear about the telephone and will have Engineering test the line. On behalf of the Management of the restaurant, please accept my apologies. I'll make sure they get a copy of this review. Thank you again for your candid comments and we'll use this information to provide better services in the future. If we can be of any other assistance, please don't hesitate to contact us. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
This is an old hotel in very good location. A 5 minute walk to Bourbon Street and Harrahs' Casino. A 15 min walk will get you to Caffe DuMonde and the French Market. Although old, the hotel is well kept and the staff is efficient. I found the room a little bit small, but confortable.Thank you for your recent stay at the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans! We're glad to hear you enjoyed your visit and look forward to hosting you again soon. Please don't hesitate to contact us directly for your next New Orleans get-a-way!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
The hotel is historic and yet modern. Full of history. The hotel is conveniently located in the heart of New Orleans. Blocks from the French Quater and the Riverfront. The staff was very courtis and very knowledgeable. Always there to help get you where you want to be. Just one block to Mothers one of the local best restaurants. Totally enjoyed my stay On behalf of the staff at the Whitney Hotel, thank you so much for your recent visit and for the wonderful review. We'll share your praise with our staff and sincerely hope we'll get to see you again soon. Thank you, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
This hotel aptly named the Whitney Hotel as it was the location of the Whitney Bank.Several of the features of the bank era are there to be seen such as the strong room doors and related features.This hotel is in a very good location very close to local transportation - buses and streetcars.A short walk takes you to many places to eat, drink and shop.Less than ten minutes walk to Canal Street, Bourbon Street and Royal Street.Pleasant ambience, friendly staff and comfortable rooms. We had a noisy air con and after underlining our concerns were moved to another room and provided with free on the house breakfast.The hotel has partnership with some eating/licensed businesses plus a two for one offer for Mardi Gras World.Thank you for your recent stay at the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans! We're glad to hear you enjoyed your visit and look forward to hosting you again soon. Please don't hesitate to contact us directly for your next New Orleans get-a-way!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Such a beautiful hotel! LOVED the lobby and the bank vault. It was so unique and interesting. Our suite was so beautiful and very comfortable. We would like to thank the staff for taking such good care of us.Your knowledge of your wonderful city was so helpful. The Russells Thank you for your review of the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans! We're so happy to hear you enjoyed your stay and we appreciate the feedback. If there is anything we can do to make your next visit to the Whitney better, please don't hesitate to let us know. Thank you and we look forward to seeing you again soon!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
We recently had the opportunity to travel to New Orleans and we chose to stay at the Whitney based on user reviews, location, and price. The room was very nice and was really clean. The hotel was well decorated. The one big call out I have is that the restaurant accepts room charges and cash only! As a rule, I won't support a business that doesn't accept credit cards for payment. Valet parking or a paid lot across the street are your parking options.Thank you for recent visit to the Whitney Hotel and for your kind comments. I'll be sure to pass this along to the staff. Please let us know if you need any reservation assistance in the future. Thank you, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Our room was beautiful, the location was wonderful just a couple of blocks from shopping, Bourbon Street and an easy walk to Jackson Square. There are great restaurants in walking distance as well as the restaurant in the hotel. Dinner in the vault was fabulous.The service was outstanding.Even one of the maintenance men held doors for me and gave great advice on where to eat. Loved it and can't wait to go back. Thanks especially to Jason who really took great care of us.We appreciate your recent visit to the Whitney Hotel and are so happy to hear you enjoy your stay! We'll pass along your kind comments to the staff and we look forward to hosting your next New Orleans trip! Feel free to call the hotel directly for any travel needs. Thank you, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Excellent service and location was perfect. Have been in New Orleans numerous times so we didnt need to be in the heart of French Quarter which could be very noisy. dont get me wrong, love a good time let the good times roll but when I want to sleep I prefer quite.. Staff very helpful , great new restaurants in warehouse district....Thank you for the great review and for your recent visit to the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans. We certainly appreciate the kind words and we are looking forward to hosting your next trip to the Big Easy!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
I will never consider staying at the Whitney after my epic night of uncomfortable room temperatures and a night's sleep on the hardest, cheapest mattress I've every experienced. The hotel staff was nonexistent and are complaints were only listened to AFTER check-out.Thank you for your review. I'm sorry to hear that we did not exceed your expectations but we'll use this information to provide better services in the future. Thank you for giving us the opportunity to hear about your visit. Sincerely,Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
The hotel was alright, this was my second stay at this hotel after my first experience I recieved a comp night to get a better experience. My second experience was about the same, rude staff, bugs in room, room wasn't cleaned when asked and many other things to add on this. For the price of the nights I did pay for, it would be been better to go to another hotel with more comfortable beds. Thank you for your candid review. Upon checking out on Sunday, our Guest Services Manager asked you if your stay was enjoyable, you told him that everything was fine. You certainly didn't mention any of the complaints you list here. We also noted you called for Housekeeping Service to remove trash and bring up fresh towels to your room in the early afternoon on Saturday, declining a full service. Upon reported completion of that task, a Courtesy Call Back was made and you told our Guest Services Agent that everything was delivered to your satisfaction. It's disheartening to read that you had complaints only after you left the property, even though attempts to verify your satisfaction were made by the staff here and, at the time, confirmed by you. We thank you for giving us another opportunity. We sincerely hope you enjoyed your time in New Orleans. As always, if we can be of any other assistance, please don't hesitate to contact us. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Managercasey.callaiswhitneyHotel.com
Nice locationGood staff Th rooms need to be Aired and to ne cleaned.Th breakfast is a shameTh location is goodWe dont recommanded this hotel as for th quality or th rooms as for the quality of th breakfast server into plastic platesDear Guest,Thank you very much for visiting our hotel and for sharing the details of your stay. Our culture is to ensure that we create the best experience for each and every one of our guests. We are disappointed that you experienced some issues and we did not meet your expectations. Please know that we are working on upgrading our product in the near future. We are sorry that is was not up to expectations this time. I have shared your review with my colleagues so we can address these concerns for our future guests. Because of honest feedback we are able to constantly improve ourselves among the marketplace.
Recently stayed at the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans. The hotel was an exceptional experience from the old 1910 building to the amazing queen suite. We would make any future visits to New Orleans included a stay at the Whitney Hotel. Front desk staff helpful, friendly and very informational about locations in the city. Parking was somewhat priced out there but the valet service took good care of our truck and promptly brought it to us when we called for it. Would recommend this hotel to anyone that wants to experience New Orleans in actual history and ambience.Thank you for the great review and for your recent visit to the Whitney Hotel! We'll pass along your kind comments to the staff and look forward to seeing you again soon. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral ManagerCasey.CallaisWhitneyHotel.com
Unfortunately, it is not a place to have confidence. One of my children left a small amount of money in the car. When we left the hotel we realized they had stolen it. Although it was little amount of money, the fact is equally repudiable.Thank you for your feedback. We appreciate your recent visit and will use the information you provided here to enable additional training and exceed future expectations. Please accept my apologies for not doing so during this visit. I hope you'll consider giving us another opportunity to make a better impression during your next visit. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
My husband and I stayed for 4 nights with my 13 month old son and our experience was disappointing from the moment we checked in. When we made our reservation on the phone, we requested a crib for my son and were told it would be no problem. When we arrived we were shocked to see a pack-n-play rather than a crib and they didn't even provide us with a sheet. We called the front desk and demanded a crib. After a few hours, a crib was brought to our room... without even a crib sheet. After many phone calls to the front desk asking for a crib sheet we received a full size sheet for a crib. Apparently not a single person who worked there even knows what a crib sheet is. In addition to the crib and sheet fiasco, the carpeting in our suite was buckling and we almost tripped over it several times. There were also some sink holes in the bedroom. It seems that the hotel is about to undergo a much needed renovation, so hopefully they can also improve their customer service. The location of the hotel was the main reason we chose it, and it does have the potential to be a lovely boutique type hotel with some updates.Thank you for your candid feedback. I'm sorry to hear we didn't meet your needs initially with the crib. We've found that most prefer a soft-side crib over the steel framed ones. Once your requests were understood, though, our desk agents promptly retrieved a crib that was to your liking. We truly do appreciate your feedback and will use to provide better experiences. Thank you. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
What a wonderful weekend spent with my husband. Staff, Food, Rooms, everything was great. So welcoming and professional from arriving to departure. Location is perfect. Not to busy, but many thing within walking distance to explore in the big city. Defiantly will be back soon... Wouldn't stay anywhere else! Thank you for your recent visit to the Whitney Hotel. We're so happy to hear you enjoyed your stay and look forward to hosting your next trip to New Orleans!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
This was a beautiful hotel. All the things that made it a bank are still there, reminding you of the lovely banks that we used to have. The fact that part of the building is still an operating bank was a surprise. Everything was lovely. I did not eat in the restaurant because the rest of my party wanted to go other places , but we should have eaten there. We went to Mother's we had the worst meal that any of us ever had. I would highly recommend this hotel for a great stay its location.We're so happy to hear you enjoyed your stay at the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans and we appreciate the great review. We look forward to hosting your next stay, feel free to contact us for future reservations.Thank you, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
The staff was courteous, friendly and helpful. However, the hotel itself seemed to be a hodgepodge of various updates through the years. It seems staff has been trained to blame it on Katrina but when you stay its clear that the owner has not sufficiently maintained the facility through the years and when maintenance was performed, done so at the cheapest cost no matter how unsightly. the hotel has a lot of potential but is not a boutique by any stretch of the imagination. the windows are original so they are thin. curtains did not properly open and close. AC was loud and inconsistent at keeping a steady temp. using an old mercury thermostat. continental breakfast was paltry compared to others hotels.Dear Josephcarter2018,Thank you for taking the time to review our property. I apologize that your stay fell short of our high service standards. We truly consider all feedback to be a critical part of our success. We pride ourselves on the high levels of service provided to our guests and I am very sorry to hear that was not the case during your stay. Your honest feedback is greatly important to us as we continue working to make improvements and please rest assured that your comments have been heard and passed along to senior management. Thank you again and I truly hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back to visit again in the future.
My wife and I recently spent 5 nights at the Whitney Hotel. We chose it for its mid-way location between the WWII and the Ogden Art Museums, and the French Quarter. It is also only a block from the Charles St. trolley to the Garden District.Our 6th floor king-bed room was a little small by king standards, but didn't feel cramped. The only smallness inconvenience was a lack of night stand and light on one side of the bed (no room). The bed and pillows were excellent and the room clean. The bath room had ample space for both of our toiletry bags, and there was a nice tub/shower with great towels. The provided shampoo and other products were of high quality.Since our room was directly above Poydras Street, a busy thoroughfare, we expected some noise and on the first night, which coincided with a Saints NFL game, we got it. However the noise subsided about 10 PM after the game traffic cleared and each of the subsequent nights were pleasantly quiet. The A/C was efficient and quiet.This is a smaller hotel (compared with the mammoth nearby Sheraton) and the staff were always available and pleasant. There is a restaurant on the premises (we only had one breakfast there - very good) but many, many fine restaurants in all price ranges are within 5-10 min walking distance. I felt the hotel was a great value for the price and would gladly stay again.We're so happy to hear you enjoyed your stay at the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans! Thank you for the great review and we look forward to seeing you again soon. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
We booked this hotel as it offered close proximity to the the centre of New Orleans and it offered disabled facilities in 'superior' rooms. We arrived late because we took the Amtrak from New York 36hrs we arrived at 21.30, very tired. Expecting a decent night sleep we were told they did not have a double room with a disabled friendly shower but a single room on the 7th Floor(they had elevators) with the correct shower. They asked was this acceptable We were so tired we said yes Ok. We were then informed that we would be charges an additional 50 per night for 12 nights for 'extras'. Extras we asked what extras/ Food, movies, drinks, breakfast.We were so tired we said OK. They then hit my card for 3000 - before leaving London we had agreed with our card company that no transaction would exceed 2800 as we had had stolen/lost cards in the past. We had forgotten this limit and the receptionist said the card was rejected. We could not work out why this had happened. So we paid for 1 night with the intention to sort the problem in the morning. However when we went up to the room we were delighted with the bathroom and felt that the size of the room was just about adequate. I was still upset about the card being rejected so I called the 'local' number of my bank. They confirmed there were no problems but reminded me of the limit I had set. As the room did not have a fridge or safe and as we were so tired I decided to deal with the problems in the morning. The following day I went to reception and the manager (i presume) allowed me to pay the bill account on 2 cards saying he understood why this had happened. I asked anbot a fridge he said it would be delivered. There was no safe available. I was not asked to pay the 'extra' this time so payment was made of a further 2200 split on the 2 cards. We went out and on our return found a fridge of 3ft square in the bedroom - so large that it hampered access to the bathroom. We had eaten out so thought we would watch a movie. The TV in our room refused to show us what was available so I rang reception - only no the line was still connected to my European Bamk on the local number. This phone call connection lasted 3 days.and paid 17.98 3minute . So, in spite of my disability I went down to reception and was told that they did not offer movies! As i had paid I could not afford to move and so we were stuck in this hotel. Finally on our last day no one helped with the luggage. I would write a lot but no more room We're glad you found the room size adequate and were delighted with the bathroom. I'm sorry to hear your bank gave you so much trouble with your credit card but happy to hear the desk manager was able to work around it. The reason you didn't have movies is because the 50.00 per night hold for incidentals (like movies, room charges, etc.) was waived due to the issues you were having with your bank and the monetary limits you had set. Also, (and again, in an effort to make you more comfortable) a fridge was placed in your room. I'm sorry to hear you thought it was too large but it's the smallest one we had. Additionally, your phone charges were waived when you didn't disconnect the International call. I am truly sorry to hear you did not enjoy your experience at the Whitney Hotel but it sounds like the staff went above and beyond to serve you and you were satisfied with the room so thank you again for mentioning that. If there is further information you would like me to review, please don't hesitate to contact me. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Special birthday trip for 5 days. We narrowed our choices on Hotels.com to finally choose The Whitney. We stay at many 'upscale' hotels in our business travels, and wanted an 'experience'. Location - perfect, a couple of blocks to the French Quarter, 3 or 4 to the Riverwalk, great food nearby. Starting with Earl (the Pearl) checking us in, and Michelle (long brown hair) made us feel comfortable far beyond the typical experience. They were knowledgeable and available for any of our needs wants, as other staff including housekeeping, they are great!Cleanliness rates a 10+Southern Hospitality 10+We're so glad to hear you enjoyed your visit to the New Orleans and thank you for staying at the Whitney Hotel. Your feedback is valuable to us and I'll share your great comments with our staff. If we can be of any other assistance to you, please feel free to call us directly. We look forward to hosting your next visit to the Big Easy!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral ManagerCasey.CallaisWhitneyHotel.com
The Hotel is within easy distance of both the French Quarter and the Warehouse district. This is a historic building built as a bank and office use, so rooms may be smaller than a normal hotel, but the building has character. The staff was 5 star by being attentive, friendly, and helpful. My room was very clean and comfortable. I will stay again.Thomas W, Thank you so much for the wonderful review of the Whitney Hotel and sharing your feedback with others on TripAdvisor! We greatly appreciate your comments and cant express to you our gratitude for your kind words about our hotel and our colleagues. I am very glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us! Thank you for the terrific review and for recognizing our great team for taking care of you. Thank you Again Thomas W.
We have stayed at The Whitney before, but had no idea that the hotel no longer had a bar nor restaurant. This is a sad commentary, since we enjoyed the hotel last year, and were looking forward to another visit. The staff was again cooperative, understanding, and friendly. But, the sink had only a trickle for water flow, and the engineer could not fix the problem. And, we were there for 5 ngts. I'm sorry to hear you did not enjoy your stay. There were some service issues with the previous food and beverage operation, which was contracted through a 3rd party. Due to this, a change was made and the hotel has started offering a free continental breakfast. While we've received mostly positive feedback about the change, we understand that some like a full service restaurant inside the hotel. Plans to reopen the bar are underway and with all the wonderful dining options in walking distance of the Hotel, our Front Desk team will always have a great recommendation for you. Thank you again for your feedback and we hope you come back and see us next year. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
I had a great stay at the hotel, walking distance from everything good in new orleans, rooms are nice, building has charming status due to the old bank stuff, i would recommend the whitney to anyone! You if you look for a place to stay in new orleans go there!Thank you for your wonderful review on the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans. We're so happy to hear you enjoyed your visit and look forward to seeing you again soon!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
We enjoyed this lovely hotel. It was nice to go to breakfast and look up and see the beautiful architectural details. The bank vault of course was extraordinary. We learned that the hotel is still attached to a working bank. The restaurant was lovely and the bacon egg and cheese croissant was fresh and delicious. The room was nice enough and clean enough. We would definitely stay here again for a quick stay.Thank you for your recent stay with us at the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans! We greatly appreciate your kind words and look forward to hosting you again soon. If we can be of further assistance, please don't hesitate to contact us directly. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
The Whitney is about five blocks or so from Canal and on to the bars and restaurants of the French Quarter. At night it is a quiet walk past hotels and office buildings once you cross canal returning home. The staff is very friendly in that way New Orleans is. There is a small restaurant for breakfast and coffee if it is raining outside. Rooms are nice and quiet. Would definitely stay again.Thank you for this wonderful review of the Whitney Hotel. We're so happy to hear you enjoyed your visit. If we can be of any other assistance in the future, please don't hesitate to contact us. We look forward to seeing you again soon!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
For my mother's 90th birthday, she wanted to go to New Orleans (has not been since 1959) and we had a fabulous time. My thanks to the Whitney for making her feel so special, absolutely everyone at the hotel was gracious, helpful, polite and fun. The hotel was completely booked, but our spacious rooms/bathrooms were cleaned promptly and it was not noisy. I highly recommend the Whitney Hotel for the perfect stay in New Orleans...Cathy ThomasNashville, TNWe're so pleased to hear you enjoyed your trip to the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans and thank you for the kind words. We'll pass your praise onto the Staff. Please let us know if we can accommodate your next Big Easy get-a-way. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
When my original room was not ready, staff upgraded me to suite, which was great, with one exception. Given the historic nature of the property, electrical outlets were not readily accessible. The location was great for the purpose of my trip. Everywhere I needed to go was w/in a block.Thank you for your recent visit and the great feedback you've left here at TripAdvisor. We look forward to seeing you again!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Managerccallaiswyndham.com
The bar closed at 10pm which was poorOnly 3 days into our 8 day trip we were told the bar and Resturant were closed leaving us with no facilities in the hotel We should have been told that when we were booking and would not have booked it as it's nice to eat and drink in the hotel after a long days walking around town Thank you for your candid feedback. I'm sorry to hear that we did not exceed your expectations. The restaurant was a third party operation, not owned or managed by the Hotel and the decision to close the venue could not be controlled by the Hotel. To offset any inconvenience, the Hotel offered, free of charge, a grab and go continental breakfast. Please accept our apologies for the closure. If you feel there is any other information I need regarding your stay, please feel free to email me or call me on my direct line at 504-212-8686. Again, please accept my apologies and thank you for letting me know about your visit.
I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at this Hotel. The room was clean, quiet for sleeping and comfortable. Very convenient for transportation and access to popular locations. I did not use the restaurant facilities, I think there could be a little more promotion for the dining room. Thank you for your recent stay at the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans! We're glad to hear you enjoyed your visit and look forward to hosting you again soon. Please don't hesitate to contact us directly for your next New Orleans get-a-way!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
I was in town for the Crescent City Classic. The Whitney Hotel is easy walking distance to the start of the 10K race. Also close to the French Quarter and the WWII museum. I like the Central Business District and this location is very central for my purposes, with St. Charles street car close by to the Quarter and the Garden District. Very good value compared to comparable hotels. I have stayed here twice before and will try to stay here again my next trip. Was a good hotel for me.We're so happy to have loyal guests such as yourself coming back again and again to the Whitney Hotel! Thank you for your continued patronage and the wonderful review. We look forward to seeing you again soon!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Hotel is older but quite nice. Staff are friendly and helpful. Rooms are well appointed and quite modern. There is a bit of traffic noise from the street (I was on the 3rd floor) but this is to be expected downtown in a major city. (plus I was there the day the St. Patrick's day parade occurred, and its route took it right by the corner of the hotel). I didn't use the restaurant but it looked very decent. It's quite close to the various things to do or a quick cab ride away if you don't want to walk. I would certainly stay there again.Thank you for the great review and for your visit to the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans! It certainly was a pleasure hosting your stay. If we can be of any other assistance in the future, please let us know. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Stayed for one night. Hotel is in a great location to walk to Superdome for Saints game and have dinner at the great Restaurants in the warehouse district. Hotel is clean and quiet. Loved how the lobby and check in area still have the large safe and bank windows throughout. Thank you for your recent visit to the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans. We're happy to hear you enjoyed your visit and appreciate the great review! We look forward to seeing you again soon!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
We stayed 1 night. while the hotel was beautiful and the staff were pleasant,I inquired about extra charges to my card, no one knew why. I then emailed twice and called again (international as I was on my honeymoon) with no response!!! How frustrating to know so much was charged without a reason why or enteraction from staff!I am very sorry to hear about what has happened during and after your stay with us. We want to make sure all of our guests have the best possible stay and I can see that we dropped the ball when it came to yours. I ask that you reach out to me at brian.daviswhitneyhotel.com or call me directly at 504-581-4222, so that we can get this resolved right away. Thank you and I hope to hear from you soon.
Stay at The Whitney to capture a sense of the history of New Orleans with its actual bank vault door decor, and location that is right in the heart of New Orleans great for business but close to the French Quarter for fun. It's clean, comfortable, has amenities, and is a great location, friendly too.Thank you for your recent stay at the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans! We're glad to hear you enjoyed your visit and look forward to hosting you again soon. Please don't hesitate to contact us directly for your next New Orleans get-a-way!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Overall, good trip. Clean and friendly! It was mid summer when we stayed and we prefer ice cold room. Couldn't get it cool enough. Bed was comfy. Pillows a bit too thick for us. Cold water at faucet was warm to hot. Shower temp was perfectly hot. Would recommend more mirrors in room. A safe would be good addition and fridge. Enjoyed continental breakfast. Would stay at this beautiful hotel again. Thank you for the great review and your recent visit to the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans. We certainly appreciate you kind words and will pass them on the staff. It's our pleasure to provide excellent customer service to our guests. We look forward to hosting you again in the very near future. Sincerely, Jason LaBicheGuest Service Manager
Our recent stay at the Whitney was overwhelmingly nice. The hotel is housed in the historic old Whitney Bank Building. The reception desk was once the teller desk and the old vault is located in the lobby. Our suite was very large with two rooms. The master bedroom was quite spacious and was separated from the sitting area by French doors. The sitting area had a sofa bed it's own television. The bathroom was also very spacious. The hotel offers free internet as well as complimentary coffee. There is a restaurant located in the lobby. The staff was very helpful and courteous. The hotel is located right off of Saint Charles Avenue which is very convenient during Mardi Gras and only a half a mile from the French Quarter. I will be staying again!!!On behalf of the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans, thank you for your visit and kind words on TripAdvisor. We hope we'll get another opportunity to serve you again during your next trip to the Big Easy!Kindest Regards, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
I have stayed at the Whitney many times for business, back when it was a Wyndham property and now that it is a New Orleans Collection Hotel. Staff is friendly and efficient, rooms are clean. At some point soon they will need to address carpet as it is getting dated, but OK now. Bar downstairs is good as is restaurant. We ate breakfast a couple of times at Cafe on the Square around the corner and had good experiences.Thank you for your continued patronage at the Whitney Hotel. We are in the planning stages now for replacing carpet throughout the hotel. Thank you again and we look forward to hosting your next visit to New Orleans!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at The Whitney. The beds were very comfortable. The location is superb. It is walking distance to everything we did, French Quarter, Bourbon Street, shopping, Harrah's, etc. We will definitely stay here during our next trip to New Orleans. The staff was rather gracious as well. Loved it!!!!Thank you for taking the time to write a review regarding your recent stay at the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans. We're so happy to hear you enjoyed your visit and look forward to seeing you again soon. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Super friendly and accommodating staff. Staff bent over backwards to assure we had a great stay. Always ice cold water, news papers and vacation information in the lobby. Great restaurant recommendations. We ubered from the airport 33-55 . You do not need a car in the city. Street car on one side of hotel. 2 blocks to French quarter and bourbon street. Near casino and ww2 museum. Beds super comfortable and hotel is really clean. Thank you for your recent stay with us at the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans! We greatly appreciate your kind words and look forward to hosting you again soon. If we can be of further assistance, please don't hesitate to contact us directly. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
We enjoyed the hotel. Location was great walking distance to many sites. Paying to park was a surprise, but we decided that was better than staying further away and worrying about parking.Hotel was absolutely beautiful. Very nicely maintained. No old hotel odor. Staff was friendly and accommodating. The room was nice, very comfortable kept very clean by friendly housekeeping staff. Lovely city view. Traffic noise was noticeable. Bathroom was good sized, had a great shower, and was nicely kept. Restaurant was beautiful. Food adequate but not exceptional. Limited hours. Service friendly but I actually got up to get my own coffee refills one morning even though only two tables had customers. Overall a great experience and we would definitely stay again and recommend it to others.Thank you for your recent visit. We appreciate your feedback and look forward to hosting your next stay at the Whitney Hotel!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
on the edge of the french quarter, easy access, courteous service, efficient, clean, valet parking, personalized welcome, correct price. Not for a romantic stay but perfectly fine for business or family stayThank you for your review of the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans! We're so happy to hear you enjoyed your stay and we appreciate the feedback. If there is anything we can do to make your next visit to the Whitney better, please don't hesitate to let us know. Thank you and we look forward to seeing you again soon!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
I found this hotel online, and it came highly recommended. It was convenient to everywhere in the city I wanted to go, though its location on Poydras street did mean the mornings were a little noisier than I expected due to the traffic, but you can't fault them for that. I had occasional difficulty with my room key working but still always got into my room. I didn't realize at booking that the hotel doesn't have a bar/restaurant and the room didn't have a refrigerator but that was my fault for not checking. Overall the staff was incredibly helpful, friendly, and made my stay. The hotel is very unique and original due to its history and not like every out-of-the-box hotel you find these days. It was nice to stay in a place with such character. Res877, Thank you very much for taking the time to share your comments about your stay with us at The Whitney Hotel. We are delighted to know that you enjoyed your stay and thank you for pointing out the amazing service you received from our staff. Excellent service is what we strive to be known for therefore your feedback is extremely important as it enables us to continually improve our service and provide a memorable experience to our guests. Your very kind comments mean a lot to our team and I can assure you that there is no better motivation than feedback such as yours. Thank you.
We had a wonderful stay at the Whitney hotel. The front desk staff headed by Patrick were the best that I have ever experienced. They were extremely helpful in making reservations at great restaurants, guided us through the craziness of Mardi Gras and were always friendly and helpful in every way. The rates were a good value and the location was ideal.We're so happy to hear you enjoyed your visit to the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans. Thank you for taking the time to write such a glowing review and for mentioning the wonderful service Patrick provided. I'll be sure to let him know. We look forward to hosting your next stay!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral ManagerThe Whitney Hotel
This was my first visit to New Orleans and the first time I have ever stayed at a Drury Inn. The hospitality was great! Room was clean, the appliances and TV were in good working order. The beds were comfortable. I felt safe, Only guests were able to use the elevators with their key cards. The only complaint was the ice machine was near our room and it was making lots of noise. They were able to fix the problem the next day.The breakfast bar and appetizers were very good. Lots of variety and plenty to eat. If you are going with children or teenagers, it is very good on your food budget. The hotel was near the St Charles trolley line and Jackson Square. I was able to walk to the square early in the morning and just enjoy some people watching. I would definitely stay here again and recommend it highly.
Upon our arrival and during our stay the staff was the highlight. There was plenty of toilet paper, but the holder would not hold it up. The water was hot and pressure good, but the handle kept falling off. The bed was very comfortable and clean. It was in the morning we found unwelcome guest in our clothes.....very small ants!!!! We have only stayed at this Drury once and of course I cannot speak for the other rooms, but I will not stay there again. The staff was wonderful and our bill was adjusted very nicely, but the vermin bite! The hotel is in a great location to down town and the port if you are cruising.Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback from your stay with us. Also, thank you for pointing out the items that were not working properly while you were here. As you experienced, we have no problem fixing things when we are made aware and making them right. One item that did not get fixed until you were gone was the sugar ants, but I want to let you know that too has been resolved the day you checked-out we had an exterminator come in and treat the room, and then revisit it a week later.I am sorry this was not a memorable trip for the right reasons, but I appreciate your kind words about the team. I hope to have the opportunity to serve you as a guest again.Sincerely,Patrick D.General Manager
Great location next to St. Charles street car and short walk to Quarter. Clean, quiet, spacious room. Always enjoy breakfast and Kickback. Attentive staff, warm pool. This was our first trip to NOLA but won't be our last, and we will surely stay at the Drury again.
Cannot say enough good about this hotel. Sometimes I pick obscure places to stay on vacation...but our 2 teens have declared that I have redeemed myself with this hotel pick! Everything here is new, fresh, modern, and clean. Huge rooms. Huge living area with sofa bed, desk, chairs, TV huge bedroom with 2 queens, TV, bench huge bathroom, etc. The absolute best part is the breakfast and dinner/cocktail hour. Breakfast is a real buffet with sausage, scrambled eggs, potatoes, biscuits, waffles, pastries, etc. Even more surprising, the cocktail/snack hour really is a light dinner buffet. They have a salad bar, baked potato bar, a pasta dish, chicken strips, hot dogs, soup, nachos, chips/salsa, etc. We decided to just make a meal of it the night we arrived. Great for kids. You are able to get 3 drinks/person each evening: 4 kinds of wine, Bud Light on tap, margaritas, and several cocktails/mixed drinks. They also have coffee and a soda fountain. The lobby has a refreshment station with popcorn, a soda fountain, and 24/7 coffee. The hotel is a couple block walk to the SuperDome, and a reasonable 10 minute (safe) walk down Poydros to the riverfront, including the big Hilton, Harrah's, and the outlet mall. From there, it's a few blocks East to Jackson Sqaure/Cafe du Monde, etc. The cross street here becomes Bourbon St. When it crosses Canal St. (The official divider between the French Quarter and the CBD), so you're really right in the heart of the action in a 10 min walk that direction also. Great location all around! They valet park everything, but have a massive motor court where they can pull around 15+ cars at a time, so no problem there. We will definitely choose this hotel for our next visit to the Big Easy!
I have stayed at this Drury Inn every other year when I visit New Orleans during Mardi Gras Season. This year was no different... To make a long story short- Drury Inn charged me for two rooms but failed to let me know that upon arrival or checking in the hotel (I had apreviously called the hotel to cancel the reservation FYI). After I noticed the charge on my account I called and spoke with the manager Patrick to reverse the charges. He was super rude, loud talking over me, and had an I dont care attitude. He stated that he would fax in the necessary paperwork to my bank as they requested via email.( that was a Sunday) Monday went and still no funds-Tuesday came and still no funds. At this point my automatic withdrawals started to come out of the account. Which enabled my account to go in the negative and it set a domino effect. I checked in on Saturday and my bank froze my account due to suspicious fraud so I wasnt able to get any money off my account (but it didnt matter because Drury Inn had it all wrap up). Tuesday before I left I spoke with my bank and they told me they never received the proper paperwork so I went to the front desk and spoke with Jaime and she faxed the proper info over for me. Not even 30 minutes later my bank called me and said they received the paperwork and the funds are credited to my account. Now on to the housekeeping- our room had not been cleaned the entire time we were there- which was a Saturday through a Tuesday. Yes the trash was emptied and the beds covers had been pulled over( which I had an issue with because the first day the sheets I had had urine stains on them) after I returned back to the room I asked if someone could come change my sheets. When I returned I asked the front desk if it was taken care of and they stated yes (what they didnt know is that I put a quarter in the middle of the bed under the covers). When I came to the room it was still there. The entire I was there no one vacuum the floor and I had to call everyday to ask for towels - the minimum required towels was not left in my room after cleaning it. I had a few questions and concerns for the manager Patrickbut he blew me off, loud talking me, his exact words were you did this so deal with it. Tuesday morning I attempt email to contact the manager Slade about the situation just to let him know that my bank stated they never received the authorization to reverse funds but he never called me back and I called him at 8:22 am. Yes I went down to the front desk and Jaime took care of it but he was avoiding me because he did not want to handle the situation. His exact words were you would have to call Patrick because he knows the situation and I dont have anything to do with it since he already knows the story. The crazy thing is I actually love this hotel but I wont ever be staying here again when I come to New Orleans. Talk about unprofessional and unable to handle a situation! By the way if I could give a negative 22 on the score I would. All weekend I was suppose to be enjoying the festivities for my birthday but I had to continuously run up behind Drury Inn for answers. What if I didnt have any cash on me how was I going to be able to get back home Im so disgusted by it ALL.
This is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in! Check-in was a breeze and had no problems getting to our room. The lobby displayed a classic 1920s hotel style, as well as a grand staircase. The hotel's elevators are room key activated only, for safety reasons. We had a smoking corner room on the ninth floor and there was no trace of smoke anywhere in the room. There was clean white sheets on the bed and clean carpets. Also to our surprise, there was a door that led out to a balcony (we was one of the two rooms to have this.), which I enjoyed being a outdoors person. The bathroom was clean and spotless. The shower provided shampoo, conditioner, and body wash, although I brought my own. The 5:30 Kickback in the lobby was like dinner to us. There was hot dogs, chicken tenders, cocktails, and liquor (2 for every person and show your room key). The pool and hot tub were clean and pristine, although I didn't use it. The views from the rooftop were breathtaking. The fitness room had a bike and step machines and two treadmills (a somewhat small room, though). The general manager and his staff were great to us. I will recommend this Drury Hotel and will stay here again when I come back to NOLA.
We just returned from a three night stay at this hotel. We loved it. Public transportation is right out the front door (bus and streetcar). If you'd rather walk, just head strait down Carondelet - it turns into Bourbon when you cross Canal (6 blocks).Hot breakfast is provided every morning in the lobby. On Sun-Thur, each adult guest receives three complimentary evening cocktails in the lobby.The rooftop pool is small, as is the fitness center.The lobby is beautiful, with marble floors and nice chandeliers. We stayed in a king suite, and it had tons of space, although the bathroom area seemed small. Our teenaged nephew slept on the pull-out sofa, and appreciated all the room he had to spread out. He also appreciated that we had our own tv in the bedroom, so he could have control over the one in the living room. He loved the free internet access, but didn't love the TONS of pop-up ads that came along with it.The king suite had:One bedroom with king bed, two night stands with lamps, entertainment center with television, telephone, and closet. Living area with pull-out sofa, chair, recliner, coffee table, entertainment center with television, refrigerator, and microwave (2 free soft drinks and microwave popcorn provided), and desk area with internet access.The vanity area had another closet, as well as a coffee maker. Parking is 13 a day, which is a bargain. The lot is self-park, no valet, so you have access to your car whenever you need it.Make sure your room key is always handy. You need it to get in and out of the parking area, to use the elevators, and to get into the back entrance (all day) or the lobby entrance (after hours).This was our third trip to New Orleans, and our first stay at the Drury. I think we'll stay here again.
Hotel is great and will stay here again! Located in the business district.Cab ride from airport for 3people is a flat 15pp. 2 people is 36.Day manager Kyle was fantastic and always made time to ask about our day.All staff was friendly and very nice.Free breakfast was very plentiful and decent choices.Evening free buffet was also plentiful plus you get 3 free drinks!Pool was nice and hot tub was large. 2 washers and dryers near the pool area.Beds were very comfortable and rooms were a good size.We had 2 queen beds, desk with business chair and a sitting chair.Our room also had a mini fridge and small microwave.Elevators will only work with a room key so that was nice for security.Located about 4blocks from French quarter it is a straight walk to bourbon street.St. Charles trolly stop just across the street that heads towards the French quarter so you don't have to walk if you don't want to.Cab ride back from French quarter was anywhere from 5 to 10My only drawback would be our room did not have a safe but other than that had no issues whatsoever and will look to stay in a Drury Inn again if it's in a city we are traveling to.
This location, like all Drury locations, exceeds all expectations for a lower cost, quality hotel. If Drury has a location in the city I am traveling to, I know where I will stay!Rooftop pool was very nice, rooms (2) were quiet and clean, service exceptional as always. We were in New Orleans for two nights after a cruise. Close to all attractions (walking distance to Bourbon street) and on the Trolly Line. If we return to NOLA, we will come back to Drury.
Perfect home base for our week in New Orleans. Very centrally located and reasonably priced. Valet service was excellent. Room was clean and the staff was all nice and helpful. I would strongly recommend this hotel for families staying in the city.
We come to New Orleans multiple times a year. We normally stay at another chain of hotels but our normal arrangements were booked full. This is our first time at this particular hotel and staying with this chain. The positives are this hotel is nice, very updated, we found our 2 bedroom suite to be very spacious, very clean, and the offerings for the food choices of the happy hour and breakfast exceeded our expectations. The front desk staff were very kind and helpful. They even assisted me to book needed activities for our family. The negatives are this establishment is ran so tightly it is at the expense of the comfort of its customers. The happy hour requires you to keep up with a card per adult to ensure you receive no more than 3 beverages. The happy hour offerings are of course well drinks and cheap wine. My husband accidentally spilled his last glass of wine at the bar and the employee made mention he was exceeding the allowable amount of beverage as he begrudgingly replaced it. The air conditioner is fixed to not go below 70 F. Our entire family was extremely uncomfortable and sweated all night. The tubs are fixed to only allow showers. There are not individual toiletries. Instead there is a shampoo/conditioner/body wash dispenser attached to the wall. It kind of grossed me out to think every other naked person before had touched it during their shower. They do advertise to earn so many reward points for everyday you do not utilize housekeeping so that leads me to believe this is a brand/chain initiative. It's a nice hotel that is uncomfortable and that's just unfortunate. My husband's review was, It's like being a guest of a cheapskate.
Comfortable rooms, although those on the street side pick up traffic noise. Located a block from both trolley lines to WW2 Museum and French Quarter. But only a few minute walk to either one. Staff was friendly and efficient. Pool and hot tub.Good free breakfast items, including waffles, eggs, sausage, etc.The eveningfree buffet features hot dogs, baked potatoes, soups, salads - plus three free alcoholic drinks per person.
Very nice hotel in a pretty good neighborhood. Close to trolley stop. Easy walking distance to riverfront, a little farther to Bourbon St. We were pretty low when we stayed and one night was VERY noisy outside. Ask for a higher room. The staff was very pleasant and competent and the facility was very clean. The breakfast buffet was pretty good (considering the price) and the dining room was 4x bigger than you would typically see in a free breakfast area. The afternoon Happy Hour was always fun. We saw a lot of New Orleans from there, with the exception of the Garden District. Very good stay and I would go back there on my next visit to NOLA. The rates were fairly good, but the parking seemed excessive.
Stayed in the Drury Inn and Suite for 2 nights over memorial day weekend and it was the best hotel i've stayed in for a long time. Our suite was huge with a large lounge, bathroom and huge floor to ceiling arced window which over looked the pool.The reception staff were always friendly and ready to help with suggestions of places to eat and really added a little extra to the stay. We were also allowed to check in at 11am without any additional cost which was really appreciated.The happy hour had a huge range and gave us the energy we needed after a day of walking NOLA's famous streets before heading out for dinner. Breakfast was also very good, with lots on offer and staff were always available to top up anything running empty.The location is great - with a street car stop right outside, altho we walked to and from the hotel to the french quartered repeatedly as it was a nice walk and only a few blocks.The rooftop pool and hot tub were perfect and always clean - the only problem was they only open them at 9am!Have only good things to say of this hotel - would book again in a second and would recommend to anyone visiting NOLA - it's a fantastic place!
My husband and I stayed here for three nights last weekend and loved it from the moment we walked into the lobby. We arrived prior to check in time and we were told our room would be ready in about an hour. The front desk staff was so friendly and helpful and offered to store our bags while we went to lunch. They gave us several recommendations for restaurants nearby. The hotel is very elegant and so immaculate! Location is wonderful...close to the french quarter but in a quiet, safe area. The breakfast buffet was great and the evening happy hour and buffet was excellent too and a great added bonus. You can't beat the value of this hotel.
Our family of 3 stayed here for 4 nights in late December. The whole experience from arrival to departure was enjoyable. We arrived at the hotel before lunchtime, and were pleasantly surprised to be able to go straight up to our room. The young woman who checked us in (Jamie) was so welcoming and friendly, we felt at home instantly. She even gave us a great recommendation for lunch, which we took, and enjoyed. Our room was on the 6th floor. It was large and well set out. We had 2 comfortable double beds , an armchair, desk, large screen TV, fridge, coffee maker and toiletries. The included breakfast was plentiful. Not a huge choice, but we always found something we enjoyed. It was busy during our stay so some mornings it was hard to find anywhere to sit, but one thing I will mention is the manager(s) were always making sure tables were cleaned briskly, so the wait was never too long. I found seeing management level doing this task and mingling with the people staying at the hotel a really nice touch. They always made time to ask about your day, and seemed to genuinely be interested in what you had to say. The nightly 'kickback' was another nice touch. We usually just had a nibble on the chips or popcorn,as had already eaten enough during the day, but it was fun to meet fellow holiday makers and hear about where they were from, or ideas of what to do around New Orleans. All in all I can not fault this hotel at all. Well done Drury Inn New Orleans for a efficiently run hotel with welcoming and friendly staff. Keep up the great work.
The Drury Inn and Suites in the Central Business District, New Orleans is close to everything, a few minutes walk you are in the French Quarter or at the Superdome. Surrounded by restaurants and bars it makes it convenient for short or long term stays. The staff makes you feel right at home from the minute you walk in and the evening social is a great time to meet new people while enjoying the free perks the hotel offers.
This hotel is well located with an easy walk (15 minutes) to the French Quarter and on the trolley line. The rooms are clean and comfortable. Service personnel are very gracious and helpful. Small coin laundry on the second level. Hot breakfast and snacks in the afternoon as well as popcorn and pop available in the lobby until 10pm. The only caveat is that the street side rooms are quite noisy as the trolley line passes on the street outside and seemed to run all night.
We arrived on motorcycles just at the start of a rain storm. They let us stay under the awning till it stopped. Staff was friendly and courteous as always! Very elegant appointments in the rooms and lobby. Can't say enough about the breakfast, dinner and drinks.
We stayed one night and were pleased. The staff was friendly and the room was clean. Not only was a full, hot breakfast included but happy hour offered hotdogs, tacos, baked potatoes, soup and 3 free cocktails per person. Nothing fancy but everything you need.
We could not have chosen a better location for quiet, access to street cars, and value! Highly recommend the Drury Inn NOLA. Friendly staff too and parking fees were not outrageous compared to other hotels in the city.
Absolutely loved this hotel. Located in a quiet area 5 blocks west of Canal and Bourbon streets. Free all you can eat hot breakfast in the morning. Hors d'oeuvres served in the evening along with 3 free alcoholic drinks per person. However, if you do this, you lose the chance to sample all the great New Orleans restaurants. g But, if you are on a tight budget, this really helps to defray expenses.Trolley line is just across the street from the front door and it will get you to just about everywhere in the area.King size bed was comfortable with 5 pillows provided. Our room had a whirlpool bath. Front desk clerks are so pleasant and always smiling considering they seem to spend most of their time answering tourist questions. My thanks to Renaldo, Ayila and Star. I will definitely stay at this hotel next time I return. And I had so much fun in this city, I expect to return soon.OldTOm
This trip was just a one night stay for a concert with just my daughter and myself. We arrived around 4:30 in the afternoon. Check in was quick and the clerk was extremely friendly and helpful. I requested the highest floor and away from street traffic and both were granted. The hotel is really nice inside and was spotless. Our room was a double and it was extremely clean and roomy. The bathroom was really nice and the beds were comfortable. We had adequate towels for the two of us. Another plus for this hotel is the secured parking lot is adjacent to the building. I really don't think there was anything that I would say needed improvement there. Customer service was great throughout the stay. You have to use your roomkey to access the hotel after 10:00 PM. You also have to use the key to operate the elevators from the lobby and to open and close the gate so be sure to keep one of your room keys when you check out if you are driving or you will have to go back inside as I did to get a key to get your car out. The hotel is walking distance to Bourbon St and the Riverwalk area (In my opinion). It may be a little far if you have any mobility issues. It is only a 4 or 5 block walk to the Superdome or the New Orleans Arena. We will be staying here again in the future.
We stayed in a 2room suite for 3 nights in April. The beds are extremely comfortable and the rooms are so sound proof that we slept great. The bathroom are beautifully updated with a tub and walkin shower. A plus is the hot breakfast included in the ratted and the 5:30-7:00pm kick back with free drinks and apps. Easy walk to the French quarter and there is a trolley stop right in front of hotel.
You will save money on food when you stay at Drury in New Orleans! The room, facilities, and pool were immaculatly clean and fresh. And the staff were all knowledgeable, caring, and friendly. We loved it!!
My family of 4 stayed here for one night in New Orleans. We were looking for a nice place that was near major tourist attractions and didn't cost a lot - as we were just passing through on the way to our vacation. This Drury worked out nicely.It was easy to find from I-10 - near the SuperDome and close enough to French Quarter that we could walk - even in the heat of July. Having said that, I did have the impression that it was closer. We walked to Canal St and the Riverwalk - several blocks and then worked our way back through a couple of FQ streets to find a spot for dinner. It was a LOT of walking. After dinner, we caught a cab (for less than 10) back to the hotel. We spent the evening in the rooftop pool. It was fairly small, but adequate. Our room had beautiful tall windows and ceilings, making quite a first impression. The beds were comfortable. The parking lot side of the building was rather loud because of the frequent passing by of the streetcar (this streetcar went to the Garden District, I think). Parking was 15 - a bargain compared to most of the hotels I looked at, and it was self park. You needed your room key to get in/out of the lot, but could come and go as you please. Much easier than valet, in my opinion.Breakfast was nothing special. We found the area crowded and the selection very limited. We ate a small bite and stopped at Cafe du Monde for beignets later in the morning. We would stay here again under the same circumstances, but if you are planning a longer stay or want a hotel with more of a NO feel, Le Pavillion is right across the street and is beautiful. Hotel Monteleone was a little closer to things and was the most beautiful hotel I saw. We paid an internet price of approx 80 (+tax) and 15 for parking.
Nice clean and I was impressed with the hot food served (BREAKFAST Dinner) plus three free mixed drinks for the guests..Safe feeling coming and going....Highly recommended.....I will be back again!
For starters its america, so home of customer service. The heating was broken in our room and they immediately switched us rooms and upgraded us to a suite for the same cost. Its a great location close to everything. They offer a great breakfast buffet and a later afternoon buffet of snack and also alcoholic drinks all for free. The location is quiet besides the tram, you can hear it very clearly. we enjoyed our stay very much
This Drury Inn is in the perfect location in New Orleans! Only blocks away from Bourbon St. Right by the parade routes for Mardi Gras, and even the superdome. The free breakfast, and 5:30 kickbacks just add to how great this hotel is. They just provide such a great deal with the atmosphere of the hotel, to the staff. Whenever I travel I try to only book a Drury Inn Suites hotel.
Thus place is awesome! We went to New Orleans for Christmas just to visit and the staff were super friendly, the hotel was very clean, the room was spacious, the bed was super comfy (and for me to say that is amazing) and the Kick Back is a great deal as well. What more can you ask for than free drinks (3 per person per evening) and free food that could be your dinner if you aren't planning on visiting a restaurant. Everything about this stay was great. When I come back, and I will, I plan to stay with you guys again. I know the hotel industry is tough and no one likes working Christmas anyhow, but everyone had a smile on their faces the whole time. No Grinches!
Room bathroom were very clean.. Beds very comfy! My room facing the busy Poydras street. Noise wasn't so bad at nite I did sleep soundly but awoken pretty early by street noise..suggest room not facing the street.. There is a happy hour I missed unfortunately as I believe the hours were 5-7pm .. I did make it for popcorn sodas which was great we arrived pretty late.. Distance It is about 2-3 blocks to French quarters .. It really is not far but when your tired and it's 1 am it's far ! Area is safe.. Hotel locks up doors elevator at nite must use room key to get in which I liked felt a little more secure. Hotel folks all very friendly helpful. There is fridge, microwave , small mini hairdryer (not attached to wall) all very handy . Breakfast was ok did the job. Parking pricy 25 plus 3 parking tax! but guess that's pretty standard parking price for French quarters ..
An overall excellent experience. The hotel staff was consistently friendly. Well situated to the French Quarter, Riverwalk, Harrah's and much more. The complimentary breakfast had a lot to offer - fresh fruit, waffles, scrambled eggs, sausage patties, yogurt were only some of the items available. There's also a complimentary happy hour with food, but we were out about. The rooms were nice - the beds suited us, there was a small refrig the shower was OK. An appreciated detail was that there are an abundant number of outlets throughout the room. If driving, it's not too far off the I-10 hotel parking is valet only.
We stayed in the Drury Inn over the fourth of July. We checked in early and were given a great room. Huge, immaculate and on a high floor. The included buffet breakfast and nightly kickback hour were amazing. Could not believe the assortment of items and generous cocktails too. Additionally, soft drinks and popcorn available daily in Lobby. The pool and hot tub were refreshing after hours of sightseeing. The Manager Patrick Dettweiler was wonderful. A fountain of knowledge and ever-present. We would highly recommend Drury to anyone visiting NOLA. Thanks again.
Clean and comfortable. We missed the complimentary drinks and snacks but They drinks and popcorn for us at check in. Pool and hot tub located on roof which was neat. We did have to pay to park 40 which we thought was unnecessary. I think they should include it in the price and those that want valet could have that available. It was hectic trying to leave bc there was only one the valet man and not room to unload and load up. I would have given this hotel a 5 star but we didn't like the parking situation.
This is our second year that we have stayed some nights in this downtown location. For a tour coach that comes in with 50 people, having three elevators is a huge bonus. Located within reasonable walking distance to many businesses, tourist attractions, and about a 20 minute easy walk to the French Quarter. The new addition to this complex will certainly enhance the appeal once it opens later on this year.
My husband and I stayed here 3 nights in May 2011 after a cruise. The staff was friendly and helpful, and our room was comfortable, spacious and clean. The building has old-style class and charm. When we reserved we requested a small refrigerator with a freezer unit (to re-freeze cooler pack for my husband's insulin) it was present when we arrived, but not freezing properly -- it was fixed promptly and worked fine the rest of our stay. The breakfast buffet was much nicer than average and includes do-it-yourself waffles. (Make sure to get to the breakfast within the stated hours -- they are serious about shutting down on time.) The free drink and snack time each evening was a nice perk, though we were only present for it once -- too many other things to do in the area! The rooftop pool and hot tub looked great, but the weather was a little too cool to make use of them while we were there -- go up for the area view even if you don't want to have a soak.
My husband and I stayed at this hotel the weekend before Mardi Gras. I was a bit apprehensive because of some reviews but overall I was pleased. The staff was very nice and helpful. We left our room early in the morning and several days near noon and upon our return our room was nice and tidy. We had a jacuzzi suite and it was quite spacious...enough room for much more than two people. There are two full size closets, mini fridge, flat panel TV, livingroom, and separate bedroom. The short walk to the French Quarter was nice and there is a Domino's just around the corner for an evening snack...or there are many nicer places that deliver to the hotel. Maybe the only little thing that kind of bothered us was the view. I am not sure if all jacuzzie suites are situated in the back corner of the hotel but our view was faced west and consisted primarily of two brick walls bordering the parking lot and some buildings off in the distance. Since we didn't spend much time in our room, the view did not bother us much. It was our first trip to New Orleans for some of the Mardi Gras festivities and we look forward to staying here again in the future.
My husband and I stayed here during Jazz Fest in early May. The hotel isn't much to look at from the outside- it appears to be an older building. We had a king room on the 7th floor- the view was of a parking lot with graffiti on the walls. The room was perfectly adequate though- the bed was comfy, shower pressure good, and we didn't hear any noise from outside or within the hotel. Nice and quiet- we slept great. The 5:30 kickback was great! Free drinks and appetizers. I just wish it lasted more than an hour since we didn't make it back to the hotel in time each night for it. The breakfast was fresh and plentiful as well. Waffle maker, hot buffet items, juices, etc. And included in the cost of the hotel room- a great plus. The hotel was a short walk from French quarter and other areas of interest. The city bus ran close by to the hotel- we took this to the City Park and rode bikes, as well as to the Jazz Fest. The price for our room was pretty steep since it was during Jazz Fest- but we still felt like it was a good value and in line with other hotels in the area. Parking was 25 a night plus tax. The hotel is still undergoing renovations- it looks like the parking garage will be attached to the building rather than 10 minutes away which will be nice. Overall would recommend staying here- no reservations!
My family of 5 stayed here for two nights. Best deal for a solid hotel close to the quarter with tons of room. We had two queens in the bedroom and a pull out couch in the sitting area. So. Much. Space! Clean, quiet, and a really great little pool.
A couple of friends and I went to the NKOTB concert and stayed at the Drury. It was a very nice hotel, helpful pleasant staff, spacious rooms, and we LOVED the free drinks, and kickback! We stayed out to late and so we missed breakfast, but everything else was very nice! We did have a small complaint that our room smelled like smoke it didn't really bother us that much, but we didn't want to get charged for smoking in the room when we didn't, so we reported it. The guy at the front desk said he would have someone right up to deodorize it and credited us for our parking fee for the inconvenience. That was SO nice! By the time we got back to the room, we couldn't smell the smoke anymore and it was a fresh scent in the room. I will stay here again!
We had taken a road trip to Texas, and decided on our return drive to stay 3 nights in New Orleans, as I'd never visited this city. We definitely recommend Drury Inn Suites, located in the business district. Its close to everything the trolley tour buses have the Drury as one of its stops. Our king suite was all that we wanted more! The bed was comfortable roomy bathroom was a welcome sight. Also enjoyed the morning's hot breakfast the evening food with beverages. Staff was quite friendly, accommodating friendly. We'll definitely stay here again!
This is a lovely hotel....part of hotel and lobby is remodeled from an older elegant billing. They kept the character of the old But updated to modern very nicely. We love the concept of the kickback and not having to get out and find a place for dinner when youre already tired from sightseeing. Kickback always has enough different items to satisfy the hungry in most people. Breakfast was very good and plentiful.We are sorry there are no Drury facilities in the northeast..we have never been disappointed in a stay at Drury.
We arrived at this hotel at 11am and our room 709 was ready. No noise comfortable room. The roof top pool was OK temperature for a night swim, even though it was cold outside. Jacuzzi was hot. Small exercize room. On major bus lines but it was quicker to walk to French Quarter and Riverwalk. The breakfast and afternoon kickback were good. Three well drinks p/p at happy hour made me happy. The entire hotel was very clean, well maintained and in a safe neighborhood. And by the way, we took the public bus from the airport for 2. It is called Jefferson transit,leaves every half hour, you can take two pieces of luggage, it took 1/2 hour to arrive three blocks from the hotel.
Drury Inn and Suites in New Orleans was a wonderful choice for our extended stay after a conference. The location is very convenient to all of the sights. The streetcar stop is right on the corner. Our room was huge, clean and comfortable. We did not have a great view from our window but most of the time we were out and about. The price of the hotel was just right. The breakfast was free and plentiful. The best part about Drury Inn was the Kickback hours--free hot food and drinks! Every staff member we encountered was friendly and went out of their way to accommodate their guests. The staff at the front desk were extremely helpful. We will definitely stay at the Drury Inn and Suites the next time we visit New Orleans.
My wife and I have stayed at the Drury Inn New Orleans several times in the past and find the location, service, cleanliness and value to far exceed the competition. The staff and facilities are top notch. We booked two king suites for six guests pre-cruise and loved our rooms. However, until the valet area is complete, we may have to look elsewhere. We were trying to assist our elderly parents, our two children, and lots of luggage and feel the unloading area being used is very unsafe during peak times. There just isn't enough room to handle the volume of traffic. This was a very stressful situation before we even checked in. I am still rating our stay with 5 stars because the staff deserves it. Management needs to address the off street unloading problem!
he hotel was great it had a rooftop pool and a gym the rooms were great d clean very nice staff near all the actiton in new orleans the hotel was great breakfast and dinner was wonderful i loved the waffles
This hotel is conveniently situated near the Riverwalk Convention area as well as the Bourbon Street area. I walked from my hotel to both of these locations for a week. This hotel is clean, nostalgic, and accommodating. We received free drink cards upon check-in for drinks in the lobby from 530P to 7P. Although there are no restaurants in this hotel, they can get delivery of almost anything you can think of as far as food. The first night I was there, I was leary of walking to a nearby restaurant or Bourbon Street, but there was no need to be. This hotel is growing and has a brand new wing that will open in about 6-12 months. The construction commenced M-F starting at 7A, but no contruction on the weekends! I believe the cost was very good for the accommodations and service.
This hotel has the friendliest staff around. The hotel is very clean and they provide a hot breakfast and an evening dinner with drinks. Also popcorn and soda. The pool and hot tub are terrific and offer a nice view of the city. The hotel is located directly across from the stop 8 on the hop-on-off bus tour and next to public transit. Can't go wrong with this hotel.
What a wonderful hotel we could not of ask for a better hotel staff during our stay. 'Great breakfast in morning and nice drinks and food in the evening for a little something before you go drinking on Bourbon Street. Has wonderful pool and hot tub and exercise room.
We stayed at this hotel for 3 days prior to taking a cruise.This hotel is in a great location-within walking distance of the French Quarter and the Riverwalk.Our room was large and very clean. The furniture was up-to date. The beds were comfortable. The free breakfast buffet in the morning was wonderful...everything you need to start the day off right and the free supper buffet in the evening was equally delicious, including 3 alcoholic beverages per person. The rooftop pool and hot tub area with lounging chairs etc. was also very clean. The staff were also very friendly and polite. From check-in to checkout all the employees were great. Any request was responded to immediately. A special thank you to Renaldo for all his help in trying to locate a missing bag for us.This hotel is a gem...we would stay here again if we are ever back in New Orleans and would recommend this hotel to all...you won't be disappointed.
This was my second stay in this hotel. The first was before Hurricane Katrina and the 2nd was after in 2010. We remembered having a very nice stay there before so decided to try this hotel again. The location is wonderful...right next to the trolley line (but not a noice issue...very quite). The price is very reasonable. We checked around...an excellent value in my opinion. We got a 2 room King Suite for the 3 of us. We loved everything about this room. The ceilings and windows are old-style tall...which just feels right in this city. There is lots of granite everywhere. The living room is a completely separate room so everyone had their privacy. The king bed was very comfortable. My 17 year old son said the fold out couch was pretty nice too....although he wouldn't want to share it with anyone...then again, he's 6'4 and about 210 lbs.! The breakfast was a very nice buffet, hot, and plentiful with real scrambled eggs, biscuits, bacon, fruit, juice...and the evening cocktails/soda and wings, chips, baked potatoes, hotdogs, veggies, dips, chicken fingers were plentiful and a great alternative to eating out again. We had a big lunch so just snack food was perfect allowing us time to enjoy the pool on the ROOF!! Parking is fenced, selfpark right next to the hotel for about 17. It is within easy walking distance of the famous Mother's...and all the traditional New Orleans favorites. When you consider the price of breakfast and the free alcoholic beverages and snacks...it is so worth the price....I think with parking included we paid about 150 tops. I am ready to go there again!
This is not your typical Drury inn! This is no cookie cutter hotel. We were very surprised at the lovely lobby and rooms at this hotel. We loved the staff who were very helpful on our first trip to New Orleans and the rooms have high ceilings with impressive tall windows.The beds were very comfortable and any troubles we had were addressed immediately. The hotel is within walking distance of the French Quarter if you want a small hike, but we did drive and park. There are closer hotels.They offer 3 complimentary drinks per night for guests and the free breakfast is very good.All this at a very attractive rate. We got there same day and were able to get a discounted rate.Overall, I would stay here again and again!
I traveled to New Orleans with my husband for a 3 night stay. This was our first trip here and we had a blast! The Drury Inn was the perfect place to stay! The breakfast was perfect, the free drinks/food at happy hour were a plus, and the staff couldn't have been more friendly!. Our room was very clean, bigger than I expected (just a standard room) and the bathroom had a marble look. The in-room fridge microwave was awesome. We utilized the pool every day and it was very quiet and refreshing. The fitness room contained 2 treadmills 1 bike and a flat screen tv. No weights, but at least there was a place to run off some fun from the night before! The location was a few short blocks to anything and everything! We always opted for the main streets, and never felt scared on any of our walks around town (even at 2am). We will stay here again the next time we visit for sure! Make sure to get a hand grenade at Tropical Isle. 3 will get the job done. Enjoy!!!!!
Stayed 3 nights in a 2 room suite (we were a party of 3 adults). The location was very convenient. The French Quarter was a short walk and the area was very safe. Close to the trolley and the WWII Museum. The suite was large, but the bedroom had no window and the window in the other room had no view. The sofa bed did not pull out easily, so my son just slept on the sofa which he was ok with. It was nice having the extra space privacy with 2 rooms and the price was right. The complimentary breakfast was nice. We didn't make much use of the evening social hour because who wants to eat hot dogs chips when there is such great food in New Orleans, but if you are a family economizing you could easily make a meal out of it. It looked like the hotel does a lot of tour business.
First this hotel (in the CBD) actually has parking right at the door available making my life easy. The package deals this hotel offers make it a good value for the entire family as it includes a fantastic New Orleans breakfast and the pool on the roof is a plus.
This hotel was an example of 'Southern Hospitality'. At check in the lady (I am sorry but I dont recall her name) was sheer professionalism and charm. Clearly she has been here a long time and made fell very welcome. The rooms are excellent and spotless. Self serve drinks and snacks after 3pm are great and breakfast is excellent. All other facilities are great and internet/free printing very useful. The location is great - far enough away from the noise of Bourbon St but only a 5 minute walk. Convenience store 3 blocks away and downtown shops, etc close too. I wouldn't stay anywhere else.
This hotel is great!!!! The staff are friendly and helpful. Great cocktail hour and a pretty good breakfast. The rooms are nice and a good size. Great parking rate! You get some great extras with your stay which is nice. The hotel is next to a trolley car stop which is nice. FYI if you have never been to the city buy an all day pass for the trolley. Its 3 per person for all day on and off stops. best deal around. It includes the buses in that pass as well. I have only two minor complaints and one is that the food during cocktail hour did not have healthy options for those that are watching their diet. The other was that we were next to the housekeeping closet and they were kindof loud early in the morning. Overall great experience and will book this hotel again!!!!
Great hotel. We did not meet one unfriendly staff member. Called asking for early check-in and they were happy to accommodate. Located in the center of the various NOLA districts - walking distance to French Quarter/Garden District/Warehouse District/etc. The hotel's Kickback Hour was better than anticipated. Every night there is salad bar/soups/chicken tenders/baked potato/etc. in addition to 3/night complimentary alcoholic drinks. The pool area was also very nice. Recommend this hotel all the way around! :)
This was our second trip here during Mardi Gras. This hotel is older, but everything is up to date. The suites are large and clean. We stayed on the 7th floor suites which included a mini fridge, microwave, and front lounge area with separate tv. The staff here is awesome. The plus for us is, this hotel is located around 1 block of the parade route. Being at the end of the route also gives you the opportunity to score bags and bags stuff being slung off the floats. It's also so close that if you have to use the restroom, you have a clean private restroom right around the corner. If you don't mind the walk, this location is also only around half a mile from Burbon and French Quarter. There are other hotels near, but we enjoy this hotel enough that we would continue to lock down a room during this party.They also have a buffet breakfast, nothing fancy... eggs, sausage, waffles, fruit, cereal, grits, biscuit and gravy. From 530-7p they have happy hour which includes 3 drinks.
My husband and I stayed here 2 days prior to cruise (Jan. 20 and 21st) and one day post cruise (Jan. 30). It was a perfect stay for us! The room was large, bed comfy, and we really enjoyed the free hot breakfast and free kick back hour in the evening. We basically had two free meals a day, with three free drinks each evening. Very clean hotel, close to the cruise port, and friendly staff. We will definitely be back next time we visit New Orleans!
My wife and I stayed at the Drury on Poydras on Friday night before the Jazz Half Marathon. We had stayed at the Drury before and enjoyed it very much. This time was no different. The hotel is clean and comfortable with a large inviting lobby. The have adopted valet-only parking which at 25 is expensive, but in line with other hotels in the area. The valets were very helpful and the service was excellent. The hotel offers a complimentary evening happy hour and breakfast with rather good food. We had a corner room, which was not a suite, but very spacious with a whirlpool bath. The room was comfortable, quiet, and had a nice view. The Drury is located at the edge of the French Quarter and provides easy access to the major sites. We had the added benefit of being only 1 block from the race start line at Lafayette Square. Overall, this is a fantastic place to stay in NOLA.
I have stayed here many times since 2005 I am never disappointed. The new rooms in the new addition are great. Really big and spacious. Plus the evening meal and the morning breakfast are a wonderful addition. After visiting museums and shopping all day, we didn't want to go out to restaurant. The evening meal offered baked potatoes, grilled chicken, pasta, salad, hot dogs chili. We put together a nice meal without having to leave the hotel. Then the next morning, we had a complete breakfast before heading off to the Aquarium. All the staff were very professional helpful. Thank you Drury Inn.
The Drury was close enough to the French Quarter that I could walk after the long day in meetings. The room was comfortable and felt homey. The staff were helpful and the the little extras were a definite bonus. I'm going to stay here again when I come back to New Orleans.
If you want a hotel close to the French Quarter rather than in it with all its noise, crowds and street entertainers and scam artists this is the perfect place. You are only four blocks from Canal Street, Bourbon Street and Royal Street or the streetcar stops right outside the hotel if you don't feel like walking. 3 for a 24 hour pass is a good deal and an easy way to move around all the key tourist areas. The Drury Inn offers excellent accommodation for the money: we had an oversized 2 room suite King Bed Non-Smoking suite for five nights which was clean, comfortable, well laid out. The Breakfast and Kick Back offerings should be seen as a bonus: it's quite naturally geared to US tastes and if you like what's on offer then enjoy (we did for the most part) if not then there are plenty of good eating spots within easy reach. As for the three alcoholic drinks each night what's to complain about Just be aware there are quite long lines on Friday and Saturday nights. Finally, many thanks to Kyle, Assistant General Manager, for the useful chats we had about New Orleans/ Memphis and Daniel always helpful and courteous in the dining room.
I recently stayed at the Drury Inn for 3 nights. I was assigned a corner room on the 6th fl that had two exposures of Poydras street. I was very satisfied with the room. It was quiet (some minor street noise), very well appointed, had a nice whirlpool type jet tub, and the TV channel selection was decent. The room was clean and well cared for. The hotel was very nice, had some character, and was close to most of what people want to see when visiting New Orleans. However, it was a few blocks from most of those attractions, which I didnt mind, but someone who wants to be in the thick of the action might find it disappointing being in the business district where the hotel is. The walk to the waterfront or Bourbon Street was about 6 blocks and felt safe even at night. The free food and drink was a big plus. The breakfast offerings met all my expectations. Well-cooked scrambled eggs, waffles, bagels, etc. The afternoon happy hour selection was weaker. The hot dogs were consistently under cooked and somewhat unattractive in appearance. I would say beef was either non-existent or way down on the ingredients listing. The other foods were satisfactory, but nothing off the charts. Hey, but this was all free, so I cant subtract points. But if you plan on feasting your physician will take exception with your meal choices. In a general sense, based on observations at various times during my midweek visit, this hotel tends to attract a somewhat older crowd.say vacationing retirees. I only saw 1 child during my 3 day visit and limited people in their 40s or less. My only real issue with the hotel was the fitness center. It literally consisted of 2 treadmills and a bike. Nothing else. If a hotel advertises offering such an amenity, I dont think such a limited offering qualifies. While there was a sign up suggesting an improved offering will be forthcoming when the new hotel wing is complete, that didnt help me on my visit and I only consider hotels that offer such because I plan on using them. I wasnt able to here.All in all, I was satisfied with my stay despite the fitness center misrepresentation. I would not hesitate to select the Drury on a future stay.
The room are old but have modern conveniences. The staff are outstanding. The front desk clerks are great. Very friendly and helpful. The maid service was OK but not great. Would definitely stay here again.
This is a classic looking hotel located very close to the French Quarter in the city centre. Offered is the excellent Drury value with the breakfast and 5 o'clock kickbacks. The rooms are well appointed and comfortable. The service was excellent. I really could not find fault with this hotel and would definitely use it again.
We took a detour from North Louisiana on our anniversary weekend-forgetting that it was also St. Patrick's Day! We ended up in New Orleans and enjoyed touring many familiar and favorite neighborhoods. We made our way slowing down Magazine Street close to where we onced lived and realized that a St. Patrick's Day parade was wrapping up! Desperate to find accommodations my husband walked into the Drury Inn on Poydras St. and booked the last room of the hotel.The lobby was lively with happy hour and we enjoyed a quick glass of wine before going to our room on the first floor! We were amazed at the quality and comfort considering the low price we were offered! ( Ask for those military and senior discounts.) The staff was courteous and friendly, the room quiet and comfortable! The inn is close to the quarter and cost a mere 6 for a friendly cab ride! We were dropped off right at the start of the parade on Bourbon St and enjoyed a after-parade drink in another hotel on Canal. We were fortunate to meet the Grand Marshall's family and enjoy their story of life in and around New Orleans! Parking is extra but well worth the price and peace of mind knowing your car is being cared for in an off-site location.
Great professional staff. Clean rooms. nice pool. The FREE breakfast and afternoon buffet were a very big bonus. As were the complimentary cocktails. Trolley is just outside the hotel. the valet parking was reasonable. I would definitely stay there again.
We were pleased to find that our room was so large. Beds were very comfortable and the hotel itself was close to everything. We were able to walk everywhere. The breakfast selection was very good. The drinks and snacks in the early evening were a very pleasant surprise. I would not hesitate to stay in another Drury Hotel.
We arrived just before Mardi Gras yet had no probelm booking this hotel. Though centrally located, It is a good walk from most areas. The trolley stops just a block away which is nice. Take a ride -- and see how close it comes to parked vehicles. Breakfast is always a treat, though Drury San Antonio had a wider variety of choices. And at 5:30pm it looked like guests actually dine on the wings, baked potatoes, hot dogs and the chili provided in lieu of heading out to dinner. Rouses, an attractive grocery, is nearby for quick fill-ins or paninis made to order or practically anything else food-related. The bed, in my opinion, was a bit soft as were the pillows. I wish they had queen-size beds too. The staff is very accommodating and willing to make suggestions for clubs, restaurants or attractions. The Drury is clean and modern and is currently building an addition which should provide more variety of rooms and maybe even a fancier breakfast. Oh, they even arranged for transportation from the airport.
This was our first trip to New Orleans, so we had no experience with hotels in the city. We found the Drury Inn and Suites through reading reviews on TripAdvisor. The reviews were very helpful, and we are so glad that we stayed at the Drury. Our room was very nice, the bed comfortable and the air conditioning worked well. All the staff that we spoke to were very friendly and helpful. Wifi and breakfast are included in the price of the room as well as the 5:30 KIckback with three drinks per person and snacks. Another of the reasons that we chose this hotel based on the reviews on TripAdvisor was that the hotel is close enough to walk to the French Quarter and Canal Street, but far enough from the noise of Bourbon Street that you could actually get a good night's sleep. We were able to walk to the French Quarter for sightseeing and to the restaurants. The street cars to get to the Garden District or City Park are also within walking distance.We would definitely recommend the Drury Inn Suites to friends or family without hesitation and it would be our first choice as a hotel when we go back to New Orleans.
I live within an hour of New Orleans, so I go often. I have stayed in many hotels. The Drury Inn became my go-to hotel. But it has been a while since I stayed overnight in NOLA. My last Drury review, the hotel was the greatest thing since man canned beer. But upgrades have knocked it down a notch. First the positives: it is about 4 blocks off of the French Quarter. So certainly close enough to walk in a couple minutes, but far enough away that it is quiet. You can actually sleep when you are ready. The breakfast is awesome with eggs, grits (real creamy grits), sausage, waffle makers, plus, plus. The 5pm kick back includes 3 free drinks and enough real food to count as dinner. While you have to eat at some NOLA restaurants to get the full NOLA experience, free breakfast and free dinner easily can save you 100 a day as a couple, making the trip more affordable. The rooms are updated, clean and comfortable.My only negative is the updates. They used to have free self parking. Now there is ONLY 28 a day for valet parking. Don't rent a car if you are flying in. The city is very walkable. But when you drive in like me, it really ups the cost. Then the convenience of the valet parking is negated by the very poor management of the process. You can not call down from your room to have your car pulled up front like any other hotel. You have to come down in person. For most of my stay there was only 1 guy around. He was fetching other cars and it took forever to get ours. Same thing when you return to the hotel. No one around, and you may wait 20-30 minutes to drop off your car. Frustrating to say the least. I would have MUCH, MUCH rather self parked.Thanks for your recent stay with us, and the kind words about the hotel and its offerings. Also, thanks for feedback on the parking. As you noted, we do only have valet parking now and it is at a fee. I was not aware of free parking in the past, but did some digging and found that in 2010, when construction on the addition began and during your last stay, free parking was offered. Also, please know that we do allow for call down for car retrieval as long as it is not raining or a large check-out. I will get with the valet team, and repeat that these are the only periods when guests are asked to come down. We look forward to seeing you again,Patrick D. General Manager
Stayed here for two nights while visiting New Orleans for the first time. Walking distance to historical and party districts or catch a trolley car to the river for 1.25. Room was clean and nicely decorated - but you probably won't spend much time there. The hotel is a gorgeous, renovated old building. Wish I would have looked up the history of it while we were there. Located on a busy road but on the 4th floor we didn't hear the noise of the city. Stayed on south side - view is similar on all sides.Parking was 25/night.Traveled with adult child and we would stay there again!
This hotel is quiet but within walking distance to Bourbon Street and the French Quarter. If you want to ride the street cars there is a stop right on the St. Charles line right outside the door. Be sure to go to the 'kick-back' from 5:30 - 7:00 every evening. When you go up for your drink, try to get Edward as your bartender as he really knows how to pour a drink.
We stayed in this hotel for two nights on our way to Destin, Florida. I made a mistake in booking the room. We have four children and I meant to book a suite. I accidentally booked a double queen. Aliya at the front desk very graciously fixed the problem immediately. She was so friendly and accommodating. We were given a great suite right next to the pool - which our kids loved. The room was clean, but we had a problem with the toilet not flushing. Again, this was fixed immediately and in a friendly manner. We did not have another problem with it during our stay. The pool was extremely clean and we used it both days and evenings. The beds were comfortable and there was plenty of room in our suite. The breakfast offered a large variety and was a good value. They also offered a dinner with drinks. We ate out and ate a little from the dinner. My kids had the pasta and said it was good. The staff was extremely helpful with our eating out plans, sight seeing plans, and transportation plans. We've stayed at a lot of hotels and this staff ranks in the top five for helpfulness and friendliness.
The hotel was very nice, within walking distance of alot of the places we wanted to go. Just a couple blocks from the stadium, French Quarter, and the river. Very quiet and very clean! We always get the 2 room suites, with fridge and microwave, 2 tvs. Always ask for away from elevator if possible
Ok, let me start by saying I do not care for hotels so it's rare that I'm impressed by one. I recently visited the New Orleans for the first time the weekend after Mardi Gras. We decided to walk around before checking in and it became late in the day. I received a call from the hotel manager who called to let me know they would still hold our room for us. I thought that was very nice. We arrived at the hotel and I was skeptical when I saw the outside of the building. My boyfriend reassured me that inside was probably much nicer and most buildings in New Orleans look like that on the outside. I was amazed from the moment we stepped foot in the lobby!!! The staff were courteous and the room was more than clean. I always inspect the bed and the shower upon entering my room and I couldn't find ONE thing to complain about, which is very rare lol. We also went down to the 5:30 Kickback where the hotel provided free food and and drinks. Overall, our stay was well worth every penny spent!! I have to say this will be my hotel of choice from now on whenever I visit.
Clean rooms, excellent location. We walked to the French Quarter, the Aquarium, and the St. Charles St. street car is a block away. Enjoyed the free breakfast and happy hour! When walking home from the French Quarter at night, I'd suggest walking back up Royal Street rather than Bourbon, as when you cross Canal Street, its better lit and less desolate. We never had a problem either way, however.
My family and I stayed for Mardi Gras. We stayed in the King suite. We had plenty of room. The room was very clean. This was my second visit and won't be my last. The beds are super comfy! The pillows are plump and comfy! So nice to relax in after walking bourbon and canal. Love the roof top pool and hot tub. It's intimate and has a great view.
Very clean and comfortable room. Staff was friendly and courteous. Everything went according to plan from reservations to payment. Nice stay for the price and happy to hear it is dog friendly for my next trip. Enjoyable experience and I will return.
As usual number one place to stay. Love the friendly staff for the most part did have one cranky one in the drink part. Breakfast and dinner was good. Recommend Room 221. Where around the corner under the Corredor there is the elevator that takes it down to the lunch room And to the rooftop pool. Prices are comparable to the local area. Fridge and coffee in the room. About five blocks from Canel Street and into the French quarters. Walking distance which we did. But there is also a street car service available right outside of the corner lot
Very good value for the money. Breakfast is good, kickback food is nice, heated pool and hot tub and location is close enough that you can walk to french quarter or convention center. Staff is very friendly and accommodating. Perhaps one of the best pet friendly hotel I have stayed in
Highly recommend this hotel. Well located, large foyer, clean rooms and pleasant swimming pool. The breakfast was very good and the kick back was much better than we had expected. A reasonable choice of snacks and 3 drinks per person. Management were very visible at meal times and they ran like clockwork, all staff attentive and professional so no messy tables. Slade in particular was friendly and welcoming to all the guests. We will look to book with this brand when we next travel to the USA and hope they are all of this standard.
Great hotel, wonderful hospitality, staff funny and very helpful. Rooms nice and clean. Beds comfortable. We were in a suite, the living room was comfy, ample workspace for two people. We were there the week before Mardi Gras on a business trip. Check in evening, our toilet overflows, we use all the towels in the bathroom to mop after we disable the float. Call to front desk. Immediate response. Front desk guy has a plunger and a plastic bag, comes in an plunges the toilet. Clears the paper. Says he's not supposed to plunge toilets. Leaves us with wet towels (and used toilet water) behind the toilet. Fortunately, the room is not level, so all the water stays mostly behind the toilet. Housekeeping gone, so fortunately, we still had two clean towels for a.m. and the detritus is not near our feet. Next day, some towels replaced, and housekeeper leaves cleaning products in bathroom and skimpy on towels. Second day, housekeeper leaves cleaning products in bathroom. Third day I notice that a little piece of plastic wrapping that I had binding some brochures in my suitcase was still laying on the floor in the bedroom. Shower has not great water pressure but is nice and roomy too. Hair dryer was awful. One day we were still in the room when housekeeping came, and when we came back in the early evening our room was not done. A call to front desk and our room was cleaned (with the leftover spray bottle in the bathroom) by time we got back from dinner.So, it's clean but some staff are a little forgetful. I was not bothered by the issues, it's a quirky little hotel. With a quirky staff...very laid back and quite fun!What did bother me, though, was one day I went down for breakfast. A youth bus group had been there the night before and they devestated the free breakfast bar. By 7:30 a.m. (the breakfast is open until 9 or so), most of the hot food was gone, and the server said they were done for the day. Huh Otherwise, the breakfast bar was nice, all the usual stuff. The evening reception was really nice. The hotel is close to convention center, French Quarter, and all the fun places.Overall, I'd stay there again, I'm hoping that the housekeeping issues were quirks and next time I'm bringing my own hair dryer. It did have free internet in the rooms, a huge plus.
We like to stay at this hotel when we come home for Mardi Gras because it is so close to the parade route. They have so many extra perks and the rate is better than most super hotels in the area. We can't wait to go again next year.
We stayed here to celebrate a milestone birthday for my cousin. It was perfect! Great location (easy to walk or take the streetcar to anywhere). We enjoyed the free breakfast and free happy hour! Spent every night outside in the lovely weather hanging out. Staff was really nice and receptive. Would stay here again.
Great value for money, fantastic suite with large flat screen tv in each room. Spotlessly clean, friendly helpful staff and the bonus of free drinks and snacks after 5.30 pm. My only negative comment is paying 17 plus tax per night for parking but you are made aware of this before you book. The hotel is in easy walking distance of the French Quarter and also the Casino.
I commend the staff at Drury for achieving some of the highest quality customer service I've experienced. So often employees get jaded, bring their personal lives into work, and/or generally take out their personal problems with others at the workplace. The week we were there we enjoyed smiles and pleasantries every morning from the ladies at breakfast, Rosa (room attendant), and those working the desk. Not to leave out Jonathan, Jeremy, and Brandon, our Valet's. These guys were very pleasant and gave off a great spirit while taking care of our vehicle making sure it was always ready to roll, often on short notice. I witnessed them actually running to provide positive service for us and other guests. All in all everyone we came in contact with were great representatives for this company. I will continue to seek out Drury for our travels. I'm Wardog and I approve this message.
I stayed at the Drury Inn for four nights in early January. This was the weekend of the national football championship final between Iowa and LSU, and the hotel seemed to be full of people that had come to New Orleans for the game.My room was spacious, clean, and nice and I had free wireless access to the internet. The service was good. I wasn't too happy with the breakfast, although there was a selection of different foods, coffee, pops, etc. available. Considering the price range, I was quite happy with the hotel and wouldn't mind staying there again.
We stayed here 3 days before a cruise. Front desk help - excellent. walking distance to most places and if not, the streetcar stops just outside the door. hot breakfast each morning and kickback food served in the evening. really saved us . Very clean and friendly place to stay. When we come back, will stay again.
We found the General Manager, Patrick to give great assistance during our 8 day stay. The location is great for the city and convention area. The rooms have been renovated in the older area and renovation was taking place while we were there not causing any disturbance. We would highly recommend this location for business or leisure travel. Located less than 1 block to the on-off bus and 3 blocks from Mother's restaurant. Hopefully we will return next year.
This place was a good walking distance from the French quarter and the riverside and it had happy hour where you get free food and 3 free drinks which is great. The room was nice and we were able to do our laundry here which is great on a road trip.
Stayed at the hotel during a conference. The Drury was not one of the conference hotels, but it was 100 per night cheaper. I got a suite for 90.00. The hotel was 1/2 block from the conference shuttle stop. Very clean, spacious and nice hotel. The breakfast is convenient (if you want Denny's go there. This isn't Denny's) and a great extra. Staff was pleasant. A short walk to the FQ. Absoultely would stay here again.
Not too bad for price. Liked the free drinks, popcorn, and breakfast. It fit our needs and was pretty convenient to a lot of points of interest. The front desk was very nice, let us check in early and was able to recommend a couple of restaurants for big families. Needed room key to access elevator, so we felt more secure. Rooms and bed were comfortable, no complaints.
Nice looking hotel, nice rooms and amenities, Not as good as other drury hotels i have stayed at, the food wasnt great, and drinks were very watered down. and one night i was loudly awakened at 1.30am from the fire alarm, had to rush down the steps 7 floors, stand outside for 15 mins for someone to tell us the front desk staff hit the wrong button, not acceptable.Thank you for your recent stay, and please accept my apologies for the fire alarm. As you know, the timing was awful, but the issue has been repaired. I hope you will give us another chance next time your travels bring you back to New Orleans!Sincerely,Patrick D.GM, DIS-NWO
My husband and I spent another weekend in NOLA recently for a college football bowl game. We chose the Drury for their consistency and great location. This time we were able to take advantage of their evening wind down happy hour. While the drinks were not of great quality, it's still a nice amenity. The hot dogs and nachos were a nice snack before our big game. The breakfast was most enjoyable. As always the room was very clean and comfortable. The staff was friendly and accommodating. The location is perfect for Superdome events and not a bad walk from Canal and Bourbon street activities as well.
Drury New Orleans was great and I even changed my reservation 3 different times. The last time they booked us for a suite the first night (because of lack of availability) and booked us the regular room the other nights. However, when we arrived, they let us have the suite for all 3 nights and did not charge additional (I might add that it was during the week). This way we didn't have to change rooms. Valet parking, although expensive, was great w/not too long of a wait. Free breakfast (multiple waffle makers, sausage, eggs, pastries, gravy, fruit etc.--not super high quality but better than a lot of hotels), snack type dinner (hotdogs, chicken strips, meatballs, etc..--again, not super high quality but plenty of food excellent offerings especially if you are on a budget), and free popcorn pops from 3-10pm. You could actually eat breakfast at the hotel, dinner at the hotel and then only pay for lunch if you wanted to. My absolutely only complaint about this hotel was that they offered 3 alcoholic drinks for each adult in the evening 5-7 during dinner (only 3 different drinks offered). We are not big drinkers but like to have one from time to time. We ordered one 2 different nights but were unable to drink them because they were so incredibly strong--we even asked to go light on the alcohol to no avail. We were also disappointed they didn't have a full bar where you could pay for a frozen drink if you wanted. Other than that small detail this hotel was really clean, nice clean pool w/plenty of clean towels, friendly staff, quiet and close enough to walk to shops and such. It seemed to be located between the Garden District the French Quarter. We definitely would return.
We were very pleasantly surprised when we stayed here for 2 nights prior to sailing on the Carnival Fantasy. We booked 2 rooms at around 65/night each, which included a nightly happy hour and an above-average breakfast buffet (with decent scrambled eggs, waffle machine, etc).This is an older property which has been renovated very nicely. The rooms are small but functional. Everything was quite clean and staff was courteous and efficient (except for recommending dinner at Mulate's - see separate review).We were less than a 10-minute walk from the Vieux Carre, which we walked to and from several times, never feeling unsafe or nervous for a single moment.To be so close to downtown, yet in a safe location, and get decent accommodations for a modest price in a very expensive city, the Drury is an outstanding value. We would definitely stay there again.
We stayed here in March, 2014. They are having construction going on but it did not cause us any problem. We had a rental car and used the valet service. It was efficient and courteous. Check-in was easy.Security is good. You have to use your room key to use the elevator. The room was clean and had a mini-refrigerator and flat screen television that also had digital channel selections. The bed was very comfortable. The curtains kept the light out when closed.They have an evening buffet, which was very good. You also get up to three individual selections of beer or mixed drinks. Breakfast was very good also and has wide selection. They also have popcorn and soft drink area that is open until around 10 pm daily.The hotel is about three blocks from the French Quarter which is easy to walk and convenient. Getting in and out from the hotel by car is easy, much easier than from within the French Quarter.We had no problems here. The staff was friendly and helpful. I would recommend this hotel.
We stayed for 5 nights and were impressed by this hotel.We stayed in a room with a nice view of the French Quarter. The employees were very warm, and one of them, Christine, went out of her way to make us comfortable. We had a little unpleasant experience on the first night, but were impressed by how efficiently it was dealt with. Overall, it was a very pleasant experience.
The room was great staff pleasant only 1 mile from French Quarter location great definetly would stay here again .The hotel had a good breakfast buffet and light snacks and refreshments in the mid afternoon and a light supper buffet 3 free alchol beverages a night and a 15 min long distance call a day home.
Three of us recently stayed here during the Women's Final Four. The hotel decor was lovely and the staff was more than accommodating. We had a two room suite. The rooms were quite large and the ceilings were very high so it was extremely quiet. We also appreciated that the sink vanity area were outside the bathroom since there were three of us.The free breakfast was mediocre in my opinion and the 5:30 kickback was great for families, but with so many fantastic New Orleans restaurants I wasn't about to fill up on chips, hot dogs, mac and cheese, etc. The location is within walking distance of the New Orleans Arena and the French Quarter, but because of a knee injury that wasn't possible for me. The hotel is very secure. A hotel key is needed to access the elevator. There is a great grocery store within a couple of blocks for anything you may need.
We had a great stay at the Drury. The breakfast and evening apps were excellent and a great money saving bonus. The location was great with the Hop on Hop off bus just across the road. Within walking distance to French Quarter and Bourbon Street. Staff were friendly and very helpful. Would definitely stay there again
Spent a week here last year. From the moment we walked in to reception the staff couldn't be more helpful. Saw the manager everyday walking around talking to everyone. Usual American breakfast plenty of it, but not to my taste, but saying that I found it same at all the hotels we stayed in for the month we were touring around the southern states. Plenty of fresh fruit, toast, oatmeal which was fine for me. Good coffee and tea was ok when you used two tea bags!! Room was large and extremely comfortable, nice bathroom and very clean. Plenty of towels and toiletries and good quality. Loved the pool on the roof and the Managers Reception every evening was an added bonus and very much appreciated. Would stay there again if we ever come back to new Orleans.
We called earily and set things up,they said we could come anytime to check in.that was at 8:00 am, most say 3:00 pm.stayed in room 903 with a good view for less then we were paying for average. Found shower was great, bed good and the two tv's and two rooms made life very easy for us. It's a easy walk to the French quarters, a few blocks. They park your car for you and it cost 25.00
From the start amazing, i cannot fault this place at all, hats off to everybody at the Drury Inn.We will be back to America and we will be staying here again, free snacks, drinks, popcorn.If you have a family this is a must and guarantee you will not be let down by the amazing staff and the complex itself.10/10
We stayed two nights. The hotel is deceptive from the outside - it looks very plain and ordinary but it is just the opposite on the inside. The lobby is very attractive and welcoming. The room was clean, comfortable and large with vaulted ceilings and very tastefully decorated. We enjoyed the happy hour with three free alcoholic drinks each and hot and cold snacks. Breakfast was also included - fairly typical choices of cereal, scrambled eggs etc.. The staff were very friendly. It's in a great location - the cable car stops out front and it's an easy 5 minute walk to Bourbon St. We will definitely stay here again.
Having stayed in four other hotels in the French Quarter over the years during Jazzfest this is the only hotel I'd go back too. This hotel is in the Central Business District about a ten minute safe walk from the Quarter. Courteous helpful staff, clean and very nice room and hotel. Avoid the craziness and noise of some of the hotels in quarter and stay here. Also closer to the Garden District.
Very pleasant stay here. The Hotel is beautiful. The view on the rooftop pool Is beautiful. They have a free breakfast in the mornings, free appetizer type dinner in the evenings, free cocktails for you and your guest. The rooms are small but very nice....More
My family enjoyed our stay here. This hotel is located a few blocks away from the French Quarter and a block away from St. Charles Streetcar. It is very accessible you can walk to and from French Quarter from day to night without any problem. You can also go to the Garden District by taking the Streetcar without any hassle. They also offer free breakfast, free dinner (and some cocktails) and free snacks which are a major plus. This helps a lot especially when you're on a budget.If you're driving to NOLA, this hotel offers valet parking for 25 + tax. The other hotels' parking costs around 35-40 so this one offers a pretty good value. It's actually difficult to find a parking space in French Quarter, so I advise for you guys to just walk. But, we did drive one time when we booked a swamp tour.We liked NOLA a lot and we're definitely coming back! Next time, we won't have to scout for hotels because we would rather stay at Drury Inn again!
This hotel was a pleasant surprise. Great price which includes breakfast and a happy hour with enough food for dinner. If you are trying to save money, and you have your kids or aging parents, this the place. Do ask for rooms in the new wing. Our first non smoking room in the old section, while lovely, smell of smoke. I asked for a new room, and they upgraded us into a suite in the new section. Super responsive to our request. The hotel is large and might seem impersonal, but it works for us... A base camp for exploring NOLA.
Spacious suite room, good breakfast and included happy hour. Friendly and helpful staff. Good location between French quarter and WWII museum. Travelled with family- location right by st Charles trolley
I have stayed at his hotel many times since 2005 it just gets better better. Check in is super easy, valet parking is great, and now the new evening meal is a wonderful addition to their already great breakfast. We stayed in room 830, in the new addition on 7-23 with my niece her 4 young children. This was a king suite with a roll away bed, we had a great nights sleep. This room has a view of the pool. We all enjoyed the pool and we enjoyed the evening meal the breakfast before going to the Aquarium the next day.
We were in town for the Sugar Bowl. The hotel is a good location for those who are ok to walk about 10 min down to the Dome. Also close to a couple good restaurants. We felt very safe when we walked from the hotel. Also love the breakfast!!
We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this hotel for four days during September 2012. A home away from home! Service and customer focused staff in all areas of the hotel looked after customers with genuine care. Every evening from 5.30pm they have the Manager's reception, which entails a free drink of your choice and extensive snacks. both hot and cold food. The breakfast is very adequate (cereals. eggs. waffles, juices, toast etc) .. and there are number of dishes. Perhaps some cut up fruit would have been good but there was bananas and apples available. There is coffee, juice, soda. Iced water available any time of the day in the reception area.The pool on the rooftop is excellent with strangely enough few guests using it....which suited us very well. always sparkling clean and fresh towels available. The small gym got a little hot and stuffy after 8am as the sun streamed in through a number of windows. We walked an easy walk to the riverfront where you can catch the street car. There usually is a street car operating outside the hotel but maintenance work was in progress when we stayed and only buses were available. The hotel has just commenced the building of a new wing and originally was due for completion in June 2013 but now completion is expected December 2013. We stayed in room 821 and had a small balcony overlooking the early stages of the construction sight. Didn't experience any inconvenience or noise. In fact had a lovely view at night as there was nothing obstructing our view, but this will change as the new hotel wing progresses. You will be fine for several months until this occurs. There is a small fridge and microwave in the cupboard which is adequate but go down to Frenchmen's Street for some great cafes and restaurants. Go to Coups Place for great Cajun food and cheap too! There is no doorman opening and closing doors. but who cares with all the other advantages one has in staying in this delightful hotel. So nice to know that management staff care about you and your stay at their hotel! Would recommend this hotel without any concern. When you book in 2013 to stay just first ask about the construction progress so you can enjoy your stay free of any inconvenience.
My husband is a HUGE NO Saints fan - this hotel was great for our stay. There were so many free extras: internet, microwave, fridge, breakfast - but the happy hour was the nicest. This hotel is in an excellent location, not far from the French Quarter, the pier, and the Superdome! The staff was more than friendly! We will stay here again!
We stayed here three nights while visiting New Orleans. The hot breakfast, free drinks 'finger food', and free wifi were very good. The room was well appointed and well maintained. The thermostat was easy to operate and kept the room at the proper temperature. The bed was super comfortable.The hotel was in a walking distance to the French Quarter and the WWII museum.I would definitely stay here again when in NO.
This was a business trip for 3 nights chosen for it's very close proximity to where I had to attend a business class. Valet parking was very quick efficient, both coming going. The desk clerks were very friendly, efficient and accommodating. The room was sparkling clean and nicely appointed (I was in the older part but couldn't have asked for a better room). My room faced Poydras, so may have been a little better view than other parts of the hotel. I was pleasantly surprised that the bathroom/vanity area had very nice bright lighting and the water pressure and hot water were excellent. Nice extras - 3 complimentary alcoholic drinks and a nice assortment of foods during the 5:30-7pm evening cocktail/food period.. meatballs, ziti pasta, hot dogs, chips, cheese dip, salad bar, chicken fingers, baked potatoes, etc. in a nice large open area to dine, so even though there were many people taking advantage of this, it wasn't uncomfortably crowded and the food bars were well-attended. Though I did not get the opportunity to see much of the city, it was definitely within walking distance of the riverwalk area and the French Quarter. I definitely will stay here again.
We were only staying in NOLA for one night before our cruise and stayed at this hotel. It was very nice and secure. Your room key was also a means to get into the hotel after a certain point at night and to also use the elevator. (We've never experienced security quite like that before ).. the hotel is in a very nice part of NOLA, however...it's about 4 blocks from the French Quarter so it is quiet. I would definitely consider staying here again and I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a quiet hotel that's not too far from all of the action.
I'll keep this short since there are plenty of other reviews but this was probably my most pleasant hotel stay ever up til now! Free breakfast, free light dinner with drinks, very clean room, friendly staff, great location, on-site self-parking in gated parking lot (not a fan of valet parking myself). No complaints!
Everything was pretty good. The hotel is a little older but its kept up pretty well. The rooms were clean and spacious enough. The staff was very friendly and helpful. And the free breakfast and evening drinks and snacks were a nice surprise. Good centralized location too, not too far from the French Quarter.
This hotel is on Poydras Street, which is about a 7 min walk from the French Quarter. It is a safe area, and the advantage of its location vs staying within the Quarter is that it is quiet at night and closer to the Superdome and basketball arena, Riverwalk area, and the excellent National WWII Museum. It is also very close to a really good diner called Mothers if you don't want to walk to the Quarter for a meal.The hotel offers large, clean rooms, complementary breakfast, free drinks and coffee, free dinner (they call it a snack, but with hot dogs, fried chicken, meatballs, vegetables and cocktails, I call it a buffet dinner), and friendly, helpful service.Only drawbacks are the somewhat insipid breakfast, and the old building and rooms (which admittedly is part of the charm).All in all, a great choice.
We stayed her for a night while visiting New Orleans and was very pleased with our choice of hotel.The hotel was very well located to walk around the city and a good location for driving into.The hotel room itself was an average size and big enough for our needs. The room was clean and the bed comfortable. The room had a fridge and coffee making facilities but did not have a safe. The bathroom was a bit on the small side with a toilet and bath with shower over and a sink outside the bathroom. The bathroom again was very clean. The room was very quiet we never heard a noise all night.There was valet parking available for 30 per night.The complimentary breakfast was good, there was plenty of choice and it was well organised with a clean breakfast area and helpful staff.The night reception was excellent. There was unlimited soft drinks available, 3 alcoholic drinks per person and food. The food was best we have ever seen at an evening reception this included hot dogs, nachos, baked potatoes, salad, chilli.There was also popcorn available late afternoon into the night time available in the lobby area along with coffee and soft drinks. I think soft drinks were also available for a few hours inthe morning. The staff at the hotel reception were very friendly and helpful.I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New Orleans and if we ever return I would stay here. I will also look out for Drury Inns now when our travels.
We spent almost a week here and really appreciated the convenience and value. With your stay, you get a free breakfast, an early evening snack which is pretty much a meal, three free drinks per person per night, a rooftop swimming pool and jacuzzi and close proximity to much in New Orleans. Staff is friendly and helpful. Nightly rates will vary according to season, holidays and days of the week, but we were greatly satisfied with what we paid. Look for deals online. Our room wa well-appointed, classy and comfortable. This hotel will only get better after all renovations are complete. That they accept pets makes it all the better.
Hotel a few blocks away from the French Quarter. It is also convenient to transit. The room we received was a good size and comfortable. The hotel offers a good continental breakfast in the morning, popcorn and fountain drinks in the afternoon, and kickbacks starting at 5.30pm. There was some good munchies especially for teenagers. There offer free wi fi, which was added bonus. We would stay here again,
I was looking for a place that wasn't too expensive as we would only be sleeping there...this was it. Nice accomodations, good price and a surprisingly good complimentary continental breakfast. This saved us time and money because going out for our big day at the NO JazzFest. I would definitely stay here again.
Beautiful Hotel situated in a great location. Only 10 minute walk to Bourbon Street or tram right outside the door.Staff were all very courteous and helpful. Room was absolutely beautiful. King Size Bed in a huge room, big bathroom. Rooms were immaculate and very, very comfortable.Drury Inn serve free drinks and nibblies late afternoon. We enjoyed this at the end of our day.Our highlight of New Orleans was doing the Katrina Bus Tour. It was 3 hours very well spent and would recommend this to anyone visiting as staying in Downtown you wouldn't realise that anything had happened.
Visited NOLA with a group of girl scouts and their parents. This hotel was a great base for our large group of 20+. The free breakfast, popcorn and drinks, and kick back made our trip even more economical. Free shuttle to the Mardi Gras museum from the hotel. Great outdoor pool the girls loved to splash around in after a long day of sight seeing. The elevators require roomkeys to access, which is an added security feature we appreciated. Excellent location from which to explore the French Quarter, catch a tram, and head out and about. Also, walking distance from the Amtrak station.
I had a king bedroom suite in the back corner of the 5th floor. The room was perfect. The bathroom had a lot of space and the bed was very comfortable. The breakfast was delicious and the dinner in the afternoon was also very yummy. The staff was very friendly and polite despite it being hectic due to Mardi Gras going on. I didn't use the parking but the hotel having it's own garage is a plus. I recommend this hotel to anyone looking to not stay in the heart of the French Quarter.
Great hotel, very clean, good rates excellent value for the money. They offer free breakfast light evening meal. Rooms were huge with enormous ceilings! I had a room with 2 queens more than enough room. Location was good. I unfortunately had a walking boot on and that made getting around city difficult. Otherwise I wouldn't have had any issues with location. But having limited mobility the location was not the best. My only other issue with the hotel was even with being on 7th floor you still heard a lot of street traffic even at night since its on a major street. Would recommend the hotel just on its value alone.
I stayed at the Drury Inn checking in on July 4th and stayed 4 nights. This hotel is clean and well maintained. The people that work here ALL seem to be friendly and helpful. Check in was painless. I was able to check in early before noon. The breakfast is nice. They have more than the average hotel breakfast. Eggs, sausage, biscuits, Oatmeal, potatos, waffle makers along with the normal fruit, cold cereral, yogurt type items. The afternoon kick back food is nice. Hot dogs,, check tenders, etc. This hotel is perfect for a large family with lots of kids. You can save money with the free meals and drinks. The free drinks are nice, not a big selection alcohol wise. A few types of wine and beer, vodka, bloody marys, tonic water, orange juice is about the extent of the alcohol. Its free, so just go with the flow!! Popcorn and pop in the afternoon also. Our room was on the 8th floor facing Carondelet street and had a nice view. Not much street noise. Room had double beds and was nice. High ceilings and large windows. Comfy beds. No exhaust in the bathroom. Housekeeping met expectations. The hotel is on Poydras which is in the business district so you will have to walk to get to the action of Canal street and the French Quarter. French quarter was about 5 or 6 blocks straight up Carondelet. We walked it LATE at night/EARLY morning and had no problem. Didn't feel unsafe. Trolley car line is at the corner. Stadium is about 5 or 6 blocks up the street. They have 2 computers in the lobby with printers. I had no problems with them. Also an ATM. 3 ATM charge. Nice sitting area to relax in the lobby and downstairs. The location isn't THAT bad. If you want to see a lot, then there will be a lot of walking or trolley riding. Cabs are plentiful and the front desk will call you a cab which I recommend. Unless you are VERY picky, high class type and expect EVERY little thing to be perfect, just about anyone should like this hotel and be satisfied. Its not 5 star Sheraton fancy, but not a Motel 6.
The night staff was super nice when Ichecked in late on the evening. Ouickly the staff addressed my needs. The room was very clean. The breakfast was hot, well stocked and presented in a timely manner.
This hotel is 1 of 2 hotels in the town of Winnfield,LA. I have been very familiar with this little town since I do have family that lives here. This hotel use to be known has the Best Western of Winnfield but has been bought out and completely redone. My memories of this hotel made me very weary to make... More
We were originally booked to stay at the adjoining Courtyard Hotel which is managed by the same company but when I realized we could have a bit larger space with a kitchen in the French Quarter Suites side, I called to see if we could switch. It was very last minute but the man I spoke to at the front... More
First look at the hotel it seems nice, but don't let the 4 bubble review fool you. When we check in they had up-charged the rate from 129 to 152 a night. They overcharged one party 3 times and then charged our card for one night instead of two. They also didn't add the military discount that was suppose to... More
Looks can be deceiving! Toledo Town Inn is a good stay for fishermen on Toledo Bend. Large rooms with microwave mini- fridge. Boat parking outdoor electrical hookups.
Since I got a really good deal on Priceline, I was not going to right this review, but I just cant help myself as others need to know. We booked at last minute, due to weather conditions, and arrived at 9:15 at night, It had been storming, so my 13 year old daughter and I opted to just order from... More
We loved our stay at this hotel. Staff was professional, friendly, courteous. The hotel is only one year old. Beautiful accommodations. Room clean, fitness center perfect, breakfast delicious. It is only 3 miles from Delta Downs Race Track/Casino. Looking forward to return trip.
Amazing value! So close to everything in the french quarter, very short walk to Bourbon. We didn't have to ride anywhere, we only walked all week! Great to have a pool. Rooms were clean and housekeeping keeps towels and items stocked. Loved that there was keypad entry. Thanks again for an awesome stay!!!
This is an old historic hotel, with the expected creaky floors, but it was also just a little musty and had dirty carpet. If the French Quarter is your scene, but you don't want to be right on the loud vomit-filled Bourbon street then this is a very good choice. The location is on the edge of the Quarter, within easy walking distance of the party, Jackson Square, the French Market, and many great restaurants. Some of the rooms here are very small, while others are quite large. We wanted a balcony, but accidentally booked a sun deck room, which is nothing like a private balcony. The sun deck is a large communal patio with several rooms opening out to it, and it has tall concrete walls with no view, and burning hot sun. This room was very small, with no windows, and so we asked for another room. Even though it was our fault that we booked the wrong type of room the staff was incredibly friendly and accomodating, and they moved us to a room with a balcony - luckily one was available because we were staying during the week and not the weekend. All of the balcony rooms look out over the garden patio, and not the street, but the room was very large and bright. The garden area is small but pleasant, and we did enjoy sitting out there for our morning coffee. The free breakfast here is very minimal - breads, coffee, and cereal, so it is good for a quick bite, but certainly not something to look forward to. One of the best things about this place is the staff. Incredibly friendly and helpful. Everyone is willing to answer questions, and they do it with a smile and without ever acting like they expect a tip. Of course we did tip, and they were always very genuine in their appreciation. We got great recommendations for restaurants within walking distance - one was Irene's, a popular creole restaurant with great food and a fun atmosphere, but a very long wait and the other restaurant we enjoyed was Sylvain which is a small funky place with great food. Also within easy waking distance we enjoyed Mr. B's Bistro for lunch, and a glass of wine at the Carousel Bar in the Hotel Monteleone. These are all nice places for sober or semi-sober grown ups, free of loud drunks wearing beads.While the French Quarter was interesting, one day was more than enough for me. It is not the fault of the Bienville House, but the whole Quarter smells of rotting garbage and other unpleasantries. While I enjoy a drink or two, Burbon Street had absolutely no appeal to me, full of 20-somethings walking down the street yelling, carrying their giant beers/drinks, covered in beads, and this starts at 10am. If that is for you, enjoy, but I didn't need more than 10 minutes of that, so if I were ever to return to NOLA I would most definitely stay in the beautiful Garden District - there are many beautiful historic hotels here, and if you stay on or near St. Charles Street you are near the cable street car and can easily get to the Quarter whenever you want. The Garden District also has many excellent restaurants, and is close to Magazine Street, which is where the real shopping is, assuming you want something other than t-shirts with obscene sayings on them.The Bienville House is a nice place, which could use some upgrades, and it is perfect if you want to spend your time in the French Quarter, but somewhat away from the worst of it. We loved the friendly and helpful staff here, and did enjoy many good things within walking distance. However, if non-stop drinking isn't your scene I would recommend looking into the Garden District - much more peaceful and beautiful, and an easy cable car ride to the Quarter when you want it.
We were in New Orleans for Christmas week. Loved every minute! Stayed at the Bienville House, a small boutique hotel on the edge of the Quarter. Gawked at the tourists on Bourbon, listened to live jazz on Frenchmen's, rode the streetcars to the end of each line, and ate ourselves silly. Our stay with Bienville was wonderful. As with any property, the staff make all the difference. Kudos to Cynthia (front desk), Thomas (concierge), and all the staff who worked Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. The breakfast is enough to start your day. It is not a buffet. Hot/cold beverages, pastries, cereals, yogurt, bagels muffins are available in a small sitting area off the lobby. Tables are also available in the courtyard. I believe their new bar/restaurant Latitude 29 opens for lunch with reduced prices for happy hour. For whatever reason, the bartenders were less welcoming than the hotel staff, giving us the impression this was just another job for them. There are at least 4 restaurants on Decatur within 2 blocks, including House of Blues. We ate the Star and Evangeline's, both recommended by staff. Huck Finn's is also nearby for breakfast/lunch.These are local places, not at all touristy. Nice restaurants are within 3 blocks as well. As for the rooms, we had a 4th-floor double with semi-private patio riverside. Beautiful hibiscus and palms break the expanse in 3 areas. A 6-foot wall blocks the view of parking lots. The room itself is large and classic New Orleans with floral fabrics, a chandelier, and overstuffed chairs - Bienville is not a modern sterile hotel. The floors creak - perhaps lending atmosphere for its tales of hauntings. All in all, I recommend Bienville House and we hope to return soon.Thank you so much for all of your great feedback! We hope to see you again soon for another great trip to New Orleans.
4 floors, squeaky floors, 1 slow elevator, free VERY continental breakfast with overly helpful couple who talk way too much. Stairs are not marked. Very small lobby. They park you car off site 2 blocks away and the valet told me upon checking my car for first time to pick it up and Montelone! I said I wont be walking 2 blocks to get my car while paying 34 a night to park it. Great French Quarter location on a 1 way street. MIxed feelings. Pool is a small joke but nice to sit in courtyard. NOT cheap!Thank you so much for your review! We passed along all of your comments to our management team for review, and truly appreciate all the feedback that you have provided us. It is our wish to offer our guests comfortable accommodations with particular emphasis on personal attention. We value your patronage and hope that on your next visit to New Orleans you will allow us the opportunity to demonstrate the level of service you deserve.
our family of four stayed the Easter weekend at this hotel and were surprised at the lack of quality for the price.The sheets had stains on them, bathroom was dirty old and there was trash along the bottom of the beds and behind the bedside table.Carpet was filty.Worst of all, THE NOISE LEVEL WAS UNBEARABLE !!! Brochure online pictures show rooms with balconies, no balcony!Parking is extra and if you are not happy with your stay and want to leave early, they charge you an early checkout fee ! They brag on the renovation they just had. Our family can only wonder what condition was this place in before undergoing such a huge renovation they speak of.I think they spent it on wall paper and carpet.We have lived in New Orleans have also visited many times since moving away. The online pics of this place drew us in and the brochure was nice, but don't let it fool you.NEVER again will we stay there!!!!
Wonderful. I had a balcony room overlooking the pool. I could still see the river and hears the trains go by (which I love). The staff is friendly and helpful. The continental breakfast could be improved a bit. The bed was a little soft. But overall, a great place to stay. Perfect. I'll be back.We are so glad you had such a dreamy and wonderful stay with us at Bienville House! We hope to see you again soon for another great stay.
Hotel stay was excellent. The hotel staff from the valet to the front desk to the extremely clean rooms was worth the visit. My wife and I look forward to coming back and this is in this hotel soon. Thanks to all who made our stay enjoyable for my wife's birthday.We are so pleased to hear we were able to make your wife's birthday celebration that much more special. Thank you so much for choosing us to be a part of such a celebration and for sharing your thoughts with us on TripAdvisor. Please do come visit us again soon.
We were in NOLA for a wedding and the Bienville was one of our choices. The hotel is beautiful and we enjoyed our balcony overlooking the courtyard and pool. It was in walking distance to the French Quarter and close to restaurants, shops and sightseeing. I would definitely stay here again!!!!It sounds like you had a great stay with us during the wedding! We hope you back again soon for another great trip to New Orleans.
You can't beat the location of this hotel. It is on a quiet street, but within walking distance to all kinds of dining, drinking and shopping. The adorable courtyard with a pool is reason enough to stay. I could have spent all afternoon enjoying it. They had a continental breakfast which we did not take advantage of, but it looked like a pretty average continental breakfast spread. In the afternoon they put out cookies and lemonade in the eating area, I thought that was a really nice touch. We had one of the interior rooms, which I enjoyed, especially after a long night out in the Quarter, it allowed me to sleep much later than I would have if the sun had been shining in. I thought it was a very nicely appointed room, and very clean. I didn't have much interaction with the staff, but everyone seemed friendly enough. I would definitely recommend Bienville House to anyone looking for a hotel in the French Quarter.Thank you so much for all of your positive feedback! We are so glad you had such a great stay and we hope to see you again soon for another awesome trip to New Orleans.
this hotel is lovely! tucked away on decatur it is centrally located to anything you wanna do in the quarter. the staff was superfriendly housekeeping included. the rooms are styled old fashioned and the bathrooms were really big in comparison with room size. the sundecks were so pretty that we will definitely stay in a sundeck room next time. my husband and i love finding little gems like this in the city. definitely a romantic place too.We are so glad you had such a great stay!! Please come back and see us again soon for another great trip to New Orleans.
I stayed at the Bienville House one night in June. I had booked the room through a popular 3rd party reservation company. Long story short the reservation was wrong and the 3rd party agency was not willing to help. Luckily Tara was working the front desk and was so helpful to solve our problem (booked in a room without enough beds). Tara quickly took care of our issue and was extremely helpful and friendly about the whole situation. The hotel itself has nice character but the best part about the stay was Tara's friendliness and willingness to help.Thank you for taking the time to share your positive experience with Bienville House on TripAdvisor. We will certainly let Tara know!
We HD a large room with a balcony at the from of the hotel and loved our stay here. It was a short walk into the heart of the French quarter, yet still quiet.A complimentary breakfast is served every morning which was nice.Our bedroom was very large as was the four poster bed. The there is a little pool in the shady courtyard and this area is a nice place to sit outside with a drink or to have breakfast. Staff efficient and friendly.One small points bathrooms could do with an upgradeThank you so much for your great review! We passed along all of your comments to our management team for review. We appreciate all your feedback! Hope to see you again soon.
We stayed one night in a sun deck room. I enjoyed having my room open up onto the (shared) rooftop sundeck, which was pretty and provided an escape from what I perceived to be quite a strong damp, musty smell in the room itself. The rest of my family could smell it, but didn't find it as unpleasantly strong as I did. The room appeared clean, but the smell resulted in me feeling like the cleanliness might not be what I had hoped for (though I admit I am picky when it comes to cleanliness in hotels). It's probably just due to this being an older building I didn't see any mildew or mold, but the smell was a mildew type smell. We did not use the included continental breakfast....the lady that attends it wants everything done just so...my spouse went down for a cup of coffee in the morning and was not allowed to get their own and was sort of chastised for not realizing that everything needs to go through the breakfast attendant before you partake. We went elsewhere for breakfast. As for positives, the lady at the reception desk in the morning and the gentleman who held our luggage and called our cab were terrific. They were both very pleasant and professional and they made a great impression for the hotel. I wish I had made note of their names so I could mention them specifically. The location was also very convenient and we had easy access to attractions in both the French Quarter and the warehouse district.Thank you for the review. We appreciate all of your feedback and have passed along your comments to our management team for review. Hope to see you again!
We stayed at the Bienville House Hotel with friends at the beginning of October. We found it to be a lovely boutique hotel. Our room had a king size four poster bed. Quite honestly the bed could use a new mattress but we were so busy during the day we were exhausted at night and slept just fine. The staff were VERY helpful and friendly. The continental breakfast was certainly adequate and fresh and the coffee was great. Yes, the pool is small and not much sun gets on it, but I didn't goto New Orleans to swim or I would have picked another hotel. My first visit to New Orleans was fantastic.
I loved our stay at the Bienville House. We had a 4th floor, patio room. The patio was cool, with lots of lush plants and a small table. The room was comfortable and as expected for NOLA not large. The 3 of us had plenty of room. The staff was a bit of a mixed bag but overall nice. The front desk staff were super helpful and very sweet, the valet was great and the departing bell hop as well. The bell hop on arrival seemed pretty stressed. He was the only one working and it was a busy time when we arrived. Also, the lady at the continental breakfast was a bit off putting. You could tell she didn't like the fact I like to fix my own coffee. :) The pool is a great little pool in a nice courtyard. Bienville House is located in a great New Orleans locations. It is an easy walk to Jackson Square, Bourbon Street or Riverwalk. I'll be back! Oh, the lady in the next room seemed alarmed when there was loud music playing upon arrival. One should not expect silence anywhere in the French Quarter. It was simply a Riverboat playing load must and passed withing 20 minutes.Thank you for taking time to review our hotel. We are thrilled you loved your stay and enjoyed your room accommodations. We will be sure to pass along your comments about our staff and will look to improve this aspect of our hotel in the near future. Come back and see us again soon!
This a beautiful hotel that is just a few blocks away from Bourbon Street.... Such great charm and not a typical chain hotel... We were traveling with another couple but all the double rooms were booked, so they had planned on sleeping on an air mattress in our room. Our room wasn't ready when we got to town, so we checked in and left our bags... When arriving back at the hotel, the sweet lady at the front desk said she had a surprise for us... They had upgraded us to a beautiful suite, free of charge! Such a great experience and all the employees couldn't have been nicer!!! Loved, loved, loved our stay here!!We are thrilled you had such a great experience with us at Bienville House! We hope to see you back in NOLA again soon.
There were four couples of us meeting from several states to spend a few days in New Orleans...mainly to visit the WWII museum. We got a good rate on Hotel.com at the Bienville and decided to stay there. One thing that surprised us, was that they have quite a few rooms with no windows...and we all got one of these rooms. Other than that, everything at the hotel was good. The staff are all very pleasant and helpful...especially the husband and wife team that help with breakfast. (One warning here...there is not nearly enough seating to accommodate the number of rooms the hotel has if you get there any time after 8am.) The rooms are comfortable and very nicely furnished. The hotel itself is clean and beautifully decorated. The hotel is within walking distance of most everything...right off of the French Quarter. And...it is only a couple of blocks away from the bus or trolly stop if you are going further. The WWII museum is a little over a mile away (plan on spending the whole day there...it is amazing!!!). You can either walk or take the bus/trolly. One warning...parking is VERY expensive. With tax, it was 38 per day for our SUV.Overall...I would definitely stay there again!Hi BarDen, Thank you so much for the wonderful review! We glad you enjoyed your stay and hope to see you again soon.
Our room was very comfortable. We loved our stay at the hotel because it was In a great location, very quiet, fresh and clean and the dcor was true to New Orleans. We would chose to stay again next time we visit new Orleans but we would request a window.We appreciate you taking the time to share your Bienville House experience with us! We hope you will see us again soon.
Stayed February 2015. Hotel is beautifully decorated and nicely furnished. Service is impeccable with professional, courteous staff. Cynthia at the front desk is lovely. (Please tell her that Mom and Daughter said, 'We'll be back again, okey dokey' She'll get it.) Bienville House is now our hotel of choice. Thank you for a lovely stay!We will definitely pass along your message! Thank you so much for choosing Bienville House for your New Orleans stay. See you again soon!
Short walk to all French Quarter points of interest. The Staff is very helpful knowledgeable about the French Quarter. Old Historic Building has had major renovations in last couple of years, bathrooms redone in 2017. Nice Bar and Restaurant. Parking is available. enjoy the stay!!!We sincerely appreciate your positive feedback regarding your visit. We'd love to have you back for another luxurious stay at Bienville House!
We stayed at the Bienville for our weekend in New Orleans. The location is great, you are far enough away from the noise of Bourbon Street and walking distance to just about everything, but there is a train that goes by twice a night and sounds its horn :) The staff are very kind and helpful. Our room was not as nice as I had hoped. The carpet was really stained and dirty and the cleanliness of the bathroom was not great. There is only one very tiny elevator for four floors. Not sure that I would book again here with all the other choices in the Quarter.Thank you for taking the time to comment regarding your recent visit to New Orleans and Bienville HouseI regret that you did not receive the level of service we are capable of providing and I apologize. Your remarks are well taken and have been brought to the attention of our management team for review.We greatly value your patronage and do hope that you will reconsider and give us another opportunity to display to you the type of hospitality and service upon which our reputation is based and which you have every right to expect.
Me and my 81 year old mother stayed at Bienville House in April. Everything was fantastic. We stayed in the double double sundeck room which was beautiful, spacious, comfortable and clean - and quiet. Everyone on the staff was friendly but I want to give a huge shout out to Cynthia who works the front desk. She is super friendly and accommodating, helping us with a couple of special requests we made to make our stay more convenient for us. I would highly recommend this hotel and I will stay here again.We are so pleased to hear that your and your grandmother enjoyed your stay at our luxurious hotel. We pride ourselves on our kind and attentive staff, so we will be sure to pass along your lovely comments to Cynthia.
Good hotel for the price (in the French Quarter in New Orleans). The breakfast was rather poor. We had a nice room with outside a sundeck. I have stayed in better hotels in New Orleans but they were more expensive.Thank you so much for taking the time to write this review. We hope to see you in NOLA again soon!
We recently hosted our daughter's wedding in NOLA and wanted a more intimate setting for guests. We could not have been happier. The location was a short walk to everything you would want to see and do in the French Quarter and easy access to Canal Street shops. The rooms were large quiet and comfortable. Best of all was the service. Beverly and Cynthia at the front desk bent over backwards for our group and felt like part of the family by the end of our stay. If you want to be in the heart of New Orleans without the craziness of the Quarter, the Bienville House is the perfect boutique hotel for you.Thank you so much for your comments about the luxury service you received at the Bienville House! We aim to provide each guest with the same luxurious experience you described. Please come back and visit us soon!
This hotel was close to everything in the french quarter. The room was nice but the elevator was small with no air. the breakfast for the price of the hotel was lacking just danishes, cereal and yogurt. The price of the hotel was high and then they charged you to park. The room was nice but I wouldn't stay there again. The pool looked dirty from the balcony. but we couldn't get to it because it was closed for a private wedding. I felt they should have told us at check in.Hello,Thank you so much for your review! We passed along all of your comments to our management team for review. We appreciate all your feedback.
Great classic hotel ambiance with modern amenities and the perfect location. So much great stuff within walking distance and the gorgeous courtyard, heated pool (it was nearly hot tub level heated, which made it enjoyable despite 60 degree temps!) and tiki bar helped add to the experience. Lovely furnishings and friendly staff.We sincerely appreciate your positive feedback regarding your visit. We'd love to have you back for another luxurious stay at Bienville House!
The hotel has a great location. The staff is great. The room was very nice. The bed was good the shower was good. The room was quiet. The hotel has a fast start breakfast. It was excellent. They have juice, toast, bagels, cereal, yogurt and fruit. I would stay here again.We sincerely appreciate your positive feedback regarding your visit. We'd love to have you back for another luxurious stay at the Bienville House!
Great , Centrally located Hotel Near the French Quarter, Recommend it Highly, It was our third Stay and we will probably never stay anywhere else while in New Orleans. we had three rooms this trip and four the last trip. they are always very accomadating.We love our patrons at the Bienville House! Thank you for your continued support of our hotel. We look forward to seeing you again soon!
First, after reading previous reviews, I was prepared for a small quaint room. We had a King patio and it was quite large. It had 2 areas with a second TV, sofa and coffee table besides the comfortable bedroom area. Yes, the bathroom was small, but larger than a lot of the baths in other Historical hotels we've visited. The lush patio was really sweet and the courtyard around the pool reminiscent of European boutique hotels. The included breakfast is strictly coffee and pastries, but be sure to bypass the bagels for the croissants and sweet breads. The balcony rooms looked charming and faced the courtyard. In all, a great experience.Hello,We sincerely appreciate your positive feedback regarding your time joining us in March. We'd love to have you back for another luxurious stay at Bienville House!Sincerely,Bienville House
I cannot say enough great things about this hotel. From the minute we checked in the staff was wonderful, friendly, attentive, helpful. Breakfast in the morning is definately a nice touch with many options for a continental breakfast. Pool/courtyard is smaller than you would think by looking at the photos but has a nice homey feel and we enjoyed overlooking it from our balcony and we also liked how you can use it at night as well. The hotel is a great location where you can walk to anywhere. No need for a car in this city plus parking is difficult and expensive everywhere so just opt out of one and walk everywhere. I would definately recommend and would stay there againThank you so much for your positive review! We love receiving our customers feedback!!
My family and friends come from all across the United States to stay at the Bienville House every August. It is our yearly celebration of my father in-law Paul Helm's Birthday. We are always greeted by familiar faces who welcome us with big hugs. We feel like family when we come back each year. We've worked with management to reserve a room block each year. It has always been a good experience. This beautiful hotel is ideally located in the French Quarter, walking distance from Bourbon St, The flea market and so many of our favorite hot spots. We love to relax by the pool before we head out to another fun filled night in the Quarter. A couple years ago my husband and I renewed our wedding vows by the beautiful pool and then followed by a second line through the French Quarter and reception in the breakfast room. There is just so many wonderful memories made there!We value our patrons at the Bienville House, and are thrilled you have made so many wonderful memories at our hotel. We look forward to seeing you again soon!
I got married here in May and it was the best experience of my life. The manager Mrs. Monroe helped me plan everything. She did all the leg work, provided me with contacts for music, hair, minister, everything. Since this was a destination wedding that was incredible. She is my fairy Godmother and provided my husband with wonderful wisdom. The staff helped with everything from unloading the car to decorating to rubbing my feet!!! They even danced with us in our second line parade. I highly recommend this hotel, I will never stay anywhere else in New Orleans ever again. They really treat you like family here!!!We are thrilled you had such a fantastic wedding experience and stay with us! We certainly loved having you!! We hope to see you again soon and congratulations!!
Visiting NOLA for a wedding and had a block of rooms available at Bienville House, took the opportunity due to the low rate and distance from wedding events/bourbon street area. Upon arrival was very suprised by cute street apeal and friendly reception area, after receiving our room key we ventured around the lobby area and found the pool. The pool is in the courtyard area in the middle of the building. It is very grotto like and almost had a european feel with its rustic charm yet small and charming feel. Unfortunatelly, we did not use the pool but did take advantage of the small breakfast bar the next morning in the lobby area that was just enough to get you up and going to take on the town. The room was on the top level which is actually an outdoor hallway terrace that winds around different corners offering a few views of the city. Luckily it was a warm day and we were able sit out on our own patio terrace directly outside our room. Inside the room- very clean and suprisingly large, we shared with another couple and had more than enough room for the 4 of us. The bathroom was a little outdated but it was still functional and clean (most important). Upon checkout we were greeted by a friendly receptionist who knew the city well and helped with out bags by a team of skilled bell staff. Overall- great place to stay, walking distance to anything in the bourbon street area, safe, clean, and offered a comfortable NOLA experience.
Beautiful hotel, great staff and perfect location! We stayed in a double balcony room with an incredible view of the landscaped courtyard and pool. Staff is 5star! For a historic hotel this exceeded my expectations. Perfect boutique hotel that provides an oasis experience. Truly not a single negative. We are so glad you had such a great stay with us! We hope to see you again soon for another wonderful trip to New Orleans.
This was a beautiful boutique hotel with lovely rooms. We had a fabulous stay. it was positioned well for Bourbon Street, Frenchmen Street, French Market, The Paddle steamer and the Trolley. All around a lovely place to stay. The staff were lovely. Breakfast was ok. You need to get there early as once they run out of things they don't seem to have any more eg certain cereals, muffins, pastries etc. It was however a lovely place to stay.We are so pleased to hear you've enjoyed your stay with us! Thank you so much for taking the time to review your experience on TripAdvisor we greatly appreciate your feedback. Please do come see us again soon!
We stayed for 7 nights at the Bienville House in New Orleans over Christmas 2011. The stay was wonderful! We were able to switch rooms to one with a view of the Mississippi and to be able to see the ships and even the Natchez cruise by our window was great. The only concern was the street noise at night but it was the holidays and the French Quarter was full of visitors so it was sort of expected. This boutique hotel was decorated very nicely, the king 4 poster beds were exceptional and even the continental breakfast served from 7:00 - 10:00 am was pretty good. I would definately stay here on a future stay.Dear crdonahue, Thank you for choosing the Bienville House on your recent trip to New Orleans. We are so happy to hear you enjoyed your stay and look forward to your return.
The Bienville House has the perfect location for a visit to New Orleans, close to the action in the French Quarter, but not too close. Added to that is its incredibly friendly and helpful staff, including everyone from the person who helps you with parking your car, to the ladies at the front desk, to the maid who cleans your room. The balcony rooms are especially nice and look out onto a patio with saltwater pool and a view of the river in the distance. Overall decor is about what one would expect for a hotel that refers to itself as boutique. However, now to the but. The beds in the balcony rooms (where we stayed) are double, and soft to the point of sinking when one climbs in. They are most uncomfortable and should be replaced with queen-sized beds to match the wall-mounted headboards. The room coffee maker is about as minimal as can be found in any hotel, and the coffee and condiments provided are truly weak for a city that prides itself on its fine coffee. The daily ration of two packets of Twining tea was a nice touch! On leaving the elevator area, the halls to the rooms are stark, grey and unadorned. The word drab comes to mind. The biggest shortcoming we found at the hotel was the continental breakfast. Cold, stale bread, bagels and muffins do not constitute a continental breakfast, even with the added, but limited, selection of yogurt and cereal. We are certain that some of the same slices of bread appeared in the bread baskets on each of the four days we stayed, but hopefully we are mistaken. The person taking care of the buffet was very friendly and worked hard to take care of guests at breakfast. Unfortunately, she apparently didn't realize that the gloves she wore the entire time she was working were meant to be changed when performing different tasks. The same gloves stayed on no matter whether handling coffee cups, putting out food, clearing tables, or picking up items off the floor. An explanation regarding proper sanitary technique is in order. So, as said in the title, this could be a great little hotel, but it just needs some work.................Thank you for taking the time to comment regarding your recent visit to New Orleans and Bienville House. I regret that you did not receive the level of service we are capable of providing and I apologize. Your remarks are well taken and have been brought to the attention of our management team for review.We greatly value your patronage and do hope that you will reconsider and give us another opportunity to display to you the type of hospitality and service upon which our reputation is based and which you have every right to expect.
We chose Bienville House because of its great location and the ability to walk the French Quarter, little did we know what a delightful experience staying there would be.It started with a call to the front desk to ask specific driving directions which were given cheerfully, concise and very easy to follow. Then when we arrived great valet service for the car, well worth the money with such limited parking in the area, fantastic recommendation for a PoBoy at Johnny's two blocks from the hotel...authentic and delicious. Everyone was friendly, smiling and helpful no matter their jobs or shifts...amazing to create such consistency of service.Excellent continental breakfast with great pastries and breads, cereals plus yogart and fresh apples. The room was a lovely king with a small balcony on the courtyard...quiet which is unbelievable in the French Quarter and lovely place to relax from the busy street. We highly recommend and would return there.Dear Laura,We're so glad to hear you had such a wonderful stay with us! Thanks for sharing your experience! We hope to see you again on your next visit to New Orleans!
Having only stayed at some of the larger hotels in New Orleans, we decided to try a smaller boutique hotel this time. We had booked a fourth floor sundeck room and I'm very happy we did. The weather was lovely all week and we really made good use of the sundeck. We had a table and chairs and there were lots of beautiful plants all over the deck. Upon arrival at 2:00, our room was not ready. We were told they would call us when it was ready, but by 5:00, still no call. We didn't mind the wait as we just strolled around the French Quarter while we waited. We decided to go back and check on the room and it was ready once we got there. The room as a nice size, especially considering how small some of them can be in the FQ. The room was very clean, although in need of some refurbishment. It is an old building though. The carpet was very stained, but it did seem to get vacuumed every day. We did have a problem with not getting enough towels. There were 3 of us and we only received 2 bath towels, so we had to consistently ask for more towels each day. Other than that, no problems with housekeeping. The room was relatively quiet, facing the river side of the building. We did hear the occasional horn of a passing train, which in the middle of the night, was a bit loud. The staff was all very friendly and helpful. The free continental breakfast was okay, but nothing special. The beds were a bit soft for my liking and rather small.Overall, a very nice experience.
Five nights stay with wife, location is everything to us! And location to everything good about French quarter made it a good choice! Unfortunately the location next to the main railway track with freight trains running every night and blowing there horns all night made sleep impossible! Not much hotel can do about trains other than a warning and maybe triple glazing!Breakfast was terribly inadequate and not helped by a miserable breakfast lady who really didnt want to be there!One day our room wasnt cleaned, when I questioned it we were asked if we had put the do not disturb sign up We hadnt, and maids had gone home so we slept in unmaid bed!Coffee machine didnt work properly and one day it did but they hadnt provided any milk, so I still couldnt have coffee!Tv didnt work properly and was blamed on atmospheric conditions!Basically the hotel made excuses and would not accept liability for any issue.As I said, its close to being good but needs to get its act together! I wouldnt stay here again! Thank you so much for your detailed review! We passed along all of your comments to our management team for review. We appreciate all your feedback! We hope that you will give us another chance in the future.
The Bienville House is located within walking distance of all of the interesting sites within the New Orleans French Quarter. By taking the streetcar, you can add even more sites to enjoy. We loved the looks and atmosphere of this House and were particularly delighted with the personable and friendly staff.We're glad you enjoyed your stay at the Bienville House! We hope to see you again soon!
I admit this is an older hotel, but it has a lot of charming appeal, and most of all, it is so close to everything. The hotel is about three blocks from Bourbon Street, which I really didn't like going. Four blocks from Cafe de Monde and five blocks from the French Market. I did not rent a car, I used public transportation during my four-day-stay in New Orleans. When I got to the hotel at about 1:30pm, my room was ready. I rented a king size bed. The room is pretty spacious, with a big window looking over Landry's seafood restaurant. I did not have breakfast at the hotel since there are a lot of places to try out new food. I did partake on the afternoon cookies and lemonade, which they put out around 2pm. I will stay here again without a doubt. I loved my stay at the Bienville House hotel.We are so glad you enjoyed your stay at the Bienville House and took the time to share your great experience with TripAdvisor. It sounds like the perfect trip! Please return soon to the Bienville House for another great trip!
We stay here almost every time we are in New Orleans and recommend it to anyone looking for something different from the big chain hotels. A small boutique hotel close to everything you want to see. Fits well into the European style of the French Quarter. Friendly staff makes you feel like you are at home.We are so glad you enjoyed your stay at Bienville House and took the time to share your great experience with TripAdvisor. Please return soon to the Bienville House for another great trip!
This hotel is charming, quaint and has all the comforts of home. The pool area is so exquisite. The location could not be more perfect, within walking distance of everything, but just far enough away from the noise. We stayed there just before Christmas and the lobby, although small had such a cozy feel and the hot chocolate served in the late afternoon was a real treat. Breakfast was however limited in selection. All the staff were extremely helfpful. The parking is extra and is expensive, but all hotels in big cities charge addtional due to space limitation, add it into you budget. We do however wish that they had two queen beds instead of two fulls which is just too small to share other than that we give the Bienville House an A+
My husband and I recently stayed at the Bienville House Hotel. It is located just on the French Quarter's edge which I really liked, because you are not right in all the crowds and craziness, but you are easy walking distance to the action. The hotel is kept up very nicely and I especially appreciated the free continental breakfast as well as the lemonade and cookies in the late afternoon. The courtyard pool was a great place to relax during the hot afternoons and was never crowded. We also enjoyed the fine dining at Iris restaurant and their amazing bartender's unique cocktail concoctions! We found the staff to be very friendly and accommodating and appreciated being allowed to check our bags after we had to check out, but with time to sight-see before catching our plane. I thought the value for all of the amenities was really great! After researching a large number of NOLA hotels and BB's I strongly feel that Bienville offers a reasonable price and strong value for their great location, rooms, and services. Would 100 recommend for a vacation in NOLA!!
We selected this hotel since we wanted to be in a convenient, but historic part of New Orleans. We were here for a convention and the location was great. Two blocks away is the Riverfront streetcar that goes to the Convention center in one direction and to the French Market in the other.The hotel itself is charming and is within a block or two of House of Blues (which we enjoyed), Bubba Gumps (didn't like as much) and Hard Rock Cafe (didn't even go). Our room was large with two queen beds and overlooked an edge of the courtyard. The beds were soft, but surprisingly comfy. We were able to walk everywhere in the French Quarter including several non-chain restaurants. And the air conditioning was, well, cool... and believe me it's needed after being outdoors! They no longer serve continental breakfasts since they now have a cooking school restaurant downstairs. We had a very nice breakfast there. Dinners looked good and reasonably priced, but we just didn't try it out due to other commitments.There's a fire station across the street and a police station a couple blocks away, so you always felt safe. Didn't hear any sirens -- in fact didn't hear much noise except for an occaisional train. All in all a great place to stay and a good value for those wanting more than an anonymous chain hotel.
Perfectly centered in the French QuarterRooms dated, but in keeping with old world styleNice shampoos/soaps despite dated bathroomRestaurant/bar was closed during my stay but such good restaurants around, probably doesn't matterBell staff, front desk were very very friendly. I had to make a change on my departure, and they were very accommodating without any attitudeThank you for your kind review. We're happy to hear you enjoyed your stay. We hope to see you again soon!
The location was perfect for us. Away from the Bourbon St noise and convenient to pick up the tours we had booked from home. Always within walking distance of where we needed to be. I loved hearing the calliope on the steamship in the evening. The staff was always friendly, courteous and greeted us by name. The room was very comfortable. We had a king sundeck room. But our outdoor table and chairs were missing so we didn't get the chance to sit outdoor and just chill. The other 3 sundeck rooms had the table and chairs. Breakfast was average but at least it was there and available in the morning. I wish we had more time to spend in New Orleans. Now, at least I know where to book our room next time we visit. I would definitely book Bienville House again.We are so glad you enjoyed your stay at Bienville House and took the time to share your great experience with TripAdvisor. It sounds like the perfect trip! Please return soon to Bienville House for another great trip!
The hotel was clean and beautiful and the location was great. The staff was very pleasant and helpful from housekeeping to the front desk to the valet. The room was very nice and the price was excellent as well. Without question, my wife and I will stay at the Bienville House again.
Hotel was an location for our stay and we especially liked the room size. It was really large with plenty of room and lots of lighting. Furnishings were very nice and comfortable. Would definitely recommend this hotel.Lorraine, we are so glad that you enjoyed your stay at Bienville House and took the time to share your great experience with TripAdvisor. It sounds like the perfect trip! Please return soon to Bienville House for another great trip!
We loved staying here!! Right in the middle of the action of the French Quarter! The historic feel of the hotel was awesome! Very well kept and clean. Hotel staff was friendly and very helpful on recommending things to do near by. We can't wait to go back!We are so pleased that you found the Bienville House to be so historic, clean and friendly. We certainly agree! We look forward to seeing you again soon in NOLA!
We stayed here basically due to price. It was excellent choice! The hotel is charming with comfortable beds and within easy walking of just about everything. The staff were helpful and accomodating as we were first timers to NOLA. It has a lovely pool and garden area. I'd happily stay here again and upgrade to one of the rooms with a balcony. The only suggestion I would have is a bit of improvement on the breakfast might be beneficial but since NOLA is full of restaurants there are innumerable other options.Nancy, we are so pleased that you enjoyed our charm, comfortable beds, great location, and price tag! Our courtyard pool is our favorite oasis in the French Quarter. We look forward to hosting you again for another luxurious stay soon!
We have stayed here twice in the past year and have been pleased both times. Great service. Clean rooms. Rooms are beautifully decorated while leaving the historic beauty of New Orleans. The location is wonderful for those who wish to explore The French Quarter on foot.
We are from New Orleans and decided to celebrate our wedding anniversary by staying in the French Quarter and having dinner at Galatoire's. We choose the Bienville House because of its location and the reviews on TripAdvisor. The hotel lived up to its reputation - excellent. Very welcoming staff - large, well appointed room with antique looking (maybe the real thing) furniture - terry cloth robes. This was one of the best hotels I have stayed in anywhere - New York, Chicago, Dallas - anywhere. And, all for a very reasonable price - a great value.We are so glad you had a wonderful wedding anniversary stay with us at Bienville House! It sounds like you had a great trip. Please come again soon for another great stay!
We stayed at Bienville House from 3/8-3/11. We thought it was wonderful! The rooms are beautiful and spotless. I didn't find the room to be too small at all, as some people have said. There were two comfortable chairs in the room to sit and chat along with a desk and chair. The bed was beautifully made, comfortable, and clean.The staff was very friendly and made great recommendations for restaurants and jazz. They also gave us directions to find things. Without a doubt, we'd stay there again for fun. My husband is planning to take his sales group there for his next big meeting.We are so pleased to hear you loved your stay with us at Bienville House! We hope to see you back here again soon for another great stay in New Orleans.
Never have stayed here in our 20 or more trips to the Quarter, but would book with them again. Rooms are a great value during the week and go up on weekends. We got a good deal through Iprefer. Did not visit the restaurant, but it did not look very busy.
This hotel has a great location. We were able to walk everywhere we wanted to go. Beverly at the front desk could not have been any nicer. The had a nice breakfast in the morning and cookies in the afternoon.The only problem we had was with housekeepingWe're so glad you enjoyed your stay with us and took the time to share your experience on TripAdvisor! We hope to see you again soon.
Super staff, GREAT free breakfast from 6 to 10 a.m., good location to Loyola and Tulane yet still just a short uber ride to French Quarter. Restaurant next door has great steaks and TexMex. Free secure parkingK B, Thank you for taking the time out to review our property. Our amenities and convenience of our property is something we love all our guest to enjoy. Please feel free to stay with us next time you are in the Big Easy!
The room was adequate for our needs, very small. The room had a musty smell which lingered in the air all weekend. The staff was nice , helpful calling cabs. The location was very convenient on St. Charles Avenue, with the trolly right outside the lobby door.
My husband and I have stayed here many times and have never been disappointed. This time our daughter and grandchildren came as well and also raved about it. The rooms are roomy and clean the beds are comfy and the staff is amazing even the manager comes and chit chats. The breakfast is one of the best we have had. We highly recommend this hotel can't wait to go backIt was a pleasure having you guys. I am so glad your family enjoyed the city! We look forward to seeing you again.Melissa AlbertGeneral Manager
Good location, half way between Uptown and Downtown/Quarter. Super friendly staff and well appointed rooms and very clean. Good beds. Staff very friendly and helpful. Rates generally reasonable, though I'd prefer that they not soar so high during Jazzfest where I just stayed for 6 nights
Like Best Western hotels and choose this hotel because it offered free parking and was on the St Charles street car line. Hotel is charming and the staff was so very friendly. Rooms were clean, spacious and breakfast was good. Beds were very comfortable. Loved that there were tables and chairs so we could sit outside. The garden district is so quiet compared to French Quarter. Loved the area and will be back to stay here again. Restaurant next door, Fresh Market and the Grocery right up the street. A few blocks to Magazine St. The staff could not have been friendlier. Loved talking with all of them. After staying in the French Quarter and here, this will be my first choice from now on. Can't wait to to go back.I'm happy to hear you had such a great stay! I love the area the hotel is located in. There is plenty to do and see, while still being much quieter than the French Quarter. Let us know when you are ready to come back! It is a great time of year to sit outside on our porch and watch the streetcars go by!Kathleen Davis, Front Office Manager
Loved the ambiance and location of this hotel. If you want to experience the Garden District, this is the place to stay! Next to one of my favorite restaurants, Superior Grill. Walk out the front door to hop on the streetcar for a scenic trip to the CBD and French Quarter.
Our family of 4 stayed one night on our way home to Houston from Orlando. Our room was clean, comfortable and very quiet. The room has fridge, microwave, safe deposit box. Rate is reasonable with free parking, a short walk from the hotel. The street car is right in front of the hotel for a 30 minutes ride to french quarter for 1.25 per person. At around 6:30pm, we only had to wait 5 minutes for another car but around 10:00pm, the wait was exactly 30 minutes. Four family of 4, we did not find any cost or time saving buy taking the street car. We just did it for the experience.
Nice hotel, clean room and helpful staff. The street car is right outside and only a 15 minute ride to downtown and the French Quarter
The surrounding area does not appear safe. However, the actual street the hotel was on was pleasant and in the Garden district. Parking was gated, which was nice. It's also easy to catch a streetcar outside the hotel. It runs every 10 minutes. It was about a 25 minute street car ride. It took about 10 minutes to get to Canal and Burbon street area in our persona vehicle. The beds were comfortable, but were small (full size I believe). We were able fit 2 adults and 2 children in the room. The decor was nice and the lobby was average. We found clothes that were left behind in one of the drawers. The room was fairly clean. The whole hotel smelled like cleaning solution. We stayed one night and did not spend alot of time in our room. It was good for the price. There's also a simple restaurant and bar next door.Monica,Thank you for taking the time to write your review. Our rooms with two beds have two double beds in them. I'm glad you found them to be comfortable! It sounds like your family was able to do a lot in just one night in New Orleans. We are located in the Garden District, which is safe and quieter than other areas of the city. Luckily, the street car makes it easy to get to other parts of the city! It is great that our guests can take advantage of our free parking and use the streetcar. We hope you will come back and visit New Orleans and the St. Charles Inn.Kathleen Davis, Front Office Manager
We spent three nights at the BW on St. Charles - a wonderful stay. The hotel is very conveniently located on St. Charles, about halfway between Tulane/Loyola and downtown New Orleans. The tram runs in front of the hotel, but we never heard a thing from our room. It is walking distance from Commander's Palace, where we had an unforgettable dinner one evening. You are right there to see all the beautiful homes of the Garden District and to visit Magazine street. The hotel itself is so accommodating. The breakfast is bountiful - hot and cold items, and lots of fresh fruit. They keep coffee, tea and fresh-fruit-flavored chilled water available all day. In the afternoon they put out warm, fresh-baked cookies. In the evening, there are grapes and cheese. All on the house! There is a decent-enough and very friendly Mexican-style restaurant and lounge attached. We ate there our first evening and cannot complain. What is nice, once again, is that the restaurant is a bit loud, but we never heard it from our room. Everything about this hotel is great. I would recommend it to any friend or family member, and would definitely stay here again.
Great place to stay for both me and my dog. With park area both in front and to the side of the hotel, Fido was happy. With the great location, great breakfast, and great sleep, I was happy, also. Having a Mexican restaurant in the building made me feel at home.Richard, It's great to hear how much you enjoyed your stay and I trust that your dog got plenty of attention from our staff! Please consider staying with us again the next time you travel to New Orleans!Mollie Sciacca, Asst. General Manager
My favorite hotel in NOLA due to great staff and location. The rooms are very good, beds comfortable. Wonderful walking area. Breakfast is only adequate offering, but it's free and better than most free breakfast offerings. Parking in rear is great.Davidbyerlapin, Thank you so much for the great feedback. We are so glad you enjoyed your stay and can't wait ot see you next time!
First day we arrived, we met Annette at the front desk. So nice and professional, as were all the employees! Very clean hotel. A/C worked great, bed was comfortable, linens were soft. We had a room in the back and it was very quiet. Definitely would stay here again. Love the cold fruit infused water in the lobby and snacks of grapes and cheese after a hot day outside.
Incredible staff and it's right next to the streetcar line. It's convenient but does get noisy because it runs 24/7 so if you're a light sleeper ask for one of the rooms further back. The breakfast in the morning was great, and the staff was definitely the reason I'm going to go back.Victoria, Thank you for the great review. We are glad you enjoyed your stay with us and can't wait to see you next time in the Big Easy!
The Trolley cars travel right in front of the place and Superior Grill if FANTASTIC and if you're eating light, just order a Steak and a cup of bean soup A-La-Cart and roll out. It's a great place to stay if you like be close to the action. Love the location, included breakfast and ease of parking.
I've stayed at this hotel three times since 2008.Value. Especially during Mardi Gras, when this area is near parade routes, but even at other times, this hotel is more expensive than the Best Western St. Christopher (on the edge of the French Quarter). I think the biggest difference between the two is the location that you prefer. I don't want to pay more to stay in the Garden District, but I could think of people who would.Rooms. These are a little smaller than normal and don't have work desks or in-room safes. My room faced the parking lot behind the hotel and was fairly quiet. On previous visits I didn't have a problem with noise either. I love the room decor which is bright and contemporary. It looks better than most BWs I've visited. Also, there is an extra sink next to the closet space near the door, which works well when there are multiple people in a room.Location. It is on St. Charles with a streetcar stop almost in front of the hotel. St. Charles and its nearby areas have more good restaurants than the French Quarter IMO and the streetcar is an incredibly efficient way of getting to them. Also, the French Quarter is not walking distance from the hotel, but the streetcar takes you to Canal Street, which is the border of the Quarter. The hotel is also quite close to Loyola and Tulane Universities as well as Audubon Park/Zoo. This particular area of St. Charles is residential. It should be noted that part of the hotel is built on top of a restaurant, Superior Grill. This is convenient, but it enhances the possibility for noise. It hasn't bothered me, but I've never been in a room directly over it.Cleanliness. The room was reasonably clean. I was there for a half-marathon and spent more time than normal in the bathroom to ice my legs. I noticed that the bathroom wasn't exactly spotless, but it wasn't anything you'd notice unless you spent 30-45 minutes in there looking around. Service. The front desk staff struck me as nice, but in a couple of cases simply weren't able to accommodate me. I arrived around 3:15PM and my room was not ready. Since the hotel was fully booked, they couldn't give me another room. I waited in the lobby for a little more than an hour and two calls by the clerk to the housekeeper and my room still wasn't ready. The clerk agreed to hold my bag while I went next door to Superior Grill to eat dinner. I returned about 6:30PM and my room was ready. I was not the only person waiting for a room. (Throughout my stay, I noticed that housekeeping seemed to occur late in the day, about 1-4 PM. It wasn't difficult to notice because the housekeeper on our floor blasted music in the rooms she was cleaning.) Second, I asked the front desk for some information about street closures occurring that weekend and they weren't aware of them. It's a relatively minor issue, but there were multiple people asking and they never got answers.Sleep Quality. My room was quiet and the bed relatively decent.Notes. The surface on the second floor slopes a bit which can feel weird initially. They have a bookshelf with books for guests to read while there.
We have stayed there previously. Location is convenient, most front desk people are very helpful, breakfast is all right. Rooms can be noisy.However: we were given room 209 which had its only window 3' from the restaurant exhaust system. The smell of food permeated the room. And, the A/C could not be used because it, too, was adjacent to the exhaust. We thought we would give it a try until my wife found hairs and red spots on the sheet.The front desk lady was extremely nice and pleasant as she is always. We moved to another room that had a roll away in it. Quickly I noticed black residue appearing on the white sheets. A quick check of the A/C filter showed it must not have been changed since Katrina...........black mold was all over the filter. And, on the sheets. The bathroom was not cleaned well. Hairs were around the tub and elsewhere. In short, housekeeping is not good. Cleaning is not acceptable. We elected to stay because we were tired of moving rooms and did not want to try and find another motel. Perhaps we should have done so. Overall, this place has potential but it needs a thorough cleaning as it has become mediocre Close off the room next to the restaurant exhaust. Clean the carpets and clean the rooms thoroughly. We will try the next door Hampton Inn next visit.
pros-great location, across the street from the St. Charles street car -beautiful neighborhood (Garden District) -great restaurant next door (Superior Grill) -gated free parkingcons-breakfast was less than desirable (and we have stayed at many, many BWs across the nation) - room was on the small side -noisy on the dumpster side of the building - plumbing problems (toilet overflowed-wasn't cleaned like we thought it could have been, in the young man's defense, we did not say anything to him for him to be able to remedy- we get it- it was gross) (it's old-we get it) -could have been cleaner- stair case doesn't look like it has been vacuumed in a long time.Ann,I'm very sorry that you did not enjoy your stay with us. I am glad you were able to enjoy our location and one of the great restaurants in our area. I will pass along your issues to housekeeping and to the breakfast staff. Thank you for your feedback. I hope you will stay with us again one day so we may have another opportunity to provide you with a great stay!Kathleen Davis, Front Office Manager
Our stay would have been great without the strong smell of air freshener. We stayed for 2 nights and asked not to have our room cleaned and the smell was still strong when we would return to our room. Other than that the hotel is nice, the bed is great and parking is included. The breakfast was very good with hot items. and a variety of fruit to add to our oatmeal (though it would have been nice to have hot oatmeal and not the packets). I would have rated it higher if not for the air freshener.Thank you for taking the time to review your stay! I'm sorry you did not enjoy the air freshener we use at the property. I will pass that feedback along to my manager. I'm glad you enjoyed the rest of your stay, though! We do sometimes have hot oatmeal as a breakfast option. We use the packets if the breakfast attendant has made grits. That is my favorite part about our breakfast--it is different every morning!We hope to see you the next time you visit New Orleans!Kathleen Davis, Front Office Manager
Very nice, there is no parking charge and is gated, free internet, close to cable cars, 10 minutes from downtown, restaurants nearby, friendly staff. The area is nice and quiet. We will be back in the summer.
Bugs in bed, musty smell, loud and inefficient air conditioning. Rooms are dark and in need of deep cleaning. Unfriendly staff. Dark alley way from parking lot to the back door of the hotel. The work out area was used as a storage room. The only thing going for this hotel was the free parking and location to the trolley.Maureen,I am so sorry you were unhappy with your stay. We were unable to find any evidence of the bug you saw in your room. Ecolab thoroughly inspected the room, and found no insect activity. We did have the room treated out of an abundance of caution. I am happy we were able to change your room immediately, and I provided you with a discount for the inconvenience of changing rooms.The fitness center was being used for storage for a few days. We excited to be doing some upgrades to our public areas this summer. As a small hotel there is not a lot of extra room. I am happy to report those items have been moved out as of today (08/14/17)! Unfortunately this happens from time to time as we make improvements to the hotel. We made sure as much of the equipment as possible was accessible, and we would always be happy to provide a guest pass to a local gym if our storage inconveninced a guest. Melissa AlbertGeneral Manager
We were given a room infested with fleas. First noticed while lying in bed and got bit. Thought it was a fleeting incident and left for the day. That night I was in bed and felt them on me, I got up walked across room and saw fleas were all over my lower legs. Needless to say I did not sleep that night. First thing in the morning asked for a new room and they did move us, however I was paranoid the fleas got into my things and would come home with me. So I felt very anxious and uncomfortable the rest of my stay. I have bite marks all over my legs. They didn't even offer a discount of any kind off that room price.Thank you for taking the time to write your review. I am very sorry that happened during your stay. I am very glad we were able to move you to another room, and we have gotten the original room taken care of. We do have a cleaning policy in place when we know a pet has been in a room. There was no record of any pets in that room for several months. Unfortunately, it sounds like someone may have had a pet in that room without us knowing. I have contacted you by phone, and would be happy to discuss this with you further.Thank you,Melissa AlbertGeneral Managermalbertstcharlesinn.net
Location is very good (Garden District) right on the trolley car route. The hotel is small but it has everything you expect at a Best Western. The room was comfortable and clean. service was excellent.Close to restaurants. Limited on site parking. Breakfast was so so. I thought the value was good for New Orleans. I would stay there again.
My wife and I stayed at this hotel for three days in June and it was a good choice. Very clean, friendly staff, enclosed and secure parking lot and very close of a walk to the St Charles st car line, Garden District and Magazine St. Also has a very good Mexican restaurant ( Superior Grill) next door. You can take the Streetcar and be in the French Quarter within a half of an hour. I plan on staying at this hotel again the next time we visit New Orleans
My wife and I stayed at this hotel for two nights, arriving on Tuesday 7 October and departing Thursday 9th. I was very disappointed.My reservation for this stay was confirmed in January 2014. It was prepaid, and the charge was posted to my credit card account on 10 January last. I selected the hotel partly for its location, partly because it offered the facilities and amenities I sought, and partly because of good reviews on TripAdvisor.When we arrived at the hotel on 7 October, the lady on the front counter told me the MasterCard I presented was declined, and requested another card. Since I knew there was nothing wrong with my card or account, I stood my ground. Reluctantly she tried again, and succeeded. But that was clearly not her first choice.I told her the reservation was prepaid, which she denied. She said it would be charged to my card. After I got settled in my room I went online and downloaded a copy of my credit card statement for the month of January (showing the charge for this stay), which I showed the front desk lady. Reluctantly she agreed and asked pointedly It has not been charged to your account here, has itOne of the amenities that drove my choice of this hotel was free parking, as advertised on the hotels website. What it does not say is that there are only 40 or 41 spaces, given out on a first come first served basis. When we arrived they had all been given out. Because we were staying two nights I was permitted to park on the street in front of the hotel, rather than off-site (the other option). Neither of those options fits what I understand when a hotel advertises free parking. (I was given access to the hotel's parking area for our second night.)When we reached our room we were very disappointed at its size. There was neither room nor a stand to open two suitcases one case occupied the armchair, leaving only the desk chair for seating. This does not conform with what I expect from a Best Western, let alone a Best Western Plus hotel. And at 161 per night I consider it over-priced, though most hotels of this standard in New Orleans seem to charge around this figure.On both mornings we were at the hotel, when I stepped into the bath to shower there appeared black grime on the bath from my feet this came from the carpet. I complained the first morning and asked that the floor be vacuumed, but the problem was still there the second morning. I consider that the carpet in that room requires a shampoo.Finally, on both mornings when we came to breakfast the four tables provided were all fully used. On the first morning we had our breakfast in the Business Centre on the second morning we waited until other guests left.On the morning of our departure there appeared under the door a statement which, in the light of the initial denial that the reservation was prepaid, could have meant that the hotel had charged the stay to my credit card on the day of my arrival. The lady at the front desk on departure morning clarified that, though I must say bringing a January payment into the hotels account on 7 October seems a strange way to keep books. But the total of this statement exceeded my prepayment by 4.92, and appeared to say this amount was charged to my card on departure. I hope and expect that no attempt is made to recover this amount. A prepaid room is fully prepaid if the hotels charges change between when the stay is prepaid and when the guests arrive, that is the hotels risk. After all, they had my money for nine months. It is not a charge that can legitimately be passed on to the customer.Bruxin,I appreciate you taking time to let us know about the issues you had with the hotel. I am very sorry about the confusion with the prepayment. We just switched out front desk system, and they have been working on it for about a week and a half! The system is not playing well with out credit card swipers causing declines, so we have new ones on order. I have refunded the 4.92 to your credit card. The city implemented a tourism assessment in April causing the difference in your bill. I do heartily apologize for the disappointment in our hotelMelissa AlbertGeneral Managermalbertstcharlesinn.net
Have stayed here twice, and definite improvements were made since the first time. Full hot breakfast, awesome location, great service. Stay during the middle of the week to avoid the weekend upcharges, and become a BW member so you get the free parking!I'm glad to read you were pleased with the changes that have been made at the hotel! Coming during the middle of the week is a great tip. It is less crowded, but there is still always something going on in the city!Also, parking is always included in our rate whether a guest is a Best Western Rewards member or not, but thank you for becoming a member! Thank you for reviewing your stay, and we will see you the next time you visit New Orleans!Kathleen Davis, Front Office Manager
For a 3Star Hotel, we could not have been any happier with our selection! The hotel staff were super nice and efficient, especially Jeana at the front desk and Tatum in house keeping. The lobby is great with a very nice and plentiful breakfast, as well as snacks midday and coffee or lemon infused water all day! Our room was super clean and could not have been nicer, plus having two separate vanities/sinks really spoiled us. There was even a window in the bathroom for FRESH air. We found the French Quarters to be dirty and intimidating at times (so many homeless), so being in this area was another plus...surrounded by beautiful homes, trolley across the street, a few blocks from the Fresh Market grocery and the best bonus of all was the grassy park right next door which came in handy for those late night/early morning potty breaks for our dog. I am so glad that we were unable to find a pet friendly hotel WITH GRASS in the Quarters as we would have been so unhappy and absolutely loved our stay here, and this location for half the price also!! One more thing is parking...it was free and gated They gave us a remote control so we could come and go as we pleased knowing we would always have a free parking space waiting for us at the end of the day. Never saw a manager, but did not need to. Everything ran smooth and efficient. Good job!!
Quaint historical property in the beautiful Garden District. Very friendly and helpful staff. They will take good care of you! The hop on/hop off train is nearby and can get you to wherever you need to go. Restaurants are also nearby and easy to walk to.We appreciate the wonderful feedback! We agree that we have a very convenient location with many destinations within walking distance. We hope you visit New Orleans again!Mollie Sciacca, Asst. General Manager
Tired of expensive big box hotels downtown Stay in the Garden District -Quiet, lovely with lots of good restaurants, lovely houses and you can take the streetcar downtown in 20 minutes. The St. Charles is a great choice - it was comfortable, a good breakfast and helpful staff. I was really glad I stayed here instead of the conference hotel - cheaper too.Eric,I love our location! The Garden District is so much quieter than the French Quarter, but there is still plenty of things to do! Thank you for writing your review! We hope to see you the next time you visit New Orleans!Kathleen Davis, Front Office Manager
Hotel was nice. The St. Charles Trolley line is not working. Taking the buses was not fun - I do not care if they were air conditioned. Check were you have to go to and how to get around. Rooms are small - hard to fit small children.
The staff was soooo friendly and helpful! It really does make all the difference. We loved the location in the Garden District surrounded by beautiful New Orleans style homes and away from all the noise of the French Quarter. The trolley was just out the front door so it was easy to get around.Breakfast was unusually good with a very nice assortment and they even had grab-and-go bags for guests in a hurry. Make-your-own waffles, eggs, sausage, oatmeal, cereals, juice, fruit, yogurt........The beds was really comfortable and there were lots of extra pillows. Nice bathroom toiletries including mouthwash in addition to the basics. We had a refrigerator and microwave plus coffee maker and supplies. There was even a ceiling fan!There was an outdoor terrace for breakfast if you preferred and next door was a very good Mexican restaurant with excellent margaritas! Free parking - which is a true luxury in NOLA.I was so pleased with my choice and I definitely recommend the hotel.Lili,Thank you for reviewing your stay. It sounds like y'all really enjoyed New Orleans and your stay with us! Our breakfast is one of my favorite things about the hotel. It has something for everyone! We will see you the next time you make it to New Orleans!Kathleen Davis, Front Office Manager
Excellent time in an awesome hotel with wonderful a staff. Already booked our room for next year. Can't wait to get back. Great location, great room, great breakfast. Appreciated the option to get from our vehicle to the street without having to walk too far with our chairs and coolers.
We were price gouged on a Saturday night paying over 300 for a one night stay here which wouldn't have been so bad if the room was decent. The hotel staff were terribly unfriendly. We were made to feel as if we were inconveniencing them so we didn't even bother to complain. Our room had it's bathroom window TAPED onto the window frame. Cold air leaked in all night. I would never recommend this place to anyone.
The staff is very welcoming to both you and your dog. You are right on the streetcar line and there are plenty of safe neighborhoods around the hotel to walk your dog. I would highly recommend it. I am a local and stayed here during a house emergency for two weeks. They made a bad experience bearable until I could get back into my house. Thanks so much!V2885MQkarenv, Thank you for taking the time to review our property. We are so happy to hear we were able to ease the transition for you. Please feel free to stop by and see us anytime!
If you are looking for a hotel on St Charles Avenue at a moderate cost, this could be your place. The rooms are clean but practical. The biggest drawback is the limited parking area but there is a garage a half block or so away. The staff is friendly and courteous.
We recently stayed at the Best Western and it was wonderful. Our room was spacious with a frig, microwave and coffee maker. The bathroom was nice size and beds very comfortable. We enjoyed the additional amenities of a celing fan which I loved since I have one in every room at home, this was exceptionally nice. We also had a lighted magnified makeup mirror in the bathroom. The hotel had a hot breakfast everyday included and was very close to the streetcar so you could hop on and get just about everywhere. The staff at the hotel was AWESOME - everyone from the manager, the front desk clerks, the housekeepers and breakfast attendant were very friendly and very helpful. I would stay here again in a heartbeat! Thank you all so much. Unfortunately we were there for a tornado, hurricane with some flooding and the power went out around town and at our hotel so we had to move. The place we moved to was horrible but we had no choice since we had to leave the next day,Mary,I hope that you and your daughter enjoyed Jazz Fest and New Orleans despite the weather! We apologize again that the hotel you moved to was not ideal, but unfortunately it was the best option due to the power outage. Thank you so much for your kind words about our staff. If you all become Jazz Fest regulars please keep us in mind for next year!Melissa Albert, General Manager
The beds were comfortable and the breakfast was above average with fruit and yogurts. Staff were very friendly and helpful genuine interest in their guests, location is great with Tram stop very close direct to City Centre. Safe and gated parking area amazed me. Another thing about the location, St Charles Street is very wide with green space (for the trolley), trees, and historical homes in a nice neighborhood. I will definitely book this place again.We appreciate your review and business greatly! Hope to have you stay with us again.
This hotel is conveniently located with the street car running directly in front of it for easy access. They provide free breakfast which includes a variety of items, evening snack, free Wifi and free parking.B3031QVmarym, We are glad to hear you enjoyed your amenities and the convenience of our property. We are thrilled to know you enjoyed your time here and cant wait to see you next time.
We felt this hotel was perfect for taking the trolley to every location. Clean, Comfortable Bed, Air Conditioning worked great, breakfast was a hot Continental breakfast but you could grab juices and water out of the fridge in the lobby without charge and they always had fresh baked cookies. We were wanting to stay near the French Quarter but they were booked up and we were so glad we ended up staying in the Garden District. It was a nicer area and only took a short ride by trolley to get to the French Quarter and down to the Casino. We had secure parking. When we first checked in, we had a problem with our remote and the maintenance man came immediately and fixed the issue immediately. We had great recommendations from the front dest clerk. Just a very pleasant stay on a 2 month trip we were on.Maggie, thank you for taking the time to review your stay! I'm glad we were a fun spot on your two month trip! Even though we are not located in the French Quarter, we are so close that you can still easily get there and enjoy all it has to offer. Then after you explore there, you can come back and enjoy our quieter neighborhood! I hope you had a great road trip! We will see you the next time you visit New Orleans!Kathleen Davis, Front Office Manager
Staff very pleasant and helpful, price was right, loved the front porch, right on the trolley line which took us to great househunting, great Mexican restaurant next door, convenient to everything we were doingThanks for your review.
This hotel was a great value and location for my wife and I in New Orleans. Located right off the trolley lines and midway between Tulane U. and downtown. The staff was extremely helpful with recommendations and our needs, especially Mollie and Janae. This location is also a quick walk to Magazine St. for great dining and bars. I'd recommend Rum House to anyone for dinner. The hotel was quiet, clean, offered an OK breakfast, had a workout room (but running on the trolley greenway is perfect) and business room. One of the best hotel values I've stayed at in a while.
Best staff ever. Good price. Great location for The Garden District and Tulane. Steps away from St. Charles Streetcar. Short walk to Magazine Street. Breakfast only okay, but the best they can do. Parking is always available, but closer parking permits are limited so you may have to park a block away. Safe neighborhood. Only problem: toilet seats don't stay up.Thank you so much for your review! We always enjoy seeing you. I'm glad to read that we are your favorite place to stay in New Orleans! Our breakfast, location, and parking make us a convenient hotel for visiting the city, especially the Garden District and Tulane.We look forward to seeing the next time you are in town!Kathleen Davis, Front Office Manager
Was in New Orleans for wedding and this hotel was excellent! Right on streetcar line which was great. Very clean and comfortable! The staff were friendly and helpful when checking in. The staff also kept the building very clean and I especially enjoyed the fresh coffee all day!I'm so glad you had a great stay while you were in town for a wedding! Our staff enjoys making everyone feel comfortable when they visit. Please visit us again, and enjoy some more fresh coffee the next time you are in town! Kathleen DavisFront Office Manager
Location was perfect. Service was very good. Loved our room. So cozy but with plenty of room. Decor was nice. Safe place to park your vehicle. Trolley came right by the hotel and took us to Bourbon street. Nice restaurant nearby. I would def. stay here again when coming to NOLA. It sounds like you and your family had a great trip to New Orleans! I'm glad y'all enjoyed your room and our location. We are close to a lot of great places, but not too far away from other attractions in the city.Let us know when you are ready to plan your next trip here!Kathleen Davis, Front Office Manager
I had the chance to stay at this hotel during my first visit to LA. The rooms were nice, the beds were comfy, and the food was good. Within walking distance of many great places to eat and just a few blocks from the trolly to the French Quarter, I couldnt have asked for a better place to stay. I am hoping to return to my new found home away from home for Mardi Gras 2013 but think I will bring some friends with me too.
stayed here for five nights.first impression good, front staff very helpful and friendly. Got to room,No View! all we saw were airconditioning units and the noise was annoying. Toilet wasnt clean, skid marks from previous person. This problem quickly rectified. Airconditioner in room very noisy. Shower head came flying off. horrible odour in bathroom after heavy rain. Breakfast was good. Great place to eat next door, but lots of choice around. short walk to Magazine st and Garden district.Thank you for taking time to review our hotel. I'm sorry you were not completely satisfied with your stay. I am glad you enjoyed your breakfast here, and you were able to explore and enjoy the great area we are located in. I hope that you will consider staying with us again so that we can have another chance to provide you with a superior experience.Kathleen DavisFront Office Manager
This is a well maintained property. Its location is convenient for touring NOLA. The St. Charles Street trolleys right out the front door and can take you all the way to the French Quarter. Parking is limited. The room is not large but accommodating. The staff was all very friendly and helpful. The hotel is located in the very secure Garden District with restaurants within walking distance or a short trolly ride. Convenient location!
This is not a luxury hotel. I give it five stars because of location, parking, cleanliness , but most of all for the staff. Sitting in the lobby is like being an honored guest in someone's home. Great breakfast, fruit and cheese or fresh baked cookies in the evening. Great veranda for watching the world go by. I have stayed there two times and will again I hope. Street car stops in front and takes you to canal St to explore the French quarterThank you for taking the time to review your stay Ann! I'm glad your group enjoyed your time visiting the city and our hotel. Our lobby and veranda are great places to relax after exploring the city all day. Let us know the next time you are ready to stay with us! We will be here to help you plan your trip!Kathleen Davis, Front Office Manager
If you're looking for a quiet and peaceful stay in a historic neighborhood, this hotel would be wonderful choice. Traveling from the hotel to the French Quarter takes approximately 20-30 minutes (depending on your means of transportation). You can pick up the streetcar near the hotel (though some of the lines are currently undergoing construction and buses are used as replacements). The hotel has free onsite parking (though the parking spaces immediately adjacent to the hotel are somewhat limited) and free breakfast. The rooms are average sized, with two sinks an added bonus. The front desk staff was extremely helpful and efficient. I would definitely stay here again.
This was my first time staying at this hotel. There were many pros and a few cons. First the pros - the price was great and parking was FREE. Yes, you read that correctly. FREE. Very few hotels in New Orleans have free parking. The parking was also secured. Hotel staff were fantastic - all were very friendly and eager to please their guests. The location was terrific - on St.Charles Avenue. You could sit outside on the small patio and watch the streetcar go by. Great place for people watching too. Excellent Tex-Mex restaurant next door. The hotel is small, so not so many people that you get lost in the crowd. Breakfast was outstanding. Lots of choices for a small hotel. It was also quiet. I particularly liked the reading library loan option on my floor (2nd) and enjoyed a John Grisham novel while I was staying there. There were only a few cons - my room was musty and seemed damp. The elevator was broken while I was there, but the hotel staff did offer to carry my bags up and down. I'm planning another trip to NOLA in the near future and will go back to see if things have improved a bit.Thank you for taking the time to review our property. I'm glad that you enjoyed the hotel despite the out-of-order elevator. I apologize that you were inconvenienced in any way. We would love to have another opportunity to provide you with superior service and hope that you will stay with us again the next time you plan a trip to New Orleans!Mollie Sciacca, Asst. General Manager
The front desk staff was wonderful and as helpful as can be. This was especially true, when our room had mold on the windows and drapes and smelled of damp. We were immediately moved to the only other available room, which, unfortunately also had mold (this time in bathroom) and damp. It was supposed to be a more expensive room because it overlooked St Charles Street, which under cover of night seems to have lots of inebriated individuals and street pharmacists doing business. We couldn't use the elevator for a short time after the ceiling fell in on another guest and had to be repaired. The bed was comfortable and would have contributed to a good nights sleep except for the damp smell. Both the room we started with and the room we eventually slept in were a bit small for two twin beds and a family of four with teenagers.The staff made sure the rest of our four-night reservation was cancelled and let us keep our car in the secured parking lot while we explored the French Quarter the next day even after we had checked out. They were helpful despite our unpleasant stay due circumstances beyond their control. Because of the helpfulness and friendliness of the front desk staff, I wish that I could give this hotel a higher rating, but as we could not even stay past the first night of our reservation (and then only because it was late and dark and we had no other place to go), I could not recommend this hotel.David,I'm very sorry we did not exceed your expectations during your stay. The issues you encountered have been addressed by housekeeping. We have rooms with two double beds and one king bed. I'm sorry the room with two double beds seemed small for your family. I hope your time in New Orleans was enjoyable and you were able to see a lot while site-seeing after you checked out. We always want to accommodate our guests by letting them their cars with us a little longer!Again, I am very sorry you did not enjoy your stay. I hope you will consider staying with us again, so we can have a chance to provide you with excellent service. Kathleen Davis, Front Office Manager
Not kid friendly !We went as a family for my 33rd Birthday for a zoo trip and the noise on the last night was so loud I kept waking up from sleep and hard a hard time getting up for plans the next day and tired all day I would never stay here again!We are very sorry your recent stay with us did not exceed your expectations. We will use your feedback to provide better service in the future, and hope you will give us another chance to make it right. -Best Western Hotels Resorts
I was surprised to see granite countertops and modern room for the price I was paying. My kids even commented it wasn't a cheap looking room. The free buffet breakfast was great. The staff was very friendly. There was a great restaurant next door for lunch and dinner. The lounge was very cozy. I felt very safe. They provided free parking were your car was in a locked parking lot. They gave us a remote control to go in and out of gate. We just had to remember to give back the gate remote. The hotel gave a friendly note under your door the morning of check out to remember. I will definitely stay again.
We stayed here with our daughter and two small dogs. The staff was very attentive to all our needs. Our dogs were greeted by friendly staff on arrival with dog treats and each time we left and returned to the hotel. The room and beds were great. Located on St Charles cable car line making it easy to catch the cable car to the zoo or to the French Quarter. We will certainly be staying at this inn on future returns to New Orleans. My wife says she is going to bring friends so they can set out side on courtyard in front of hotel and watch the cable car and the tree lined street.Thank you for taking the time to review your stay with us! We love when guests bring their pets! Treats are always kept at the front desk. We will see you the next time you come to town. Your wife and her friends will enjoy relaxing on our patio. It is a great area to enjoy some downtime on your trip!Kathleen Davis, Front Office Manager
Beautiful hotel. Great location. Rooms are comfortable and relatively clean. Service is marginal at best. Front desk is nothing but warm body zombies. Night Auditor Jen is a nightmare!!! She obviously hates people and hates her job. Just too bad she takes it out on the guests instead of getting therapy.I am sorry that your stay was not all that it could have been. Please be assured that I will address your issues with my staff. We hope you give us another try when you are back in the area.Melissa AlbertGeneral Manager
Courteous staff. Great breakfast. Reasonable price for location. Room was small but still accommodating. Parking is gated and free. Short walk to the streetcar stop. About 15 minute ride to French quarter on streetcardanieltH2559VQ. Thank you for the kind words. We are so glad you enjoyed your stay and cant wait ot see you next time you are in the city.
I stayed at this location in early December. While the room was clean and the location decent, the hotel DID NOT have hot water (staff claimed there was an issue). The staff further didn't take any steps to resolve the issue, it was as though I was a bother to them. I'd accept the behavior if this was a low end hotel, but this is a mid-range Best Western. Guests deserve better.I do apologize that you felt we did not take your complaint seriously. The pump went out on our boiler. We called the repair service and had the pump replaced by the afternoon. I assure you we take all guest complaints seriously and act to rectify the situation. Thank you for reporting your issue.Melissa AlbertGeneral Manager
Excellent hotel with easy access to Bourbon St. Customer service was top notch. anything that was need was just a phone call away or a stop at the front desk. Staff was very knowledgeable of the area around. 5 stars for sure!!!
Staying in NOLA during Jazzfest-I opt to not stay in the French Quarter-too congested and noisy then. This is a perfect location for me: easy to go to CBD and Quarter (by car or Streetcar) and free parking. And easy to go to the Uptown area restaurants and clubs. Staff is super, and genuinely nice.There is so much to do when Jazzfest is going on in New Orleans! It sounds like you had a great time while you were here for it. Thank you for taking the time to review your stay with us. I'll pass along your compliments to the staff! Give us a call the next time you are ready to visit New Orleans!
We had a great experience at the St. Charles Inn. Our stay with BW Plus' are always great. The staff were very friendly, beds nice and comfy too. Secure parking and right on the trolley line so it could not have been more convenient for site-seeing. Breakfast was good, nice selection to choose from. We will definitely stay here on our next visit!I hope you were able to do a lot of site-seeing while staying with us! I'm glad you enjoyed our location, breakfast, and staff. Give us a call when you are ready to come back! Thank you for reviewing your stay!Kathleen Davis, Front Office Manager
I wasn't at all familiar with Best Western Plus, only the slightly dated plain Best Westerns. Now, when I want to be on St. Charles Ave., I'll call them first. The superb location is only eclipsed by the clean, spacious front porch of the hotel. Tables and chairs afford visitors a grand viewing area for watching the joggers, cyclists and streetcars. The front desk was staffed by two of the most competent and friendly employees ever. They were knowledgeable about the area and very accommodating.
Was very convenient. Only complaint was slowness of check in and out due to a new computer system that staff was not familiar with. Although they were extremely nice it was very slow. My room mate and I wanted our bill split which they were not able to do.
Overall, a really good experience! The rooms were very clean and comfortable. Staff were extremely friendly and helpful we felt very welcomed. Also, the bus and train car were easily accessible and it was very easy to travel to Canal Street and the French Quarter.We are so pleased that you enjoyed your stay. We hope to see you again for future Essence Fests! Melissa Albert General Manager malbertstcharlesinn.net
Excellent Staff. Clean Rooms. Location is next to Superior Grill which makes it nice for a quick drink or food, also located on St Charles you can jump on the street car and hit the quarter within 5-10 min ride. Local bars and Restaurants in the area and close to Audubon Park. Secure parking.DavidLCoburn, Thank your for reviewing our proiperty. We are thrilled you enjoyed your stay and amenities we provide daily. Please feel free to estay with us again next time you are in the Big Easy!
My Husband and I are thrilled that we chose Best Western St. Charles as our hotel for the week. We were greeted by very nice people, and I was overjoyed to see a lighted make-up mirror in the room since I was in town for a Wedding. The room was beautiful and the neighborhood was wonderful. With the trolley right outside we were able to jump into the French Quarter or go the opposite way to enjoy a stroll in the park very easily. The breakfast was delicious and during the day you can also munch on cheese and grapes. The staff was terrific, and extremely nice to everyone. I cannot say enough good things about this sweet hotel... but to say I will definitely stay here again when I return to Louisiana.Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel Val! I'm glad to read you enjoyed our location, breakfast, and staff! We look forward to seeing you the next time you are in town!Kathleen DavisFront Office Manager
Although this hotel isn't new or particularly fancy I would stay here again because the staff was so helpful and friendly. The streetcar line is right out front and adds to the convenience of staying here.
The St. Charles Best Western, located in New Orleans' famed Garden District offered EVERYTHING we were looking for during a first-time stay in New Orleans. Safe, quiet neighborhood, free parking, great rates, clean, spacious rooms, wonderful staff, and free breakfast. What a bargain!Although the St. Charles trolley wasn't operating due to road construction during our stay, it was just a short drive to the French Quarter, museums, the paddle-wheeler, Natchez, and the Gray Line Tour departure center. Hungry travelers should also know that there is a wonderful Mexican restaurant right next door. It's open late and serves a widely varied menu.
We've stayed there several different times over the past few years and it's always been a very pleasant experience. Never had issues with the quality of the rooms or the professional staff. Can't say enough positive about the hotel. Keep up the good work.
I did not like the fact that my card on file was previous charged before I checkin and I had the hardest time getting my funds credited back because one of the rooms reserved was done with cash upon arrival.Kristina,For all special events in New Orleans our reservations are full prepaid, so guests get charged before arrival. This was stated during your reservation process. We do this for events like Mardi Gras, Jazz Fest, Essence Fest, and graduation weekends. I'm sorry if this caused any confusion, but it is our policy. Kathleen Davis, Front Office Manager
Great place to stay - very convenient location - right on St Charles Avenue - streetcar stop only steps away. Breakfast was excellent, room very comfortable - really liked the two separate sinks and in-room safe. Parking included - a real plus. Staff was very friendly, cheerful, and helpful. I prefer the quiet atmosphere and beautiful homes of the Garden District.Donna,We are so happy that you enjoyed your stay with us. Our staff members try very hard to make sure guests have a comfortable experience when they are away from home. Please consider our hotel again the next time you're in New Orleans!Melissa Albert, General Manager
My husband, 10 yr old son and I visited the Henry Howard Hotel recently for an overnight trip to New Orleans. The hotel itself is in a renovated historic home and has been beautifully updated and decorated. We usually stay in the French Quarter, so this was a nice opportunity to see another part of a great city. This was... More
My husband, 10 yr old son and I visited the Henry Howard Hotel recently for an overnight trip to New Orleans. The hotel itself is in a renovated historic home and has been beautifully updated and decorated. We usually stay in the French Quarter, so this was a nice opportunity to see another part of a great city. This was... More
The staff here is horrible and the manager sucks!! The hotel was dirty and the bathrooms were disgusting and had no soap, the manager was extremely rude and inconsiderate and I will make sure none of my friends or family goes here, they are mean.
We travel to New Orleans every couple of years. We do not like big hotels so we seek out smaller properties. We had been staying in a BB but it changed hands and was no longer up to our standards. We always admired the cornstalk fence in front of this hotel and decided to give it a try. It is... More
The Mercantile Hotel was great. I stayed there for one night with a group of five friends including me to celebrate my friends birthday. We stayed in two bedroom suite. The suite was updated with modern design had two TVs a living room with mini fridge, microwave, and keuring. We stayed on the 3rd floor no real view there was parking garage on the other side. The only thing it needs is a pool. The hotel does have a gym and offer free wife. The record player was also a big hit with my friends. I did my reservation through Groupon. Thank you so much for taking the time to review your stay with us, Sandraev1. We are so happy to hear that you enjoyed a 5-star stay with us. We hope to welcome you back soon! -Ryann
I was down for the 43rd Bayou Classics and it was a great first time stay the Aloft Hotel. The staff and service was great and on point. I was amazed at the entrance, I played a little pool lol with my wife!!!! Great stay and I will definitely stay here next year. Wonderful! Thanks for making us your hotel of choice when you come back.
this is a converted hotel from some prior something...rooms a bit small but you aren't there but to sleep when in the Big Easy....nice yet not luxurious which is why i say middle of the road. Great staff. We go a few times of year - will be on the list of options to be sure - block of canal at Baronne...big plusWe'll take it! See you again next visit,Dixie Krauss, Director of Operations
Me and my husband stayed during Mardi Gras. Room was okay, some of details need to be cleaned though. Breakfast is expensive, I would recommend to go somewhere local place to have brrakfast since this hotel is located near French Quarter. Nice to have mini fridge in a room so we could store bottle of water and so on. Parking fee is almost 40 per a day, which is very expensive. We appreciate you taking the time to provide us with some great feedback. You're right, there are MANY, MANY great places around to grab breakfast and our front desk and concierge would be happy to assist you in finding somewhere that fits your liking. Thank you for staying with us, we certainly hope your Mardi Gras experience was a great one!See you again next year,Dixie Krauss, Operations Manager
A friend recommended the Aloft, after we had chosen another hotel. We made the switch and were pleased with our experience. We travel often to Europe and felt the European character. My wife and I do not need a lot of amenities-but their exercise room and bar were enough. Since the 'Big Easy' has plenty of excellent restaurants and this hotel was within a very few blocks of the heart of the French Quarter, we did not expect a full restaurant. I would mention that next time I would want to be told that my room did not have windows!!Simple, comfortable and all you need. We do have some great views for your next visit, be sure to book the Aloft rooms so we are able to find the best one for you.Dixie Krauss, Director of Operations
The service at the Aloft New Orleans is truly wonderful! The rooms are very clean and nicely laid out. The fitness center is very spacious and with a good variety of equipment. An access card is required to visit any of the room floors in the hotel, which is a great security measure. Overall it is definitely a property I would return to. That's what we like to hear! Thanks so much for staying with us and sharing your review. Cant wait to have you back again soon,Dixie Krauss, Assistant General Manager
I booked this hotel after reading reviews on trip advisor and it was a really good choice. The hotel is clean, comfortable and very well kept. It's got a very modern, urban decor which may not be to everyone's taste but I loved it! My room was pretty huge and the bathroom was great with everything I needed. There was an in room safe, air conditioner and hair dryer so all the usual amenities. All the staff I met were very friendly and helpful. The hotel is just out of the centre, about five minutes walk from Bourbon street and the French Quarter so very handy for the bars and restaurants, there are also a couple of supermarkets nearby. The hotel bar is very nice too.
Room temperature could not be controlled. Adjusting the thermostat was evidently a placebo. Upon check out I was told I would be emailed a copy of my bill. Stayed in the room Tuesday, on Friday still no email. Made reservation through travel agent. While on the road called travel agent mid-afternoon on my scheduled arrival date to cancel and re-book a different city. To the surprise of travel agent hotel imposes a required three day notice of cancellation policy rather than the industry standard same day before 6:00PM. Travel agent called hotel direct and was told I could cancel, but they would still charge my card. Of course this gave them the opportunity to charge me and then possibly still rent the room to another party, while I would be stuck paying them as well as another hotel for a room. I travel about 40 weeks a year thus I have a least 40 opportunities to never again stay in an Aloft hotel, plus I might remember to warn all my fellow travelers.Well it certainly sounds like we didn't get it right for you and for that I sincerely apologize. We do in fact have a 72 hour cancellation policy that would have been clearly stated on the reservation when your travel agent booked so it certainly seems they would have informed you of that especially if you have a volatile schedule. Even so we hate to lose you and would love the opportunity to recover the situation if at all possible. Please feel free to reach out to me directly at ktaglaueraloftneworleansdowntown. Safe travels and here's hoping you give us another opportunity.
Ideal location in quieter place off Canal within walking distance of loud French Quarters. Corner room was nice, modern and spacious for four. Need bathroom fan and better housekeeping! Lobby, lounge and bar were great...family really enjoyed the pool table and multiple board games scattered throughout. Additional perk was allowing our dog! Made all feel quite at home! We sure do love our four legged family members and we are happy to accommodate them while traveling with our guests. Thank you for your feedback and we look forward to having you back again soon!Yours in hospitality,Dixie Krauss, Operations Manager
We live in a tradionally decorated home so enjoyed the stark modern decor as a change. Everything was new and functional and uncluttered. Nice touches of safe, refrigerator, bottled water and were appreciated. .It is always to stay somewhere that's a little different by design and we are glad you enjoyed it!
Very fun looking property. Pool table in the lobby and board games in the bar. The room was large and sunny--modern furnishings and fixtures. The bed was comfortable. But....it felt a bit rundown. The carpet was threadbare and not that clean. The cleaner they use for the shower to prevent mold was so smelly I had to close the door to the shower room so I could sleep. I pity the housekeeping staffforhaving to breathe that every day. There was no tv remote in the room. And the valet parking system was problematic. You can call down to the desk 5 to minutes before you need your car. Both times I. Did that and the desk didn't let the valets know. I had to still wait, and they have to drive all the way around two blocks to get you your car. Not the best system. Needs better management and thought into all there procedures. We truly appreciate the honest observations and can certainly bring those to the team for improvement. Thanks for staying with us and hope that you give us another opportunity the next time you're in town.
Ultra-modern hotel with a very friendly and efficient staff. Hotel was within easy walking district to Bourbon Street and the French Quarter. Fortunately, there were a number of restaurants nearby for breakfast (not included in price). Car parking was rather expensive at 40 per day.Sounds like we had everything you needed for your stay. See you again soon!
I stay in a lot of hotels, especially for work, and I have to say, this was probably the best one overall, in terms of layout and provisions. My room was big (plenty of room for yoga). It had a large window, which had two blinds, one of which was blackout and in rails. This was amazing- it actually blocked the light out so I could sleep. It is actually very rare to find a hotel that has proper curtains or blinds that fully block the light out. The bed was comfy, and it had squishy feather/down pillows, which I love. The layout of the room was great- the fridge was under the sink not in the bedroom (great that there was a fridge) the shower space was large and actually had a shelf on which to put your bathroom products! Amazing! And amazingly useful! The shower space was large enough that you could turn it on and not get wet, and your shower products were not in the water, either. The room had a big TV on the wall opposite the bed, which had lots of pillows cushions to sit up on watch TV. The desk was a useful size, and had a plug hub (both electricity USB) (yay!). My only two gripes about the room were that there was no top sheet, which I find is far too common in Europe sometimes the USA, and I will never understand, because it can be too hot for a duvet and that there was only one towel hook in the bathroom, which would be awkward if you were two people. I did had to ask for more coat hangers, although that was no problem. I really liked that if you didn't get your room made-up, you got a voucher for the food/bar. That covered my brekky every morning! I did have some issue with noisy guests on my floor, but of course that's not the hotel's fault. The bar is pretty nice, with some very tasty drinks (pineapple chipotle margarita, anyone!) and a good atmosphere.
There is a lot to recommend about this hotel. First and foremost is the location, it is near enough the French Quarter - two blocks across Canal St. - the streetcar lines, downtown, the Garden District, to be very convenient for most of what you might want to do in NOLA. The rooms are very clean, well appointed, comfortable though can be on the small side. And be warned, they do have some rooms that don't have windows. If you are at all claustrophobic you want to make sure that you aren't in one of those. The rooms are quiet and the service in the hotel is good. There is a serve yourself snack and breakfast bar downstairs and prices are okay, but if you really want breakfast or snacks - YOU'RE IN NEW ORLEANS - many far better options are not far away. Prices can be a little high for rooms, but you can usually find a good deal if you look around a bit. They are competitive in any event. It is somewhat more of a young person's, have fun in NOLA kind of hotel than it is a family venue. I'll be staying there again most likely when I am in town.We gained another loyal guest and we are so excited about that! Thanks for your review and we look forward to having you back.
The Aloft New Orleans Downtown take from you, they do not honor reservations and confirmations.My reservation was made Jan. 3 fr Feb 10-12 for 3 friends birthdays. On arrival I again confirmed that my reservation and rate would be honored and was told YES at front desk by Jamal that checked us in. At check out, I was over charged OVER 300 and told that there was a glitch in their system which was never relayed to me till Monday after 2 emails and a voice mail.THEY ARE THIEVES DO NOT STAY THERE!!!!!!!!!!!We appreciate you reaching out again. As we discussed, it is our policy to honor contracted group rates as we did in your situation. Thanks for staying with us.
This hotel is amazing. Love the rooms and the service. I will be staying here every summer when u come to New Orleans. Perfect location and just all around a great place to stay. Love the little bar and serviceYou're making us blush! Thanks so much for the kind words, we cant wait to see you again next year. Dixie Krauss, Assistant General Manager
Really liked this hotel. Funky setting, friendly staff, quick easy painless check-in and check out. Good facilities (gym, roof top pool, bar in the lobby, snacks, drinks available in lobby. Room was cool. I will look for Aloft hotels in the future based on my stay here. Thank you for your feedback. Glad you liked the hotel and the Aloft Brand! We will see you again soon,Dixie Krauss, Director of Operations
The hotel is well located between Poydras and Canal, minutes from the streetcar and not far from the noisy Quarter. I was happily surprised the staff was genuinely nice and helpful, the property was nice, and would certainly return here.Convenience to the street car stop makes it easy to get around New Orleans and Aloft New Orleans Downtownl is just a block and a half from it. Thanks for the great remarks about our team and hope you return soon.
This room was HUGE. very modern design. Great location, near the French Quarter. I can't say enough good things about this room(1602). One of the nicest I've ever stayed in. I would love to stay there again, and I would highly recommend it to anyone.Love the XX02 rooms!! Because we are a historic property, we have multiple room layouts and that my friend is a good one!! We hope to have you back again on your next trip. Dixie Krauss, Director of Operations
We've never stayed at Aloft hotels before, but This is a Great hotel with very friendly staff in a great location! We will definitely stay here again when we come back to visit New Orleans. I would definitely recommend this hotel.That's fantastic! We look forward to your next visit. Dixie Krauss, Director of Operations
We stayed at the Inn for 3 nights and it truly was the best part of the trip! Kim was friendly, engaging and very knowledgeable about places to go and things to see in NO. The Inn was gorgeous - you felt like you were stepping back into the elite NOLA south. Kim provided outstanding breakfasts and made us feel right at home as she sat down and joined us in friendly conversation. Would return just for the Inn alone (as long as Kim is still there)!You are so kind. It is a pleasure!!!
If you've stayed at an Ace Hotel before, you'll know what to expect, and this new branch doesn't disappoint. Fantastic, hip, inventive design. Really friendly greeting from the doormen and reception staff. Very cool and lively bar. Interesting quirky room (and very spacious compared to London and New York) with some great furniture and touches (like a guitar). Shower room... More
Had a great stay at this hotel on our way to Texas for the 35th Veterans Wheelchair Games in Dallas. The Marriott is located well, surrounded for shopping centers and restaurants. The rooms are very clean and comfortable. This is a great town to stay in for a rest of whatever. I enjoyed my stay very much.
The hotel is nice - redone, fresh, and rather nice - both rooms and the physical plant. But the people make this hotel. Alexis is FANTASTIC - from calling for reservation to first impression to ensuring satisfaction. Thank you Alexis. The gym equipment is a built older but actually better than most Courtyards - and has tvs on it that... More
We arrived October 26, 2018. We used the hotel's underground parking garage. Bryan, a hotel empolyee who opened the parking garage security gate, assisted us with parking our car by directing my husband into a parking spot. While Bryan, stood behind our car, he directed my husband into backing into a very tight parking space. Bryan continued to direct my husband while he backed into the space until Bryan said you are on the wall! When my husband pulled forward we saw massive areas of paint had been scraped off our car. NOT once did Bryan indicate the car was about to hit the wall. Bryan never apologized. We told Michael,who was working at the front desk, about the incident. But because we had friends waiting on us for dinner we did not fill out an Incident Report at that time. When we returned later that night we spoke to Ruby ( who was working at the front desk) about the incident and she advised us that we needed to talk to Candice Hudson, GM, who would be in the next morning betweem 9-10AM. We were then given a Wyndham Garden Incident Report form. The next morning we went to talk to Ms. Hudson only to be told she would not be in. But we did ask to see the security video tape of the incident which an empolyee showed us. We then asked who could we talk to about an incident report with and we were told Ms. Elysia Smith, manager on duty. When we had the opportunity to speak with Ms. Elysia Smith her immediate response: was since my husband was driving the vehicle then the hotel had no liability even though her empolyee directed my husband into the space. I asked for a copy of the incident report we had completed and was told by Ms. Elysia Smith we could not have one (as copies are prohibited). An empolyee suggested we take a picture of the report and Ms. Smith immediatley chastised him for his suggestion. WE are extremely disappointed the way the accident was handled. If Wynndham wants hard line, no empathy, and rude general managers then Ms. Smith is a perfect fit. As of October 26-27, 2018 there is no signage in the garage to direct traffic to exit. The concrete columns in the garage are huge and straddle two parking spaces. According to Bryan, the coulmns are wrapped to prevent cars from scrapping them--so the hotel must expect all the columns to be hit. Our hotel room was spacious as it was a handicapp accessible room and the beds were comfortable. The interior of the hotel is beautiful and spacious. Good location for walking to Canal Street and the Quarter. But with management's attidude toward us, our visit was not pleasureable and we will not stay there again.Thank you for taking the time to write a review on your most recent stay with us. We apologize if your stay was not 100 satisfactory for we do value your business and strive to ensure every guest experience is positive. Most of our guests have a positive experience and we again, apologize if yours was not. We will be sure to pass along your comments to our staff members so we can make the necessary changes and hopefully, win back your business in the future.
MoreMore
The location on the St. Charles Avenue street car line was perfect, and the price was right for our brief stay. We were looking for a comfortable place to rest for the night, and Historic Streetcar Inn filled the bill. Nothing fancy, but adequate for...MoreDear Frankie E, We are happy that the hotel was accommodating to your needs. Thank you for sharing your review with us. Regards,
Staff members repeatedly entered my moms room late at night (there was no door latch) without her permission and invaded her privacy. The building manager was apologetic and offered a 15 discount. My mom was assured that senior management would contact her, and no one has. My room smelled of mildew and the bathroom was dingy. The shower dropped all night and kept me awake.
I was really looking forward to this hotel. The website made it look pretty cute. I did read the reviews but generally take reviews with a grain of salt do to disgruntled people leaving the majority of them. however I became part of the disgruntled group. there was no cleaning service while we were in the hotel room. We had to ask for new linens and new towels and only received new towels. The Linens had a distinct bleach stain on them that we could identify that they had never been changed. The linens are not fitted sheets they were just tucked in top sheets so by the end of the night we were looking at the disgusting mattress. it's a shame cuz if this hotel was managed properly it would be a gem. located in a prime spot on st-charles right next to a trolley stop and in a very cute historic building. unfortunately the cleanliness or lack thereof was a major turnoff. I specifically chose this hotel because it looked like a mom and pop but quickly learned my lesson. I will be visiting and specifically staying in a corporate Hotel upon our next trip to New Orleans because I know a corporate Hotel will have quality standards. I was overall very disappointed.
The location is fabulous if you want to be in the French Quarter. Rooms are a little dated, but nice, still quiet even though it's one block off Bourbon street, and the Bombay Club bar/restaurant was great. I would come back and would recommend. I would say this is an epitomy of a New Orleans old charm hotel.Thank you for sharing your feedback regarding your stay! We work hard to meet expectations and were happy that we hit the mark. We hope to have the pleasure of hosting you again during your next visit to New Orleans!
Here for two nights for an LSU game. Room was okay, adequate, very small. It was clean but has seen a LOT of wear and tear. The hotel lobby bar was also very small. Stay here for convenience of location.
I am sure at some point this was a grand hotel but those days are long gone. They are doing a massive renovation inside and out but how they are doing it makes for a terrible room experience. They are going to expand the rooms by 3 feet out to the outer ledge of the outside of the building out... More
I stayed here with my sister for a show that was being done in the hotel! I absolutely loved this hotel, from the courtesy of everyone there to the rooms being so nice and best of all great comfortable beds with lots of pillows! I would recommend this hotel very highly!!
Stayed here 2x over the past month. They start a major renovation soon which is much needed. The concierge lounge is cozy and welcoming where I met some nice fellow travelers. The food was good. While my room was large and spacious the decor was tired. The location is right beside I-10 where the road noise is loud. Hope the... More
this was a excellent choice for me and my family, we were there for 5 days and was not ready to leave. If ever back in New Orleans I won't have to look far for a nice place to reside while I'm here.I took the time to do a review because I often read them to help me make a decision. Only one thing I didn't like but every h.tel now does it is a 20.00 or more to park in their parking lot. If you are there for more than three days I think there should be a charge. So only 1 complaint for a 5 day stay is pretty darn good,
We stay there in July of 2012 for 2 nights, It was a very nice hotel. We was wanting something a little closer to Bourbon Street but they were all full, so this was the only place that has vacancy and I loved it! Clean, the room are very clean and the bathrooms were also, and everyone there was so nice. If we go back this is where we would stay at.Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel. We greatly appreciate your business and hope you choose us the next time you come to New Orleans.
The Best Western PLUS French Quarter has it all: LOCATION, value, amenities, service, management. We will stay here again and again. Walk out the door and you are a short walk to all the excitement of the French Quarter. Return and enjoy a dip in the courtyard pool and a drink in the hotel lounge. Get up the next morning and enjoy a great hot breakfast with lots of delicious BACON. It felt like a Caribbean holiday, only in NEW ORLEANS!
The hotel is only 3 blocks to Bourbon Street, and walking distance to Canal street and the Riverfront. This was our second visit to New Orleans and on this occasion the hotel prices were considerably more expenisive and as a result decided to stay here as this was the best deal available.The exterior of the hotel was a little tired and at first we thought that this would be the same for our room but we were pleasantly surprised that it was recently renovated.Breakfast is included in the rate which was great as there was a variety of options with a nice sitting area looking out to the pool and garden area.Overall a great place to stay.
We were able to check in early which saved a lot of hassle for us. The staff was always friendly to us. The location is fantastic and we were able to walk everywhere. Breakfast was good and had a lot of options. Will stay here again!Thank you Hannah for taking the time to review our hotel. We are happy you enjoyed your stay with us and hope for your next visit we will be able to show you a 5-star experience!
Arrived late Friday night. The front desk was very accommodating once we arrived. We were there to run a half marathon on Sunday and the start line was right out our front door. A few blocks off of Bourbon Street which was really nice to do but walkable, uber, streetcar. Just however you chose to get around. Room was spacious and clean, the staff cleaning was very nice. We didn't get our room cleaned on Saturday but were given fresh towels and wash clothes. Requested a late check out which was granted while we piddle around town bc our flight was at 6:30. I would recommend staying especially at the price.Hello Guest,Thank you for taking the time to leave us with feedback after your departure. I would like to thank you for such a wonderful review on behalf of the entire staff. We work hard to make sure our guests are happy and are always humbled to know when this shines through! Thank you so much for choosing to stay with us and we hope you will stay with us again soon!Teresa Munoz - Revenue Manager
Wonderful Place to stay, People very friendly and helpful, it was clean well taken care of, Breakfast and pool was Great. Close to places you would want to see in New Orleans and the French Quarter. Close to Bourbon, Canal Streets, Bus Stop right there, Park across the street.
This hotel was lovely. I am very observant to everything that goes on around me. If I see something I do not like, I keep it to myself. I did not see anything at all wrong with this hotel. The location was fantastic!! The service was the best I've ever encountered in traveling. If there are any complaints at all about this hotel...it's probably from miserable people who hate their lives.
This is a nice hotel. It is located in the back of the French Quarter so it's not too loud. Overall experience was nice. My only issue is the parking rate. There was no information regarding a parking fee during booking. Parking is 20-30 per day. I had to pay almost 100 just for parking, and was also billed 100 for incidental fees which is refunded after check out. Kind of a bummer on a trip where these were additional fees.Dear Shuwanda, I am glad you enjoyed our hotel during your stay. I apologize for the confusion on the hotel parking fee's. If you would like to further discuss please contact the hotel. Thank you for staying with us and we greatly appreciate it.
This small, almost boutique hotel on the boundary of the French Quarter offers a quiet respite from the hullabaloo of Bourbon Street, and the French Market just three blocks away. In the centre of the hotel is a shaded, landscaped courtyard with an al fresco dining area, and swimming pool. The rooms are clean,comfortable and roomy, with good amenities. The staff are very welcoming, friendly, and helpful with booking tours, and answering questions. Breakfast was varied and delicious. There is a welcoming bar and lounge, which is a great place to meet fellow travellers.Thank you Sue for taking the time to write such a detailed review about our property! Our future guests will be able to use this to help picture their stay with us. We greatly appreciate you staying with us and hope you will come back and see us again soon.
I could not fault this hotel was lovely nice staff comfortable beds would use this again when going back to new Orleans next year. did not hassle us to move the car or ourselves after we checked out of the room. very helpful.Dear Guest, Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel. We greatly appreciate your business and loyalty to our brand.
Sometimes location wins out in picking a place to overnight, and this BW at the edge of the French Quarter has it. The most popular things to see were a 15-minute walk or a combination of streetcar rides. The staff was helpful, knowledgable, and friendly. No mis-steps there. Breakfast had eggs, meats, breads, potatoes, waffles and more. What are the negatives The rooms are dated and dark. The soft water combined with soap makes the shower floor a little slippery. Parking is not complimentary.Dear Fred, thank you for taking the time to review our hotel. We appreciate the kind words of breakfast, staff and location. We are currently in the process of painting our rooms a lighter color to enhance our guest experience. We appreciate the feedback and will take it into consideration while looking to improve our services. We hope you will come back and stay again soon.
This hotel is in an excellent location for exploring the French Quarter, being within a short walk of Bourbon Street and Royal Street and the river front. There are some amazing restaurants and music venues nearby and there are trips and tours available either from outside the hotel or from near the river. The hotel is comfortable, very clean and quiet. The hotel has excellent staff who are more than helpful. The breakfast self-service has a good range of options. We were very happy with this hotel.
My sister and I spent several nights here and we were very happy here. It's very close to the French Quarter - just on the edge of it, I'd say. The room we had was very comfortable - a bit small, but it was pretty, clean, quiet and very nice. The front desk was very helpful and breakfast was great. All in all a great experience and I would recommend this place to anyone. Considering what a good location it is, the rate was surprisingly reasonable which we really appreciated.Thank you guest for taking the time to review our hotel. We appreciate your business and the recommendation. We hope you will come back and stay again soon.
I was worried that we would be a bit too far from the action of the Vieux Carre, but not indeed! The sights and activities were all within a short walk. Check in was quick, the staff at the front desk friendly and helpful with suggestions. The room itself, as noted by other reviews, is on the small side, but who cares, who is spending time in the room anyway! We were only there for one night. The breakfast has both hot and cold breakfast items, and while it was busy, the staff kept things well supplied. There is some construction going on in the street in front of the hotel, but that was not bothersome. I hate paying for parking, but it's a city--what are you going to do.... The parking area is kind of small, and the parking spots themselves are smallish. Dont' take a big car or truck!Thanks for choosing The Best Western Plus French Quarter the Hidden Gem. We hope that your next stay will be longer, Glenn JohnsonMgr. on Duty
This was the ultimate flavor of New Orleans. The courtyard with a cup of am coffee or pm drinks was awesome feel of true New Orleans and the room was like walking into a era of New Orleans with the decor. Service was very helpful and knowledgeable of the town and able to guide you to your adventure.Recommend highly and enjoy the true New Orleans flavor and adventure.
We had the best time in this hotel. Very nice rooms, and a nice space to sit outside in the evening. Breakfast was amazing with hot and cold buffet. At walking distance from Bourbon Street and all the other nice things in New Orleans!Thanks you for staying with us. We are looking forward to seeing you again on your next visit to New Orleans. Glenn Johnson Mgr. on Duty
Located on the edge of the French Quarter, this hotel is in a great location. It is far away from the party scene yet is easy walking distance to everything in the Quarter. It is not your typical hotel. Our room fronted the courtyard and was very nice for the rate we paid. The courtyard is quaint and relaxing. The breakfast is very good and has more of a restaurant feel and setup than your traditional hotel breakfast. The front desk staff was awesome and very informative. We only stayed one night, but are planning another week trip very soon.We are excited to hear that you will be back soon. We like to think of our guests as family and will be glad to see you when you return. Safe travels.Bryant Faul General Manager
Hotel was near the French Quarter and offered all the amenities of a larger hotel. Breakfast buffet was good and always stocked with the items needed. Walking distance to everything in the French Quarter, staff was very friendly and helpful in recommending places to go and things to do. I would definitily stay here aGAIN.Thank you Anthony for the great comments. We appreciate you choosing to stay with us and are very excited to hear you will come back to see us!
We had a family trip to New Orleans. I chose the Best Western because of the value, location and the convenience of having the complimentary breakfast with such a large group. We were not disappointed. Great decision. The rooms are not fancy but very comfortable. The courtyard was great for the group to hang out, as well as the lounge.
I'd like to start on a positive. The location was great! 3 blocks from Bourbon St. and less than a 2 mile walk from the downtown area with shopping and museums. All but one of the employees I encountered were not out right rude. They just didn't care and you could tell they didn't want to be there. When I asked a question about late check out no one was able to give me a straight answer. Would not stay here again.
Great hotel in the French Quarter. This was our first visit to New Orleans. We were welcomed by amazing jovial staff who were full of excellent suggestions for places to eat and visit. The best thing we did was leave our vehicle parked. (There is a daily cost for this.) We were able to walk to Jackson Square and explore the French quarter. What fun. Our room was clean and the air conditioning was quiet. Breakfast was plentiful and relaxing, a great way to start our day. We loved this older hotel and look forward to coming again.We are happy to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us on your recent trip to NOLA. Our staff takes great pride in providing friendly customer service to all of our guests.We look forward to seeing you again on your next trip to The Big Easy.
The Hotel staff we're incredibly friendly and welcoming. They took care of things for me before I even asked. The breakfast was good with eggs bacon or sausage, a waffle maker, yogurt muffins bagels Etc. The courtyard was nice although it was too cold to swim in the pool in November. Room was clean except for one day when a cleaner left a bag of towels in our room. The location was nice because it was just a few minute walk Into the heart of the French Quarter but far enough away to avoid the noise. Just across the street from Louis Armstrong Park which was also a beautiful place to be.I am pleased to hear you enjoyed our hotel and staff. You are right it was a bit chilly this weekend. I hope the next time you are in New Orleans you will come back and see us. Sincerely, Chastity
We wanted a hotel in the French Quarter, and this one had the best price, with free wifi and breakfast, so we chose it. It was a good choice. The room was nice, with a fridge, and the hot breakfast was very good and filling, with eggs, waffles, bacon, sausage, etc. It was sort of at the beginning of the French Quarter, so it was not too loud, but it was easy to walk to Bourbon Street, Royal Street, etc. The staff was especially helpful. We only had two nights to stay, and were driving from natchez, so I called them on the way, and they booked us a city tour. The VIP tour was a great intro to the city, and booking it ahead like that saved us time and gave us something to do our first afternoon after arrival. All in all, this was a good trip and I would choose this hotel again.
Good location, friendly staff, good breakfast. Room was clean and comfortable. Parking is atrocious. Be prepared to either double (or triple) park in their tiny lot, or park on the street. My real complaint is that, while I fully understand high season and high demand can drive up rates, this was not a 250 per night hotel. In any other circumstance this would be 100 less per night for a comparable hotel at another time/place. Thank you for your review on tripadvisor. It is from reviews from our guests that allow us to find areas that may need improvement. We are happy to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us on your recent trip. Our staff takes great pride in providing friendly service to our guests.The parking garage does present some challenges because of it's small size. Summer is a high drive time so this is when we have problems. We do double park cars to try to satisfy as many guests as possible as alternative parking is a few blocks away. As too our rates we are very well placed with hotels that are similar to ours.We hope that you would consider us again on your next trip to New Orleans.Robert K., Manager on Duty
This hotels is not in the middle of the action, but is close enough to walk to all and far enough away to enjoy the quiet when wanted. Staff was extremely helpful, kind and knowledgeable. Would stay here again.
I love this hotel. I went for Mardi Gras. The room was very clean. The free breakfast was delicious. It is a bit of a walk from Canal but you are saving hundreds. Just make sure you watch the parade in a spot where you can freely get to Rampert and are not barricaded in on the wrong side of the street. This is a clean sufficient hotel that will allow you to have money to spend on others things. You will be just fine walking down Rampert at night. Checkin was flawless. Thanks Best Western for the very good first impression.
On a recent business trip to New Orleans, I was able to extend my stay for an evening and in doing so, I chose to stay closer to the French Quarter (the host hotel was near the Superdome, about 1 mile away). The hotel structure itself dates to the 1800's as the very knowledgeable front desk clear explained when I inquired. She knew all the details and was very proud to share her knowledge. It certainly made for a very nice welcome at check-in (which was efficient and quick).After quickly settling in, I was off to explore the French Quarter and the hotel location on the edge of the historic district makes walking to everything quite easy, yet it's just far enough away from the nightlife to keep things quiet at night. Shops, restaurants, bars and historic sites are all around and across the street Louis Armstrong Park can be accessed a few blocks away.My room on the 2nd floor overlooked the lovely courtyard with trees, chairs to relax and an out door pool. The room was fresh and clean with comfortable beds, a pleasant bathroom with ample lighting, free Wi-Fi (easy to connect and fast speed), a refrigerator, HDTV and safe (large enough for my 14 laptop). The only item needing attention in my room was the grout in the shower, which must be a challenge in such a humid climate.Considering this is such a historic property, they have done a nice job connecting all the buildings and keeping the guest room modern yet with old world charm. Rooms face the courtyard, nearby buildings, the street - so be sure to request the view / area that most suits your needs.Although I did not take advantage of the pool, I did enjoy the complimentary breakfast in the morning. A nice mix of hot and cold options, including waffles, eggs, yogurt, cereal, etc. The staff were ever present and helpful to guests, a very positive experience. My only complaint was the oatmeal was only available using the instant packets, which is never as good as a nice hot crock often found at hotels today.In the evening, the hotel also opens the breakfast area for food and drinks, but I explored the area instead. The hotel lends itself to a relaxing escape, and I ended up meeting a couple who are regulars to the hotel and New Orleans! The best guest is a repeat one and that certainly speaks to the quality experience.While the focus appears to be leisure travelers, the hotel has everything required for a business traveler as well. If returning to New Orleans, I would certainly return again and would recommend to anyone looking for a clean, comfortable, affordable hotel with nice amenities. For meeting all my needs and the expectations of a Best Western Plus hotel, I would certainly rate my experience 5 stars.We are glad that we were able to be a nice break from your business trip and hope to see you again the next time you are in New Orleans.Thank You, Bryant Faul - General Manager
We enjoyed our stay at the Best Western Plus Landmark Hotel. The hotel is very close to the places you would want to visit. The breakfast was a good way to start the day. Plenty of food to choose from and great attention by the staff.The Street car and taxi's are just out the door. They are three blocks from Bourbon Street and close the happenings of New Orleans.Dear Anna M, Thank you so much for letting us know about your recent stay with us. We really appreciate the feed back. I hope that you have a wonderful day.Sincerely, Rick Engel - General Manager
We stayed four nights and overall we were very pleased. The staff is friendly and courteous. Check-in was easy and our room was clean and comfortable. The first night there were some loud party animals next door shouting drunkenly into the wee hours. After I called the front desk and complained, the noise died down and they weren't a problem any other night. We slept well and we had everything we needed.Breakfast was varied and plentiful. This is not a gourmet meal but it is good food (eggs, bacon, waffles, oatmeal, fruit, muffins, etc.) and we enjoyed eating by the pool in the courtyard. Very pleasant.The hotel is conveniently located at the edge of the French Quarter...away from the noise but a pleasant walk to the interior and minutes from everything. Honestly, we felt lucky to find this place. It isn't fancy, but it is very clean and fit our needs. The hotel staff answered questions and were very gracious. Check-out was easy and they held our bags. We were very happy with the location and value. The only other snafu we had was one afternoon we got back about 5:00 and they hadn't cleaned our room. Somehow the maid had skipped ours, but when we asked her to take care of it she did right away. We loved our stay and we'll be back!!Hello Ma'am,Thank you for the many kind words your shared about our property. We apologize for the mishap with housekeeping during your stay. We have added a new team member in a supervisory position to improve our tracking and service. We are glad that you otherwise felt well taken care of and sincerely thank you for your patronage!Teresa Munoz - Revenue Manager
They are extending the streetcar line so the road is torn up. It borders the French Quarter. The beds were comfortable and the room was clean. The breakfast was scrambled egg and /or bacon, make your own waffles, asst breads, yogurt, etc. The bartenders were great as were the hurricaines...fresh made..not like the nasty one's at Par O'Briens...We enjoyed our stayDear Guest, Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel. We greatly appreciate your business and loyalty to our brand.
The hotel is located within easy walking distance to the French Quarter, yet nicely quiet at night. The room was clean and had everything we wanted. Donna at the front desk was great, making you feel welcome and arranging everything from pedi cabs to swamp tours. We would definitely recommend staying here!Dear Sdukeman,We appreciate you taking the time to review our hotel. Donna has been a wonderful new addition and I will inform her of your comments. Thank you for recommending our property and we look forward to your next stay!
Best Western should remove their affliation with this location. Room was so small, it was difficult to move around. In order to get past the bed and the wall at the end of the bed with your luggage, you literally had to walk side ways to get by. You had to shut the bathroom door to use the toilet or shower. I have a one car garage that was bigger than this room. And the room was NOT cheap!! Absolutely terrible!! Advice - find another location.
the entire Staff is Awesome ! Starts with Tracy, Brenetta, Robert Lawrentay the front desk. Bartender Ty is incredible ! Breakfast hosted by Kim is absolutely Delicious ! ! I feel at home while staying this hotel. Great Location. Employees always make great recommendations on Dinner or Lunch locationsThank you Felix for this amazing review! We love having you stay with us and always look forward to the next visit. We are so lucky to have such a great staff and location. See you soon!
The hotel staff was friendly and helpful from the moment we walked through the front doors. We stayed for 4 nights, and couldn't have asked for a better location. The hotel is at the top of the quarter across from Armstrong Park... just five short blocks walk from Bourbon Street. Quick taxi/Uber service from hotel to anywhere you want to go. Breakfast was hot, and plentiful. Staff kept tables cleaned quickly for more guests to dine. Rooms were clean and big enough for three adults to not feel cramped at all. Bartender Ty was fun and made one heck of a Bloody Mary... and we will remember his meat pie next time we visit! Darlene at the front desk was an amazing help to us several times throughout our stay. The courtyard was a nice place to sit and relax and take a dip when it was super hot in the afternoon. Overall, I'd choose this hotel over and over again! Thanks BW for a great stay!Thank you for your review. We are extremely happy to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us. We take great pride in providing excellent customer service to all of our guests.We look forward to seeing you again on your next trip to New Orleans.Robert K., Manager on Duty
I booked our accommodation in December 2011 for April 2012. You would have thought I would have gotten what I asked for (2 rooms side by side). When we arrived we were told we would not be on the same floor as someone who had just fronted at reception was given one of our rooms. I protested and they relented but our rooms were not side by side but quite a distance from each other. This was not good enough. The rooms themselves were nice and the hotel very good. Did have a problem with other guests walking past our door in the early morning and talking rather loudly - enough to wake us up. Also the car park directly underneath the rooms was not good. Motorbikes revving early morning is bad. Good to have computers available to guests. Breakfast was a definite bonus, with alot of variation. Would we stay again - maybe, but would look at other options.
This Hotel offers great accommodations to events close to the Quarter. Because parking is so difficult, it offers the ability to walk to many shops and attractions. There was a jazz concert across the street. Excellent staff and great attitudes.
1st stay in New Orleans. Family loved the stay. Great breakfast. Didn't like parking fees. Decor in rooms are beautiful. We loved the outside landscaping. Good space at breakfast area. Good location. Good people.Dear Lucy, Thank you for choosing us for your first stay in New Orleans. We are proud to have served you well and hope to see you again in the near future.
We took a 3 day trip to New Orleans and wanted to stay close to the French Quarter without spending an arm and a leg. I mean how long are you going to be in the room anyway The rooms were not huge, but they were clean and the beds were very comfortable. This is an old restored building which has lots of charm. The elevators are tiny and there is a nice courtyard with a pool and seating areas. (we were there in the winter) They offer a free continental breakfast, including eggs, sausage, biscuits and more. The bartender was friendly and very helpful with local attractions. They have free WI-FI and a small business center that makes it handy to print your boarding passes. The hotel is just a few blocks from Bourbon Street, and is far enough that you don't have to listen to all the noise. They do have an airport shuttle, BUT you must reserve it at least 24 hours in advance. If only the front desk had told us this little detail, we could have saved some money. I would stay here again on a future visit.
This hotel was within walking distance to the French Quarter sites and restaurants but far enough away that I felt safe with my family. Hotel staff was helpful and friendly. Rooms were quiet and clean. We would definitely stay here again!Thank you Tanya for taking the time to write about our property. We are lucky to have such a prime location for our guests to enjoy their time with us and are pleased you felt safe with your family. We invite you to visit us again anytime!
An excellent buffet breakfast is provided. The overall environment is pleasant. The wi-fi is free and trouble-free. It is easy walking (from this spot on the edge of The French Quarter) to all that matters if you are a jazz fan.We are happy to hear that we fulfilled all your needs on your recent trip to NOLA. Our staff is happy to provide friendly customer service to all of our guests. We hope to see you again real soon. Robert K., Manager on Duty
We arrived at the hotel early and were offered a room near the elevator or we could wait a few hours (check in was 4pm this was 1000am)...we asked if we could park. We noticed signage indicating parking at the hotel was 20-30 per day (this wasn't indicated on the website). We did park in a tiny cramped undercover parking space and went back to the desk to inquire about the parking charge22.50 / day, though we didn't know how this amount was calculated. Again, very personable helpful assistance at the desk, full breakfast excellent, elevator musty, room not so clean, internet not working, one phone not working. Shower liner wasn't even hung, just fabric curtain AND YOU HAD TO RUN AROUND IN THE SHOWER JUST TO GET WET! POOR, POOR, POOR WATER PRESSURE!Thank you for taking the time to review our property. We appreciate your business.
I went to NOLA with a friend and we got a double beds room. I disagree with other comments : our room was very big !!!It is a bit noisy but if you want to be in town you will have noise anyway.Very good location : all the French Quarter can be done walking from the hotel.Very good and complete breakfast.It was a little bit cold to enjoy the pool.
Very nice place to stay. Very cleaned Outside and inside. All the staff was friendly and smiling and always available. The location is great,easy walking to everywhere. A little bit far from a restaurant. It is will worth the stay.Our employees are very proud of our property and strive to keep it clean and well maintained. Thank you for the great comments on the job they do. Bryant Faul General Manager
Lodging is expensive in New Orleans, but this place offers everything at a reasonable price. It's located on the edge of the French Quarter, so you can be in the action on Bourbon Street after a five minute walk. And when it's time to come home, you can get away from the action to relax in the peace and quiet of your hotel room. We were delighted to get upgraded to a suite, but really did not spend much time in the room taking advantage of the hot tub or other amenities. There is so much to see and do in town and the tour buses will pick up visitors right at the front door of the hotel. A nice bar is available for a leisurely drink and a free breakfast is offered featuring a variety of the usual fare. Parking is hard to come by in town, but it's available on site for hotel guests (for a nightly fee). The staff is exceptional, so just let them know if you have any questions about the area or need some recommendations.
We enjoyed out stay here. It was a busy weekend, but quiet here. Typical Best Western full breakfast. They had a bar pool, but too cold for the pool. Well kept and clean. Rooms are comfortable. It was a long walk to Burbon Street, so we took cabs most of the time.We are happy that you enjoyed your stay here at our hotel.. Our staff loves to get positive feedback from our guests. We take great pride in providing great customer service to all of our guests. We consider our guests as family and look forward to seeing you again real soon.Robert K., Manager on Duty
Spent two nights with my adult daughter and could not be more pleased. The room appeared to be recently renovated and finishes were good. Lovely full size tiled shower (no bath). Our room was on the U-shaped surround of the courtyard, which was lovely and full of greenery, a fountain, pool and several shaded tables.The breakfast was disappointing with low-end standard fare. But the service in all areas of the hotel was excellent. It's at the upper edge of the French Quarter and everything was easily walkable. The added bonus was the opportunity to see more of the lovely architecture. This is a great place to visit with a group of friends/family. The courtyard affords the opportunity to gather and socialize without everyone piling in a room or hanging in the lobby (both awkward options!). It's a very intimate feeling hotel.I am pleased to hear you enjoyed our hotel and staff.. I hope the next time you are in New Orleans you will come back and see us. Sincerely, Chastity
Everything wad great we were down there for st Patrick's day.rooms were clean,kinda small for 4 people but we weren't in room much.very clean grounds and well kept up. Beds were very comfy or we were just to drunk and tired to really care.the breakfast in the morning was good but u would think that where it is it would have longer hours . 9:30 they remove all food . The parking lot was not ment for large trucks kinda tight. But there is nothing that would keep me from returning again and again . People were very nice...loved it
We had a good stay. The location is a little bit away from the French Quarter. I would have liked to be just a little closer for safe walking, but we were fine . There are always taxi cabs right outside. The pool was nice and refreshing . A nice courtyard to sit at. The breakfast was good. It was clean. A little dreary but good for the price and location. Inside parking for a price 21 dollars . Limited though , on a first come basis . No microwave in room , but one in lobby to use. Frig in room and a coffee pot . Bar in the lobby. Good air conditioning! We would stay again if passing this way again.
From the moment we walked in, the staff was GREAT!!! Took care of all our needs and did it with a smile. the rooms were VERY resonable considering it was located in the quarter. Had a nice courtyard too. I would especially like to thank the breakfast crew. they are GREAT and they work so hard to make everything perfect! I will always go back here!
Tracy Robinson at the Front Desk was a gem. She was always personable and helped us when we had any questions. She provided us with valuable information about the surrounding area and the nature of various places to visit, to include transportation options. The breakfast that was provided was far better than I had expected. My daughter and I ate there every morning.Tracy is an asset to our company with 34 years of service and counting! Our staff works hard to provide our guests with a memorable stay and I am pleased to know you had one. We hope you will come back and see us again soon.
I really liked this place. Very conveniently located, only about a 15-20 min walk to Bourbon St.. Rooms were clean and had a good vintage feeling about them. Not the best view, but then again, we were there to sleep. Even though it was on a busy street, it was very quiet. It was a bit chilly out so we didn't get a chance to use the pool but it looked like a nice little spot for lounging. All in all, I'd go back.
When my friends and I looked for overnight stays in New Orleans during this years's Jazz festival we were in desperate need for accomodation as we decided to go on the trip last minute. When we explained the management that we needed to stay on a budget as low as possible, preferring to share one room instead of booking two, they deliberately misunderstood us, charging us the room rate for two instead of one. We immediatly realized the mistake and asked to rectify it. The management was then totally unhelpful, refused to rectify and called the police. The police sided with the management, which should not even have been an issue at all right from the start. Any serious and well-led hotel should allow the customers to rectify a booking, particularly since we hadn't even entered the rooms. Do not stay there if you are looking for an honest management and good service!!
Close to the French Quarter without the noise. Walked almost everywhere. Breakfast saved a lot of time cost. Parking was on site so less loading and packing up. Pool was quaint. The hotel has an elevator. Needs a microwave to keep the family happy. Thank you Guest for taking the time to review our hotel. We appreciate all the great comments to help our future guests know our prime location. Having on-site parking does help our guests with convenience and our pool and courtyard are a great place to sit back and relax after a long day of touring. I do apologize for not having microwaves in our rooms but we do always have our microwave available to guests in the breakfast area. Thank you again and we hope you come back and stay again soon.
This hotel is in a fantastic location, 2 streets from bourbon, so I was able to walk everywhere I wanted to go. When going up to my room I was put in the back facing the below parking and not over the garden that all the pictures show so I was a little disappointed right from the start. When walking into the room it was terribly small. The mirror and sink are not even it the bathroom and the actual bathroom just closes with a sliding closet door. The shower itself was nice. Walk in and glass doors. The beds were rock hard and the pillows were just small throw pillows. Other than the location the other part I liked was the garden and swim area. I did not swim as the pool was full of leaves and such. I had seen an employee put a self cleaner in the pool but it still didnt seem as clean as I would have thought it to be. The staff always said hello when walking past but they didnt seem very happy. Overall I dont think I would stay here again.Ms BrittanyThank you for accenting our unique location, we are glad you found getting around the French Quarter convenient.I hope you change your mind about returning to our hotel, please keep my email and phone number below so I can do everything possible to assist in reserving the area of the hotel which makes you most comfortable. I want your visit to start memorable.We always want to learn and I will take more notice of bedding and check the timing of cleaning the leaves from the pool.I hope I have a chance to show you the improvements.Stanley Mascair, CHAStanleymascairacihotels.com504-524-3333
22.50 to park my car. The hotel was clean,quiet, and comfortable. It was about 6 blocks to Jackson Square and 4 blocks to Bourbon street. The only complaint I had with this hotel was parking. Had I known about the 22.50 fee to park my car,I would not have stayed there. This fee was in addition to the cost of the room. R Martin
Was bringing a person to town to visit who was considering relocation. Great location for visiting the quarter -- sort of an unknown location for those that are not locals. So accessible. Beautiful courtyard room -- great views. Fantastic breakfast buffet. Not just pastries. Consider this for an out of the way locationthat is not out of the way.
I recommend this hotel , excellent facilities, very helpful and friendly staff, clean and very comfortable. We had a room overlooking courtyard, great view and excellent room.Location is excellent weather you are walking or taking local transport. Local Tram/Buses and Hop on Off Services very close to Hotel.There is parking which we did not use.Terry Thank you for your outstanding reveiw!We are uniquely perfect in our location - close to everything yet quiet for a good night's sleep.Thanks again for recommending us to everyone on TripAdvisor - we will look forward to your return.Kind Regards,Stanley Mascair, CHA
Room 246 Still had the last tenants clothing.Exterior Door jam was busted.Loud construction nearby.Pillows were very small.Room was very dark.Remote did not workSmall shower only.Moved to room 305Bathroom door did not shut.A/C unit made rattle noise.Room keys did not work after first night, has to get new keys.Nice big pillows!Plenty of light!Hotel over sells parking lot. Double parking of cars in the lot. Must leave keys with front desk so that they can juggle cars, which lead to damage to our car.Thank you Mark for taking the time to review our hotel on TripAdvisor. We have taken your comments very seriously and are working to improve our facilities for future guests. We appreciate you staying with us and hope you will come back again soon to see our improvements.
My husband and I loved the charm of this place , nice center courtyard,with pool and fountain, comfortable room with lovely comfy bed , nice shower -lots of hot water. The buffet type breakfast every morning was super. Eggs and sausage or bacon , toast,bagels,waffles,yogurt and fruit cups, very nice . The personnel were friendly and helpful. far from the noise of Bourbon Street but close enough to walk to farmers market,waterfront activities,shopping and Bourbon St. Try French Man St. for more local music and food. We stayed 3 days before a 7 day Caribbean cruise. Found it a lot of fun.
From the moment we arrived we had a very warm reception from the frontline staff. The hotel is close enough to the tourist attractions yet far enough away to get a great night sleep.The location has a beautiful outdoor pool located in a court in the middle of the hotel.The breakfast was hot and pleantiful, and the staff were friendly and engaging.We will definitely go back to this hotel on a return visit.
Nice hotel in a good location. Neat and clean room.The bath room was smaller than usual, but was not a problem. They have a nice courtyard next to the pool.Breakfast was fine.They have China mugs and metal cutlery, which makes a pleasant change.There is a parking charge of 20 a night, ouch! We stayed 3 nights.We would use this hotel again.
A small group of us stayed here for a 3 night stay. The rooms were clean, the hotel was good, the breakfast above average. Parking was available but get in early as they fill up, and it's free parking. Good value, I will stay here again.Thank yo D-Butel for taking the time to review our hotel. We look forward to your next stay!
Pleasant stay here with 3 friends for 2 nights. The location worked well for us. It is only about 3 blocks from Bourbon and they told us the best route to take at night down a street that would be more populated. We did not have any problems and we did not feel unsafe walking back late.The room was nice enough, cleanliness wasn't an issue, and the courtyard area was nice. One friend did complain of a loud noise during the night that disturbed her sleeping, may have been the elevator but she wasn't sure. The rest of us slept fine. We did not try the breakfast.
We stayed here for the start of Mardi Gras and the location was just perfect. Efficient check-in by staff but had to wait for room as it was not ready. This was no problem for us at all. We had just missed breakfast but tea and coffee was on tap all day at no extra cost which was a nice touch. When our room was ready (we were in the main block) we were pleasantly surprised how roomy it was with king sized bed, fridge, iron and ironing board and good bathroom with bath tub. It overlooked the lovely courtyard and pool area. The hotel didn't do lunch or dinner but staff were very helpful in suggesting a deli for lunch, where you could bring your sandwich back and eat in the breakfast area, and were helpful in suggesting where to eat for dinner. Bourbon Street was only a few blocks away which was very convenient. All in all, very attentive staff, good accommodation, excellent location, lovely courtyard with pool (although it was too cold to use it when we were there). Free wfi with small buriness centre. I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel.Thank you for choosing The Best Western Plus French Quarter Landmark Hotel for your stay in New Orleans. We are glad to hear that our hotel met all of your needs. We take pride in making our guests stays comfortable and fun. We look forward to seeing you here at The Landmark very soon.Robert K., Manager on Duty
The hotel itself is fine but two times the housekeeping staff left our door open so when we came back after long days out we found the room wide open. The safe was not accessible so our passports and valuables were left unsecured. Having left the door open we would have thought they would have been in there replacing towels or making beds but neither of those things were done. We spoke with management and received an apology but we're not offered any compensation. Disappointing. Thank you for choosing Best Western Plus French Quarter Landmark Hotel for your stay during Mardi Gras. I am sorry to hear that we didn't meet all of your expectations. Let me assure you that your issue will be addressed with our housekeeping staff. If you travel to New Orleans in the future, we would love to have another opportunity to meet your expectations.Thank You,Robert K. MOD
I stayed here for one night, as planned, on my way back home from another trip. The staff throughout was amazing. The hotel is located in a old building but then again it is at the tip of the french quarter so that should be expected. The room I stayed in was really large with a comfortable king bed, eating table, office desk and chair, credenza and couch. It was outdated in its style but for the price and location, and short stays, this is a really great deal. The bathroom needs to be bleached down but there were more than enough clean towels and counter space with a small coffee maker for the supplied coffee and tea. They also have complimentary continental breakfast. It was too cold to use the terrace but it would be the perfect place for morning coffee and beignets. The location results in a quieter sleep but verify your surroundings before venturing.
We stayed at this hotel for four nights on our honeymoon. We had a King suite with Jacuzzi tub, internet included, microwave and refrigerator. We got a great deal and the room was beautiful. The hotel property is well maintained and inviting and the staff is friendly and helpful. The courtyard/pool are lovely.The location was perfect for us. It is only three block from Bourbon Street and the entire French Quarter and Garden District are both within walking distance. The breakfast was great! Sometimes when you hear continental breakfast you think stake doughnuts and bad fruit - this was not the case here. Each day had eggs, breakfast meat and bread or potatoes. In addition fruit, yogurt, toast, bagels, waffles, coffee, juices and water were available. We liked to start our day with breakfast at the hotel while we reviewed our plan for the day. It also helped cut down on our food costs.My only suggestion - if you have a room on the first floor bring a fan. The noise from the courtyard can travel and if you are a light sleeper this might be a problem for you.
The staff was very friendly. We had a long drive in and arrived early in the day, the staff was very accommodating in getting us checked in as early as possible. I will totally stay here again. My only semi-complaint is that the walls are thin, but I'm a heavy sleeper so that doesn't bother me
The door stuck and was extremely hard to open and close. The rug floor was dirty. Walking around in white socks got the bottoms of my feet dirty very quickly. Just rubbing a piece of paper on the floor picked up a lot of dirt. The pillows were very small smaller than a standard twin pillow ... strange. The water was extremely soft. I think they use too much water softening agents. You get that soapy feeling even after all the soap had been washed off. The breakfast was adequate. Front desk was very helpful. Nice courtyard area.Thank you Ron for taking the time to review our hotel. We appreciate the feedback and it is guests like you that help us to constantly improve our services. We hope you will come back again and give us the chance to exceed your expectations the next time you visit New Orleans.
The Best Western Plus French Quarter Landmark Hotel is located on the edge of the quarter but is within easy walking distance from the heart of everything there is to do in New Orleans. The guestroom had plenty of room and we were pleased with all of the hotel amenities. The staff members were very courteous and friendly. They helped us book tours and answered any questions we had and provided suggestions when asked. It was a great stay.
Steer clear of this hotel, which is really a motel. The walls are paper thin and we never slept due to rowdy people in the courtyard even past midnight. Our room was dirty and high priced. We have never stayed in a worse place.Dear Guest, Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel. We greatly appreciate your business and loyalty to our brand.
We got in late due to car trouble during our honeymoon road trip, and not only did Robert and the rest of the wonderful front desk staff save us a parking spot and greet us warmly, they upgraded us to a suite for our stay! The staff was nothing but exceptional the entire time, the room clean, comfortable and modern, and the breakfast the best I've ever had in a hotel. I would have liked a little more fresh fruit, but the market isn't far so that wasn't a huge deal. We actually added on another day and night because we were having such a wonderful time! It's location is perfect as well, just far enough away to be quiet but close enough that a short walk puts you right in the action of the French Quarter. The only drawback was that our car was hit in the parking lot, and we didn't notice until we had stopped on our way out, so perhaps next time we'll park elsewhere. One low point on an otherwise stellar experience!
We have visited New Orleans 3 times and have stayed her every time. We like this place because it is in the Quarter but not right in the heart of it. They have parking for your car, but you can walk to anything in the French Quarter. The place was always nice but since our last visit they have remodeled the rooms and are very nice. They have breakfast downstairs every morning and a nice pool in the courtyard. Really the best deal in the French Quarter of New Orleans
Paying 25.00 a day for parking seem ridiculous for parking spaces that could not fit a standard size car. Having to park to one side of the parking lane and still having to squeeze out of the car is not acceptable. This was the only disappointment in our stay. The rooms were clean and nice and comfortable with all amenities except for microwave. We wanted to reheat food that we had in the refrigerator but discovered no microwave in the room.Dear Guest, Thank you for writing a review of your stay in New Orleans. I am sorry that the parking fee was an unsatisfactory issue for you. We hope that you will give us another try. I am happy that the rest of your stay was enjoyable.Thank you, Bryant FaulGeneral Manager
I've stayed at a lot of hotels but this was one of the best. Very friendly staff and extremely helpful. It is located on the edge of the French Quarter but the streetcar stops just outside the front of the hotel so you can get to a lot of places. They have parking, for a charge, and we ere able to leave our car when we checked out until the afternoon. Very helpful. The pace is not new but is well cared for and build around a garden so it have a real NOLA feel to it. I'm glad we stayed there.Thank you Larry for taking the time to review our hotel. We appreciate all the kind words and are pleased to know you had a great stay. We look forward to having you the next time you visit New Orleans.
Overall nice Hotel, nice area. Rooms are small if your tall you may want to avoid the bathroom, the water pressure is really low and the water is kind of slimy sticks with your skin after your dry. I've stayed at other Hotels in NOLA and can't blame the water source. Parking is a bit cramped if you drive a SUV or Truck be careful. Breakfast is good for being FREE but I would rather eat at many of the great restaurants...courtyard area is nice as is the bar. they also have no security and the rooms doors face out anyone can't just walk in and out on this property. The street where the hotel sits is under major construction so lobby and bar are covered in dust. Staff of the hotel were good allowed me to check in early. Like I said Hotel was decent would not however be my first choice more of a back up plan.Thank you for choosing our hotel for your stay here in New Orleans. We need honest reviews from guest's like you in order to correct our shortcomings. The construction should be finished in late summer or early fall of this year. This streetcar line will be a great plus for this part of the French Quarter. Our water goes through a water softener which will make it feel like it is still on you after you have rinsed. We do close our gates at 11:30 each night and have a Security Officer on premises every night with only one door unlocked to access the hotel. We sure wish we could make our parking lot bigger. We would really love for you to consider us again on any future trips to New Orleans. We would love to see you again.Robert K., Manger on Duty
This hotel is on the edge of the French Quarter but a short walk to all the action with lots of bars and restaurants near bye. It has a nice pool located in the centre of the forecourt with plenty of loungers and tables around it. The inclusive breakfast was good and plentiful but ends at 9.30am on a weekday with extended times on the weekend. Rooms are clean and comfortable but as is fairly common now, A/C units are located in the rooms and can get very noisy at night. If it's not too warm it would be better to keep it down or turn it off as it can disturb sometimes. Overall a very nice mid range priced hotel for the location. Staff are very friendly and able to arrange the booking of various tourist attractions if required.I am pleased to hear you enjoyed our hotel and staff.. I hope the next time you are in New Orleans you will come back and see us. Sincerely, Chastity
We were very impressed with this hotel. From the staff to the facilities from the great location within easy walking distance to all the action in the French Quarter to the ambience, this hotel is the place to stay. Cannot recommend it enough! We were also booked at another expensive major chain hotel later that week and frankly that experience paled in comparison to our experience at the Best Western Plus. Don't hesitate to book. We are seasoned and extensive travelers and I rarely give excellent recommendations. We will be back!
The staff here are fantastic. This is a bit further from the action of Bourbon Street than some of the other hotels in the area, but that was a good thing for me. Still an easy walk throughout the French Quarter. Rooms are really nicely decorated and comfortable. Try to get a room overlooking the courtyard. There was a bit of noise from other guests coming and going, but it didn't keep us up.
Because of the limited space in your room items will constantly be competing for it. We had a courtyard room and barely had enough space for our luggage (forget about using it for 4 people). The obvious place for bags is either in front of the door (blocking it) or in between the beds. There's hardly room for your toiletries and you have to remove them if you want to make coffee. Also, the a/c is half a foot from a bed, so you have a constant cold flow over your bed.That said, the location is really good: you're just blocks away from all the fun in Bourbon Street there's a streetcar in front of the building and you are only steps away from the Armstrong park. Breakfast was rather good as well with plenty of eggs and bacon.I am sorry to hear about your experience. I hope the next time you are in New Orleans you will come back and see us. Please call me directly when you are ready to book so I can show our appreciation. 504-522-8531 Sincerely, Chastity
best western french quarter landmark is located in the french quarters. it is situated opposite armstrong park, a beautiful and enjoyable place to visit. the hotel staff is friendly, helpful and professional. there is courtyard, with pool, where one can relax and enjoy pleasant conversation with other hotel guests.Thank you for the kind words about your recent stay in New Orleans. The Courtyard and pool are is a source of great pride among the staff and we are happy that you had a chance to enjoy it.Bryant FaulGeneral Manager
We were there from 9/27 till 9/30. We had 3 room that were in great condition, the people that worked at the hotel were friendly and helpful. The location is far enough off of Bourbon Street so there is little to no noise, but close enough for all the fun. I would go back again. Thank you to the staff.
Great location and great service...Beautiful courtyard with a pool, fountain, and serene sitting areas..Daily breakfast with traditional eggs, sausages, cereals, oatmeal etc. We stayed there 4 nights and were feeling at home.. Friendly and very knowledgeable staff, swift taxi services offered ( if required).. Hotel is older but do not get taken aback by that: this is New Orleans and this hotel fits right in..It is romantic and slightly decadent.. If you are looking for top notch modernity, you are in a wrong city...Surrounding area is safe to walk at night just be aware of your surroundings and do not walk alone ( usual principles of walking at night in many other cities in the world)...I am so happy to hear that you enjoyed your stay at our hotel. Our staff takes our Best Western Mantra of stay with people who care to heart. We truly do care about all of our guests and try to make each and everyone feel as if they are part of our family.We look forward to seeing you again on your next trip to NOLA.Robert K., Manager on Duty
My wife and I were in town for a concert event. We were really impressed with the staff at this location. When we arrived the clerk advised about walking to the French Quarter from the hotel and the best routes to take, especially after dark. We decided last minute to drive to the concert because of weather concerns. The concert did not end until late and when we returned to the hotel the gate was shut at the entrance. My wife ran in and asked the clerk who came out promptly and opend the gate. The parking was a little tight especially since I drive a large SUV but amazingly I had no problems parking. Overall I could not have been happier with our stay. The price could have been better but that is always the case. I will return to this location in the near future with the rest of my family and have no problems recommending it to friends.
Very quiet area with nice small hotel bar, good breakfast, clean rooms, private courtyard with pool, friendly service and private hotel parking. We have stayed at the Landmark Hotel before in a quiet room facing the courtyard, which is a must when booking at this hotel, but this visit the room was next to the elevator, this is why I only gave 4 stars for this stay, otherwise it would have been 5 stars. The noise of the elevator from 11:30pm to 2:30am continuously woke us up, so when booking a room ask for a room facing the courtyard but not next to the elevator! The hotel was is just a few blocks from Bourbon St. and a nice walk to Jefferson Square and the French Market. One of the Hop-On-Hop-Off bus stops is just a few blocks from the hotel on Rampart, very convenient! The Hotel is right across the street from Louis Armstrong Park which has a very nice park which I highly recommend to take a stroll in during the day.I am pleased to hear you enjoyed our hotel and staff. I am sorry to hear that the elevator kept you up. If you give us another chance we will make sure to put you in a quiet room. I hope the next time you are in New Orleans you will come back and see us. Please call me directly when you are ready to book so I can show our appreciation. 504-522-8531 Sincerely, Chastity
We arrived at the hotel hot and tired. The staff was warm and friendly. When they found out we were there to celebrate a special occasion my 50 Birthday they went out of there way to make me feel special. The location of the room overlooked the pool and garden. The room was beautiful, well decorated. The bed was very conferable. I believe the sheets were even a high thread count . I liked the fact that is was only 3 blocks from the excitement Bourbon Street. This made it very convenient for walking. Plan on walking everyplace. There is lots to do and see. Defiantly walk to Cafe Dumont for Cafe Au Lait and a Beignets are a must. Walk along the fresh market for some fine shopping and walk along the Mighty Mississippi and look out over the water. The hotel is close enough to get to the action but far enough away that when it is time to sleep you don't have to deal with the noise. The hotel courtyard and fountain with a nice pool is a great place to be outdoors. Continental breakfast had a great variety of choices including eggs, and a pleasant dining room overlooking the courtyard and pool. Before you leave you must stop by Clover Grill on 900 Bourbon Street for the worlds best breakfast you will ever eat. If you are going to New Orleans and need a place to stay don't hesitate choose this hotel you won't regret it.
We stayed here 2 nights in november of 2012. The hotell is close to the city centre. Very nice people at the check in. Breakfast was really good, you can make your own fresh waffle's. We enjoyed those 2 nights here.Thank you for your review from 2012. We currently offer the fresh waffle makers and we now have access across the street to take the streetcar to all of the other parts of the city outside the French Quarter including the beautiful Garden District and City Park. We look forward to having you stay with us again in the near future.
It's an easy walk to all the crazyness of Bourbon Street yet far enough away to be out of the crazyness, just purrrfic for a couple in their 50's. The room was more than adequate except for the fact that my room overlooked Rampart Street so you had a bit of noise of vechiles on the street at night. The hot breakfast was good, eggs, a different meat everyday, waffles etc..A lot of channels on the TV to chose from, we did have a washout day with 7 inches of rain so staying in the room was more pleasant and free WIFI. One thing that is overlooked by even the hotel is their location across the street from Congo Park now named Louie Armstrong Park, what a beautiful historic, clean large sidewalked area to find peace and tranquility, my wife and I spent a few hours just walking and feeding the ducks in the numerous ponds in the park. It was practically empty of people on a beautiful sun drenched afternoon in Spring Staff was also top shelve probably the nicest BW I have stayed at...I recommend it highly.
The location, just on the verge of French Quarter with 5-minute walk to its center sells this htel easily. But it has also more to offer - quaint insides and nice architecture, a very nice pool, breakfasts slightly better than all other motels and a good service. The price is OK for New Orleans and this location, though you have to pay additionally for th parking. Overall I had a great experience.Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel. We are so please you were able to enjoy our prime location and our amenities. We hope you will come back and stay again soon.
We love this hotel is right in the middle of everything right where you need to be the workers are very friendly the breakfast was good and it's a great place just to chill and relax after a long day of shopping and walking and they let us have our baby with us which is a dog and we were very very happy with this placeWe are so happy to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us on your recent trip to New Orleans. Our entire staff takes great pride in providing all of our guests with great customer service.We hope that you will choose us again on your next trip to New Orleans.Robert K., MOD
This hotel is down the street from Bourbon Street and walking distance to the French Quarter. Excellent location. The hotel itself has a peculiar odor throughout - especially in the elevators. I would imagine it was because of the intense humidity outdoors but I'm not sure. The elevators are tiny. Rooms are a decent size. Shower has a rain shower head which is not my favourite but that's just personal preference. Breakfast is typical of free Breakfast hotels. Hot and cold options. I would stay here again for the location.Thank you for your excellent review.The humidity is certainly a factor in everything we do, and can be different. It does take some getting used to, but spending time in New Orleans is worth it!!We are a unique property in a unique location and our goal is to by anything but typical! We will look forward to your return and the opportunity to earn that last star.Sincerely, Stanley Mascair, CHA
The hotel itself was clean and beautiful. We stayed in the suite, which was HUGE. The pool was cleaned every morning. And the breakfast delicious. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. I would absolutely recommend staying here.
When we arrived noticed the street was in construction as cable car rails were being installed. Area was away from French quarter but in walking distance. Place shown its age.Plus side receptionist helpful and kind. One elevator- room for two people.Room showed age. But plus side free wi fi, coffee maker in rom , large screen tv and many many channels to choose from. Free breakfast and coffee makerLovely garden in back of propertyThank you for choosing the Best Western Plus French Quarter Landmark Hotel for your stay in New Orleans. I do apologize for the mess of the construction in front of the hotel. When this is complete it will become an asset for the city and our hotel.I hope that you will consider us for any future stays in New Orleans so we can show you the completed project.Thank you, Robert K. MOD
First, let me say.. Location, location, location. Close enough to everything, yet far enough for some peace and sleep.Room was clean, beds were comfortable, reception staff pleasant, helpful and accommodating. Breakfast was just something to hold you over until lunch, but nothing more. Would definitely stay again.Only con was that the water pressure wasn't great, but with the cold front we had this week, a little extra time in the warm water was just fine.They had some work being done and water was turned off one day, but we checked out the next morning.Dear Guest,Thank you for your review and the kind words about the staff. I apologize for the water issues you encountered during your stay and will use your comments to better the experience for future guests. Your feedback is crucial to improving our hospitality and we look forward to being able to serve you again in the near future.
Stayed here late June to early July for 6 nights. Had researched this hotel and checked other trip advisor postings and appeared to be a reasonable choice......unfortunately this was not the case. I am a huge fan of Best Westerns in general and have stayed in BWs in Australia, New Zealand and North America, this one by far is inferior. To call it a plus just because it has internet a pool and breakfast is a long shot. Let me give you a brief rundown. The hotel is a 10-15 min cab ride from the airport, there is a shuttle from the airport for 38 pp (all ages) return from your hotel, but a cab for up to 3 passengers was a flat rate of 14 pp one way, there were 3 of us so we cabbed it. Check in was ok, no worries, we had a room on the 2nd floor overlooking the pool....big mistake.....TV wasnt working, reported it to front desk the first day, they forgot, after a sleepless night listening to people come and go at all hours right outside our room and walking back and forwards along the balcony we mentioned it to the front desk and 2 young men were very helpful, one was Lawrentey and the other I cannot remember his name..we mentioned TV not working and no light globe in our bathroom light, but the person who was going to fix it had left so they gave us another room, next door....at least the light worked and the TV.......5 out of 6 nights were noisy noisy noisy, security is apparently on site 10pm-7am but I suspect who ever it was had gone home with the maintenance person as well, never saw them, never heard them....spoke to the front desk and it would appear they may just be one of the many ghosts in the French Quarter. We had 2x double beds and they were hard and air con noisy but at least it worked as it was wonderfully hot during our stay. Bathroom is small, there is a safe and TV is OK. Breakfast is 630-930am, standard BW fare, breakfast meats rotate, that is one day sausage, one day bacon, toast, cereal, bagels, mini muffins, scrambled eggs (powdered) yoghurt, some fruit from a tin and make your own waffles. If you like apple jelly then this is apple jelly heaven.....not much else, it was a rare find indeed to find grape or even strawberry jelly! Juice and coffee is also there as well. Hotel is right at the top end of the French Quarter, close enough to walk to the French quarter, the river front, the french outdoor market and even Harrah's and the outlet shops are only a 20 min walk. Across the road is Louis Armstrong Park, we would go across every morning to feed the ducks, dodge the squirrels and try to avoid the small population of homeless people......still a sad thing to see in 2014! The hop on hop off bus is just a 7 min walk from the hotel, through the park and you can catch it at the info center which is a converted train station and right next door is a cemetery where you can walk around and get a feel for the history, this is where the New Orleans Voodoo Queen Marie Laveau is resting. The hotel has a lounge, sometimes it is open sometimes not.......ice machine on floors 2 and 3, thats it and a crappy vending machine with some coke products in the parking garage. Pool area is nice in the court yard with lots of tables, chairs and lounges. Checkout was a challenge but we got through it, we were honest when she asked how was you stay......didnt appear she wanted to hear what we had to say......here's a tip if you dont want to know the answer dont ask the question!...my advice, you can probably do better....if not try a room away from the pool area.......our 10 year enjoyed the pool and breakfast was ok, internet was ok and overall just an average experience....but New Orleans.....well that a whole other story!
Stayed here for 3 nights-3 rooms....rooms were very clean and comfortable...We did have some issues with our reservation,the problem was taken care of very quickly by the staff. Rose and others suggested some great places to eat....Courtyard was nice and quiet.
My hubby and I had a 5 day stay booked at the Best Western Plus French Quarter scheduled from monday 10/29- 11/2 We live in NJ.....guess what happened- HURRICANE SANDY happened. Airline canceled our flight 3 times with me and the hubby now scheduled to fly out of Philadelphia international on thursdays, only to return home on friday. No thanks. Plus there's tons of clean up to do at home. Orbitz contacted Best Western for me and they are willing to refund our entire trip WITHOUT penalties. We will not forget their compassion and plan to re-book our trip at a later date and will DEFINITELY be staying at the Best Western Plus French Quarter. Thanks guys!
Needed a place to stay for just one night with the family to be fairly close to MSY but also check out the NOLA scene for first time in my life..It was easy to find . The Parking was very accessible whcih seems like a premium in this area . It was on the edge of the of the neighborhood and just a very easy walk to Bourban street ..So it was good to be close but not in an overlly intense environment..perfect for a family to experience the flavor but not get to caught up in the insanity . It was a great experience and would highly recommend this hotel. Staff was great without exception . Room was small..but hey it's the French Quarter and we weren't looking to do aerobics in the room . .Dear Guest, I was glad to hear your stay in New Orleans was enjoyable and that you would recommend our hotel in the future. Thank you for reviewing our hotel.Thank You, Bryant Faul
WOW did we have a good time in NOLA. It was our first time to visit this incredible city and our experience was a true delight. From the moment we walked in the door of this hotel, we felt at home. The staff was incredible. Glenn and Robert checked us in and acknowledged our 25th wedding anniversary with an upgrade. Our room (suite) was absolutely lovely, the courtyard is beautiful, the breakfast room, bar area and lobby are quaint. All of the staff at this hotel were pleasant, thoughtful and accommodating We just can't say enough good things about how we were treated and how genuinely nice and sincere everyone was. This hotel should be commended for their superior hospitality, they sure won us over. Room was quiet, breakfast was fine, just a few short blocks to Bourbon.
Great safe place to stay on bourbon street, lots of things to do close to the hotel, breakfast is good! Bourbon street is loud at night but rooms block out the sound. Pool is nice and staff are friendly. Beds are comfy, bathrooms are nice, good price for quality.
Stayed for New Years celebration. It was a perfect location to experience the excitement without being in the middle of everything. The staff was excellent, we were accidentally locked out of our room because of a power outage to the lock on the door but the staff immediately called in an engineer to handle the problem. There was not enough inconvenience to spoil the stay. Bellman and front desk clerk were very friendly and helpful. Be prepared to hear the noise from the bars all night it the French quarters.
This hotel is an oasis in the center of the French Quarter. Beautiful old opera building. The courtyard is relaxing when you need a break from the party. Rooms are small but clean and very well decorated.
The hotel was exactly as described with great access to all of the major sites in the city. The room was clean and the staff were warm and friendly. Stayed for business but the ease of access to Bourbon St. helped to ease the tension of the day in meetings. Would highly recommend staying here and will do so again. Just be prepared to pay a premium for leaving your vehicle in a parking spot during your stay.Thank you sjones7279 for taking the time to review your stay with us. We greatly appreciate the recommendation and five stars. We are looking forward to welcoming you back again.
This is a good place to sleep, literally in the middle of the action. Steps from the main streets. Pool is nice respite from the sweltering heat. Many restaurants nearby. Solid choice and I would return. Thank you cbngrl for sharing your experience with us. With a mission to provide superior customer service, we take great pride in serving your needs and are delighted to hear that we have met your expectations. Thank you for staying at the Four Points by Sheraton French Quarter and we hope look forward to welcoming you back again.
The hotel is a great location, however currently construction right out front. Very noisy in the morning, and need to walk around to get to the front of the building. We had room on bourbon but know one told us about construction when we booked...MoreDear 97claudinea, Please accept our sincere apology for the noise disturbances you encountered with us recently due to construction work taking place outside of our hotel. Feedback such as yours helps us when planning future improvements, so we do appreciate your insight. Thank you for...More
As far as being in the middle of everything this is the place! I requested a balcony room on Bourbon but got a courtyard room with no balcony. I'm very happy (now) that this was the room I got. It was very quiet and comfortable. I usually sleep terribly at hotels but not at this one. The shower was nice as well it never got cold or lost water pressure. I would recommend this hotel everyone.
Right on Bourbon Street tjis can be a great place or a nightmare. The street is loud, so sleeling is difficult. They do supply ear plugs.Very nice and pleasant staff.The air conditioners do not eork well.Dear tomrzaca,Thank you for the great comments about our pleasant team. We are sorry your stay was interrupted by maintenance issues with your air conditioner. We have taken this up with our maintenance team and we are working on the problem. We appreciate you letting us know and we hope you will choose us again in the future for an improved experience.Beth AblesGeneral Manager
Arrived about 9:30am on Thursday 4-30-15 for Jazz Fest weekend pulled into parking garage bellman and parking attendant handled everything we just waited for them to gather everything walked to the desk handed keys to room to our surprise room ready at 9:30am WONDERFUL!!!! Let's get this party started!!! Balcony room 2 double beds on Bourbon room was small but clean Balcony was the best!!! We were on 4th floor would have preferred 3rd or 2nd but was so happy it was ready when we got there it worked. For the smokers we were told ok to smoke if room door closed on balcony. We no longer smoke but do vape and we enjoyed sitting on the balcony vaping and watching all the going ons on Bourbon we seen it all!!! The man next door was smoking a cigar so all was good. The room was not cleaned while we were there but no big deal for us we were only there 3 nights and had plenty of towels and toilet paper. Really expensive during Jazz Fest but worth every penny we will be back!!!!Dear Antywarbuc,Thank you for your review. Were thrilled you liked our hotel and enjoyed our balcony rooms during your recent stay for Jazz Fest weekend. Cleanliness is certainly a priority to our team, so we do apologize your room was not promptly maintained while with us and will directly address this with housekeeping to ensure this improves. We appreciate your feedback, and look forward to your next visit with us soon. Take care
Family of four arrived on Bourbon street at 8pm to all of the craziness. The reservation desk was great at explaining everything. Very safe and very clean. The most surprising part of the hotel was it was so quiet in our room. Loved it. Location was amazing. Dear Tdome,Thank you for being our guest at Four Points by Sheraton French Quarter. We are pleased that we could provide you with a gratifying stay and we appreciate your generous comments. Evaluations like these inspire and motivate our team to continue delivering exceptional service. We hope you will choose us every time your travels bring you to New Orleans!Beth AblesGeneral Manager
Very good hotel. Staff are excellent. Location is in the heart of the french quarter. Enjoyed the afternoon sitting on my balcony and watching life unfold on Burbon Street. Everything is within walking distance, so park your car and enjoy the nightlife New Orleans offers and then it is only a short stroll to the hotel.
One of the nicer hotels on Bourbon Street and centrally located. Bourbon Street is booming loud (both music and people) so you have the option of choosing the quiet courtyard rooms if you don't like street action. Stayed on 2nd floor with large balcony, it was beautiful. Rooms were neat and comfortable bathrooms were clean and new looking. Would definitely recommend this hotel.
I do realize Bourbon st a bit noisy, Hotel noisy as well as Bourbon st. with all the construction loud jack hammering. Server (Hope) had entirely to much hair!!! serving food with no hair net or hat on all servers should require hair nets for safety Dear Lisa M,While we are pleased to hear you enjoyed our location, we regret you did not fully enjoy your experience. We try our best to minimize noise from both inside and outside our hotel, and we apologize you were not able to enjoy your experience due to the noise level. Rest assured, your comments in regard to noise and our restaurant servers have been addressed and properly handled. Thank you for your feedback. All the best
It is a beautiful hotel in a perfect location. Smack dab in the middle of Bourbon St. It was really easy to get to off of the highway. Parking at the hotel was a breeze as well. Not all room have refrigerators in the room so be sure to ask in advance. All of the staff we encountered were very pleasant.Thank you Hollie for your feedback. We greatly appreciate your time and are so delighted to hear you had a perfect stay.
Place is clean. Everyone friendly. Close to all hot spots on bourbon. No smell noticed. Good times with good friends!!!! Only negative is we left a 10 tip and wrote a note for extra towels. Tip gone n no extra towels. Will definitely stay on return trip. Dear Kkt5432,Thank you so much for taking the time to write this review. We appreciate your feedback about the tip and we will investigate what happened for future guest stays, but otherwise, we are so glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay at Four Points French Quarter, and we look forward to having you on your next trip to NOLA.
We stayed here for two nights for the New Years Eve. The best thing about this place is its location. Right on Bourbon Street - the place where you would want to be, after coming back from Jackson Square , to celebrate the rest of NY party. The room was okay, clean, a little small. We had asked for a room with balcony on the Bourbon St when booking. But on arrival we were told that we could only get a room with its windows facing Bourbon St. (no balcony) on the 4th floor. The disappointing part was that almost the entire street view is blocked by the extended roof/shade below the window outside. The staff never informed us about this. For the price, we definitely deserved more. Our room however was safe from the street noise. The staff was very helpful and courteous. They had guards to ensure that only hotel guests had an access to the hotel (as Bourbon street can be as crazy as it can get ). So in that sense its safe as well. Kitchen opens up at 6pm for room orders.We had a cab pickup to the airport early morning at 4:30 am. The cab got delayed by 30mins owing to the crowded streets (yes even at 5am in the morning). Overall it was comfortable and was okay. A little pricey based on the room we got. Will I come back to 4 points again Maybe.
We stayed here for 5 nights and we're greeted by friendly helpful staff. Central location is within walking distance to canal st, french market, river, hop on hop off bus (this gets you to lots of other places) etc. Lots of stuff happening at night on the street outside, this is party central so be prepared. We got a room overlooking the internal courtyard so the noise was not an issue for us (and they provided ear plugs). If you have a street balcony room you can watch the action but probably extremely noisy.Only thing was we had to request more milk - each day they provided enough coffee for 2 people but only milk for one. Not a major issue and we sorted it when the housekeeper came.Got food from room service once and this was great. Food in some surrounding places not good. Some places look quite dodgy, wouldn't want to eat there. Would stay again if needed.Thank you Russdi for taking the time to provide your feedback. We are so pleased to hear you enjoyed your five night stay with us, that our staff was able to take care of your needs, and the food was great. We look forward to being your home away from home.
This is the second time we have stayed at this hotel. We enjoyed our 4 night stay here as much as we did the first time! Prime location on Bourbon and Toulouse Streets. The location is within walking distance to French Quarter restaurants, attractions, and shopping as well as the numerous bars and entertainment on Bourbon Street. We recommend the hotel's Cafe' Opera for a delicious Southern breakfast. However, the Puccini bar offerings for dinner were limited. We again stayed in a 3rd floor balcony room that overlooked the Bourbon Street which was complete (this time) with a table and four chairs outside our door. While the Bourbon Street noise was a bit louder this time, ear plugs were provided for us on each of the bedside tables. (We later were told that there were several groups of college students in town). The hotel and rooms were very clean and the entire hotel staff were personable and helpful with great service... This is a fantastic place to stay when visiting NOLA!Dear bobettern,Thank you so much for choosing the Four Points by Sheraton French Quarter once again. Our French Quarter hotel is valued as one of the more unique hotels in all of New Orleans, just steps from world-famous sights and attractions. We are glad to know you were impressed with our attentive service and had a pleasant time with us. Thanks again for the detailed feedback, and we look forward to seeing you again soon. Beth AblesGeneral Manager
We stayed at this hotel in New Orleans, we had coffee machines and water in the room. Our room wasnt huge but it was comfortable, the bed was super comfy, bathroom small but everything you needed. This hotel is in the heart of the French...MoreDear Raci117, Thank you for being our guest at Four Points by Sheraton French Quarter. We are glad you liked your well-equipped room and had a great stay. Thank you again for your feedback, and we hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back...More
I travel on business nationwide constantly, and I'm gold level for most chains: now I know why I don't stay at Sheratons often. Their location on Bourbon Street is bad enough. It took my 1/2 to go one block due to all the drunk revelers walking in the street, and the GPS didn't know what to do. By the time I got to the front desk, I was tired to the point of tears, and the front desk staff were cold, unfriendly and rude. As it turns out the Starwood computer system messed up and showed me as arriving the next night. Despite seeing a well dressed, exhausted middle aged woman asking for help, the front desk lady just looked at me and said, loudly, You're here on the wrong night!looking at me as though I were an idiot. She made NO effort to find me room, NOR did she even offer to call another hotel to get me a room, even though it was almost midnight, for my plane had been delayed three hours!!! I started crying (!) and went back out to get my car from the valet,. I have NEVER been treated so poorly by a hotel: ever! I had to sit in my car with my cell phone charging, calling hotels for a room. Stay away from this property! I called the next day trying to get the manager, and was put on terminal hold, so I hung up.Dear TripGypsi, We are very disheartened to hear of your disappointing experience at our hotel as it is very important to us to make our guests feel welcomed. Our General Manager, Beth Ables, would love the opportunity to personally rectify your experience. Should you like, please contact her directly at b.ablesfourpointsfrenchquarter.com to further discuss your stay. Again, we are very sorry and hope we can make this experience up to you. All the best.
Great hotel in the middle of everything. Booked deal with flight + hotel and was reasonably priced. Staff was great. Friends stayed in other hotel and would come to the Four Points as was centrally located and they said they will stay here next time they are in town and we will also. Thanks for taking care of us.Thank you for your feedback! We are delighted to hear that you had a great time at our hotel and in our great city. We hope to see you again soon.
I generally avoid Four Point as a rule as they generally see to lack that little something extra. However, I was pleasantly surprised with the Four Point by Sheraton French Quarter.From check in to check out, the service was friendly and easy. The rooms and hallways were very clean and well decorated. As with Four Points, the accommodations are somewhat basic, but everything was comfortable and excellent touches were provided. For example, an eye mask and ears plugs are provided. Due to its location in the Quarter directly on Bourbon St. there will be noise. But the location of the hotel is excellent, especially if you expect to party.I was also delighted with a yummy snack (King Cake) in my room in recognition of my SPG status. My only point of critique is that the valet did not every offer to place my luggage in the car when checking out, she just walked away. Oh well, saved me the tip. Otherwise, a great stay!About the reviewer:36 year old single male, well-traveled American. Marriott Reward Platinum, SPG Platinum and lifetime Gold, American Airlines Executive Platinum. Frequent user of the Marriott Rewards Visa Signature and American Express Platinum cards.Dear PMac00,Thank you for taking the time to post your wonderful review of the Four Points by Sheraton French Quarter. We are glad to know you liked our convenient location and the courteous service provided by our guest. Thanks again for being our guest, and we look forward to making your next trip exceptional as well.Beth Ables,General Manager
This hotel was very nice with a great location. (providing what you want to do) I love NOLA so even as a solo visitor for one night I booked with SPG as I always do as a platinum member. Upon arrival I was upgraded (sunday night helps with that always) and the room was nice and shower was just fine.I ran into problem with a very slow internet connection and after making every attempt to fix it on my end... after speaking to a colleague I realized it was simply the internet was bad. This made it very difficult and had to walk and send some documents from a coffee shop. All easy fixes in all honesty.Where i was very disappointed was with the cleanliness of my bed. After waking up and checking that all window were shut as it felt if someone was smoking in my face I realized my pillow had not been washed or were just that old that they reeked of smoke and it actually gave me a bit of a soar throat. When i told the staff, i was met with a simple. Sorry, while I appreciate that at 6am I was expecting something a little more above and beyond. So I went on a walk because I couldn't sleep any longer. Very disappointed.
Average hotel with rude employees, poor customer service. The hotel is VERY loud late into the night (even on week nights), so unless you want a loud, smelly party outside your room EVERY night, stay further off Bourbon St. Dear Artchick214,We are so sorry to hear that you didnt enjoy your stay with us at Four Points French Quarter. We especially want to apologize for the poor customer service you received while at the hotel. I have passed this review on to our management team so that they may address it with the employees and use it as a training tool for future guest stays. If you would like to discuss this matter further, we encourage you to reach out to the General Manager, Beth Ables (b.ablesfourpointsfrenchquarter.com). Again, we are so sorry that your stay with us was less than satisfactory, but we do hope that the rest of your time in the French Quarter was enjoyable.
This place was wonderful as the location wsa close to everying in the French Quarter and I was lucky enough to have a room away from the noise in Bourbon Street. Gorgeous pool area, delightful concierge and lovely ambience. I just loved it.
The Sheraton Four Points is a 5 story hotel right at the corner of Bourbon Toulouse street. If you want balcony and to be in the middle of the party choose a balcony over Bourbon and if you still want a balcony on the street but more quiet, the balconies over Toulouse will do the trick for total quiet you can choose a balcony with pool view. Overall the Four Points offers the usual perks of the Starwood hotels, great attention, clean rooms and reliable brand. The room doors are shorter that usual so the sound in the hallways can be heard inside, but it all becomes quiet after 11 pm. Room service is fast and convenient. No hotel has the location over Bourbon that Four Points has. Is not in the middle of the bars but is two blocks from there so it makes it the closest brand hotel to the party and parades.Cleaning service has improved a lot, it was timely and effective. Sure it takes time to clean the whole floor specially on a hotel where, in general people wakes up around 10 or 11 am, do not pretend the cleaning crew will be waiting behind the door to rush into your room and clean it.Definitely I would use this hotel next time in New Orleans.My recommendation to the hotel management is to have fans available for some guests that may need them.
We stayed at the Four Points the second week in October. The location is right on Bourbon street and we were not bothered by any noise but being on the 4th floor might have helped. The staff was generally friendly, except for the after hours security guard at the main entrance. He was a bit rude. We had two adjoining rooms and one was quite cold and could not be adjusted any warmer. The room adjacent had the opposite problem being to warm and unable to adjust any cooler. The beds were comfy and the bathrooms were modern and clean. Breakfast service off the lobby was convenient and tasty but they did change the menu the last morning we were there shrinking the menu offerings. Overall a good stay and I would return again.Thank you Gerry for sharing your feedback with us. We are pleased to see you enjoyed your stay. We look forward to your next arrival.
My son and I stayed here one night to have a look at Tulane. We could see in advance that it was a good value. When we arrived, being Platinum, they offered us the opportunity to stay in a 3rd floor balcony room. What was also impressive is they alerted us in advance that it would be noisy and gave us the option to take a courtyard room. We decided, not getting to NOLA often, to get stay in the balcony room. We had a great view of the passers by and street entertainment all night and it was great that as we got hungry we could just walk out of the hotel and within a few blocks are some really good restaurants. We were there on a Sunday night and the drums were pounding loudly until 4 am. I learned two things from it 1) this hotel room came equipped with two sets of earplugs (which we did not use) and 2) I was so tired I slept ok even with all the noise.To sum up, very good staff, great location, good value. It is true that a Bourbon street-side room is not for everyone. If loud noise most of the night is a big problem, just ask for a courtyard room. But is you want the unique view of Bourbon Street, the balcony rooms give you the best view in the city. If you use the earplugs or noise cancellation, you will be fine.Thank you Havasupai123 for providing your feedback on your stay with us. We are so pleased to hear you and your son enjoyed your Bourbon balcony room. We greatly appreciate the perfect score. We hope to be your home away from home when your son selects his NOLA college.
Stayed here for two nights you have to get a balcony on bourbon st even though it's one big balcony all rooms come onto it not a private one at night it's wild the hotel itself was excellent clean a bit old but nice and at night you have to show your hotel key to get into the hotel so the drunks don't come in staff was very friendly and helpful I would stay there againThank you for your feedback! We look forward to seeing you again during your next visit to New Orleans.
This hotel has an excellent location! It is right in the heart of the French Quater. You're surrounded by food, alcohol, and the sounds of NO. I stayed here during Essence Music Festival and I loved the convenience of being ablt to walk everywhere but the hotel itself is ehhh subpar. It is clean but dated. The bathroom door actually came off and it took maitenance 2 days to come and fix it.
Stayed here from Wednesday through Saturday February 27th till March 2nd. We had a roll away bed in the room and it had bed bugs, which means they can be anywhere in this hotel. Not getting much of an answer from the Hotel manager on this one, was supposed to call me but hasn't. Our toilet was broken and had to be plunged three times while we were there, we just gave up and used the toilet in the restaurant downstairs, which was hard to get to because the elevator was broken the entire time we were there. Not a great experience. The photo is actual if I wanted to fake one off the internet I would pick one that looked worse, actual bedbug bites from The Sheraton Four Points New Orleans on Bourbon St.We inspected every roll-away bed in our inventory and found no infestation of any kind. We also checked for substances that may cause skin irritation or allergic reactions. Again we found nothing. Our hotel is regularly serviced by a reputable extermination organization that provides reports of any pest findings. We answer all consumer concern calls but no one has attempted to contact me or my management staff on this matter.
This hotel is situated with the front right on Bourbon Street and the back on Toulouse Street so don't expect it to be quiet. If you are into the late night night scene, this is great place to get quickly back to your room. Rooms are decent and clean.Thank you gecco2003 for taking the time to review your stay with us. We greatly appreciate your feedback. We hope to see you again on your next trip to New Orleans.
Disappointing wouldnt begin to encompass our experience here last weekend. Perhaps it was due to the holiday weekend, but as SPG Gold members, we have never experienced service as blatantly rude as we did at this property. It was so unbelievable at times we thought we surely were the victims of an odd hidden camera show where at any point a host might pop out and say Just kidding! We just wanted to record your facial expressions while we lied to you, hung up on you, and generally treated loyal paying guests like dirt. First off, the good this hotel is in a great location if you want to be in the heart of the French Quarter. Youre in the middle of Bourbon Streets action and the hotel gives you easy access to many of the citys attractions. The staff who man the valet are friendly and awesome. The pillows are comfortable. Thats about the end of the positives. During our three night stay two couples, two rooms we experienced many negatives. In addition to just generally unkempt rooms (smelled like stale vomit when we walked in the door, showers dont drain, sticky surfaces) they were not cleaned until very late in the day. Even cleaned, dirty towels were left in the room, trash wasnt taken away, and little more done than smoothing out the duvet and tossing clean towels on the bathroom shelves. Wed been informed by Starwood that a junior suite was available and that we would have the option to upgrade on our second and third nights, however, the front desk denied having a suite available for us. We reconfirmed a suite was available with Starwood, and then were again lied to by the hotels front desk staff who told us they did not have a suite available for us. Each of these interactions were incredibly brusque and rude. Early Saturday morning, when my husband returned from an evening out with his brother, he called down to the front desk and asked if a bottle of water could be sent up to the room, as wed already used the single bottle of complimentary water provided much earlier during our stay. The front desk attendant told him no and that he could come back down to the front desk and BUY a bottle of water. He told her that in every other Starwood property weve stayed in, it hasnt been a problem to get an extra bottle of complimentary water and that hed be happy to come down to the desk to get it, but didnt want to buy one. She told him he could come down and buy a bottle of water, then hung up on him. It was raining on Sunday morning and at 8:30am we called the front desk to ask if the hotel had any umbrellas available for guests to borrow. We were told, No theyre already all out for the day. And again promptly hung up on. No alternate suggestions, no apologies. It doesnt take a genius to know there are not a lot of people staying on Bourbon Street up and roaming around at 8:30am on a Sunday morning. Fast forward to a couple of hours later when we returned to the hotel to prepare to check out and head home. We asked for a couple of trash bags to put our now soaking clothes in for the trip home. Fully expecting a No and hang up, we were shocked when they said theyd send some up. Guess we should have known better than to get our hopes up because the trash bags didnt show up until over half an hour later, as we were walking out the door, and had made due shifting our luggage around other ways and utilizing gifts bags from shopping. Couple all this with the hotel staff being generally unfriendly no returned smile or greeting when you enter the hotel, no effort to provide any degree of positive customer service or build rapport, no willingness to help ensure you actually enjoy your time at their property it was an incredibly disconcerting Starwood experience. If you just want a place to lay your head in between jaunts on Bourbon Street and service means nothing to you, this is your place. Otherwise, avoid at all costs.I am very sorry to hear of your experience during your stay with us. The comments you have noted are certainly disappointing to hear. We truly value our guests and strive to make sure that our guests have a positive experience during their time with us. We will certainly address your concerns with appropriate staff members. Feel free to contact me directly if you would like to discuss further. We truly appreciate your feedback. Thank you!
If you want the Bourbon Street experience, then this is a great hotel for you. I was recently there on business so I requested an interior room rather than a balcony overlooking Bourbon Street. The room was very quiet and cozy. The fitness center is very small and does not offer a lot of options. It is an interior room with no windows, which makes you feel like your working out in a basement. The ceilings are also low and I almost hit the light fixtures with the weights a couple of times, and with my head on the elliptical machine. The staff was very nice and friendly, however, they failed to advise me that they would be working on the hot water lines from 7am -7pm, so I ended up taking a cold shower with water pressure that was very low. Overall, I would stay there again if I end up back in New Orleans.
My friends and I stayed here for three nights for a very reasonable price during the month of May. The room was very warm and welcoming with extremely comfortable beds. The staff was very friendly and quickly recognized us as staying with them. The location was absolutely perfect off of Bourbon St. and provides the entertaining experience that New Orleans has to offer. The courtyard is beautiful with the pool, but there is no hot tub.Dear Honest R,Thank you so much for taking the time to review our hotel. We are so happy to hear that you enjoyed your stay, and that you found the staff helpful and friendly. We understand there are a lot of options when visiting the French Quarter, so we are happy that you chose to stay with us at Four Points. We hope that the next time you visit you will book another stay.
Great location, No self parking, I don't like to valet when I have valuables in the car but no option here..... front desk helpful and quick to respond to requests. Bedding and bed were wonderful very comfortable. Stayed in NOLA many times will definitely be back to this hotel.
Friendly staff good service absolutely no complaints pleasant and amiable right down to maintainence. In the restaurant was a good quality hot and fresh staff was friendly and very compentent. Staff was very gracious Assist us around all the street constructionDear B7389ALcarolw,It was a pleasure reading your review of Four Points by Sheraton French Quarter. We have an exceptional team whose top priority is making sure every guest is comfortable and satisfied, and we are glad to know you had a pleasant experience here. Thank you for choosing us, and we look forward to your next trip in the near future.Beth AblesGeneral Manager
Great hotel, nice pool and an awesome staff. Conveniently located right in the middle of many great food spots and bars!! Surrounding the hotel nightlife is always jumping!! The bar in the hotel is small, but the drinks and the food are good. You wont be disappointed with staying here!!Dear JERWON A,Thank you for sharing about your stay at Four Points by Sheraton French Quarter. We appreciate the flattering remarks and are glad you enjoyed our hotel located in the heart and soul of New Orleans. We understand the importance of the details that make up a great experience and are happy knowing our thoughtful amenities and brilliant service enhanced your visit with us. Thanks again for recommending us, and we look forward to your next trip soon.Beth AblesGeneral Manager
I have just spent 10 days at this Hotel, I was there 3 years ago (Bourbon Street Inn)and could see a great improvement in all aspects with the new owners Sheraton Four Point. Checking in was quick and staff were friendly, I was pleasantly surprised with the room,nicely furnished with plenty of wardrobe space and drawers, there was a safe, a free bottle water each day and coffee facilities. I also loved that they have plenty of lamps for light. A very comfortable easy chair plus two ottomans for further seating. The desk chair could be adjusted to different heights. I truly loved the FREE WiFI available in my room and throughout the Hotel. My room 228 was on the second floor, it had a double French door that opened onto a long balcony that had chairs for relaxing, this overlooked the pool which has a very pretty and well arranged garden ,seating and lounging furniture. The thing I didn't like was the smokers who sat out on these balconies, or sat around the pool ,if you had your door open one could not help get the smoke smell.i found during my stay I only needed to have the aircon on only once for a short time. Service to the rooms was excellent as was maintenance . I must say the beds are to die for, so comfortable and beautiful fresh sheets. The pillows I know many love these big fluffy ones ,but I like a flat pillow and not many have them anymore. Bathroom has plenty of light ,a lot of counter space which every woman loves and a good shower with plenty of hot water. I am not a party goer or stay out late, so I prefer the backside of the Hotel (poolside) as it is quiet and you don't hear the party revellers which go on until early hours of the morning, the front rooms do overlook Bourbon Street,these lead onto a verandah where you can watch the street activities . The Conference facilities were excellent and food quality very good, I ate their for most meals. I would certainly recommend this Hotel you are in the heart of Bourbon Street,easy walk to most things and the quaintest shops in and around the Hotel.
right in the middle of the French Quarter on Bourbon St. Can't get any better than that. The price was reasonable and the people were very friendly. Rooms are comfortable. The pool courtyard is cozy. What else is there to say
This hotel is in a perfect location for the French Quarter. We have visited New Orleans many times. This was the first time we stayed at this hotel. The hotel was decorated beautifully for the holiday season.The staff did everything to make our stay a pleasure. When we checked in Diana made sure that our room was as reserved. We had a courtyard room with a private balcony. Diana gave a complementary upgrade to our brother so that his room was only three doors away. Our rooms were not ready when we arrived at the hotel at 9:30am. We were notified promptly when our rooms were ready. Merlin of the front desk staff was also very helpful and always greeted us with a sincere smile when we went by the front desk.Larry the bellman made sure that we always had a cab. If there was not a cab at the cabstand he would go up the street and find us one. This was most appreciated.The concierge staff were friendly and knowledgeable. We called the hotel a few weeks before our stay for some assistance. Celia provided us recommendations of restaurants that would be open on Christmas. When we arrived at the hotel she also made recommendations for restaurants that would meet our needs. We were very pleased with the recommendations that she made. During our stay we also met with Mary. She also made many good suggestions for us.Housekeeping kept our room clean and spotless. Our request for a blanket was responded to within a few minutes.We ate a lunch and a breakfast at the hotel. The food was of high quality and met our expectations. We liked the turkey, brie and apple sandwich so much that we tried to make it once we returned home. Our's didn't taste as good as it did at the hotel.
This hotel is in the middle of all the Bourbon Street , very convenient. Our room was huge and comfortable. It did however need more lighting in the room. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. The in house restaurant served very good food. Breakfast were standard fare, basically buffet of scrambledeggs, meat, fruit, cereal and sometimes oatmeal. It was great just to walk out the hotel door and be right in the middle of all the activity!
It's hard to review a hotel located in a place like the French Quarter as it is not going to be your typical hotel - it will be crowded, space will be at a premium and it can invite a crowd that will not be for everyone. I was traveling for the first time to New Orleans and brought the family (which includes two teenage boys) so I was a bit nervous about what I was getting myself into. I was very pleasantly surprised by my choice of the Four Points for many reasons.First, the property couldn't be more centrally located - its right in the middle of Bourbon St. Second, the hotel, despite its location and the type of crowd the French Quarter attracts, is extremely clean and well maintained. The rooms, while a bit on the small side, were modern (while maintaining some of the French Quarter character), and clean. Couldn't have asked for more. Third, the place was reasonably quiet - it may have been the time we went (middle of the week in July) but we never lost sleep. Fourth, the staff were extremely friendly and accommodating. Only a few negatives - Parking is expensive (30/day) and the house keeping a bit slow - they didn't clean our room until the early evening.A couple of tips - if you want a Bourbon St. view but not the noise, request a 5th floor room. You won't have a balcony but you will have a view of the action with less of the crowd noise. Also, if driving be sure to enter via Toulouse St. - French Quarter can be very confusing with all the one way streets and parking is not available on Bourbon St.Dear whisox,Were happy to hear you loved your NOLA experience with our hotel and enjoyed our great location convenient to all of the excitement on Bourbon Street. Thank you for your raving review and sharing your tips to future guests! We cant wait to see you again. Take care.
We stayed here for 5 days for a New England patriots game and some sight seeing!Hotel was a perfect location to stay if you want to be right in the heart of all the action on Burbon St. The hotel was clean and well staffed. The staff is professional and courteous, always there to help with whatever we needed. The restaurant in the hotel lobby was good we had breakfast there one morning.( not included)The only downside to this hotel and any hotel on Burbon St is the odor from the street. The pungent smell from the nightlife and high traffic of the street take some serious getting used to. I'm not sure I could ever get used to it. Thank you JulieE1107 for sharing your feedback with us. We are delighted to see you had a great 5 days with us. We hope to be your home away from home whenever your travels bring you back to New Orleans.
we really enjoyed our stay here. you can walk right out the front of the hotel and BOOM! you are smack dab in the middle of it all. Make sure you make a lap or two to find the best deals. The food at Oceana's and Margaritaville was great!! we will be backDear Matt M,We are happy to hear that you enjoyed your time with us as well as our convenient location in French Quarter. We look forward to seeing you again in the future! Take care.
Visiting New Orleans on a Southwest vacations package booked from the UK, wanted to stay in the French Quarter so chose the Four Points. Great hotel and great location, the staff are very welcoming and check in is a doddle.My wife and I have just had a superb meal in the hotel dining room, why anyone would want to eat in the local bars when they can get a great value meal at the hotel beats me, decided to only have 2 courses, however the chef came out to ask us in we had enjoyed our meal and convinced us to try the creme brulee, glad he did as it was to die for, if you are booked into this hotel check the menu out, enjoy dinner then enjoy all that Bourbon Street has to offer.Dave UKDave. UK
Stayed here in October for my cousins Bachelor party and for a bunch of mid 20 party goers we found this hotel to be perfect as it is right on bourbon street and in the French quarter of New Orleans. Locations was key for us and this was literally the perfect location as we only stayed on bourbon for the majority of our trip. The rooms weren't the most spacious but it was enough for four people. The pool area was outside and small. If you're looking for a quiet and relaxing getaway this might not be the place for you as the noise can spill into the hotel rooms that face bourbon street but rooms that face the side streets are somewhat quieter. Overall good stay and would return no questions asked. Thanks CostasDaGreek for taking the time to review your stay with us at the Four Points by Sheraton French Quarter. We are happy to see you enjoyed your time in New Orleans for the Bachelor Party and stay with us. We welcome you back anytime!
The location was great- we were right on Bourbon and in (what felt like) the middle of the French Quarter. The hotel was safe, I appreciated that there was security at the entrance at night (even Sunday and Monday night) to keep out non guests. The hotel staff was very helpful. We repeatedly asked for suggestions and got great places as well as directions. The hotel was clean. The pool wasn't large but it was nice, equal parts of shade and sun available. Try using the concierge to book your tours, you could get money off. I wish the shampoo, conditioner and body gel didn't smell so masculine but I did appreciate the eco friendly refillable bottles in the shower instead of the travel bottles. Amanda - Thank you for taking the time to review your stay and for choosing our hotel. If you are traveling to New Orleans again, we would love to have you as our guest.
Paid 600 a night because it was jazzfest. King Bourbon Street Balcony room. Expected a private balcony on Bourbon Street as I had called several times to confirm this fact. When we checked in there was some sort of problem and the guy leaves to go into a back room to straighten something out. At that point we knew there was some sort of issue. He comes back to the counter and tells us we have the most requested room in the hotel. Sounds pretty good, right Nope. Got a corner room on Toulouse and Bourbon with a SHARED balcony. Of course because of the balcony location on the corner, everyone wanted to sit right in front of our balcony door even though the tables in front of their balcony doors were empty. I was told there was nothing I could do about it because it was a shared balcony. BUMMER. I wouldn't have paid 600 a night for a shared anything. It truly sucked. When I asked the front desk to please ask the people in front of my door to move to the table in front of their own door I was rudely told it was a shared balcony and there was nothing I could do about it. Then the guy proceeded to hang up on me. LOL Because I'm a member of Starwood I called and complained. They credited me with 12,000 points (which is good for a free nights' stay in most of their hotels) but I would have preferred to just cut my losses and be refunded for all three nights so I could get out of there.The room was tiny and so thrashed. Look at the photos. Torn curtains hanging. Beat up furniture, missing hooks in bathroom, mold in bathroom, shower rod hanging off of cracked shower tiles. The batteries kept falling out of the safe so they came and duct taped them in. Yes, they actually duct taped it. Seriously, the place is a dive. There was no heat (A/C stuck on blast) and no hot water. They were not happy that we wanted it fixed. They never did fix the heat but they eventually did come and take the faucet apart in the bathroom and we had hot water after two days of no hot water.I will say... the lobby area and common areas are actually really nice. The staff is very rude and acts like everything is an inconvenience to them but the lobby really is nice.I'm not sensitive to noise so I have no complaints about that. However, there is a club on each corner of this particular room and they go loud until 4am. Like I said, doesn't bother me but just something to be aware of. I like the loud music and party atmosphere and the bed was comfortable so I had no problem sleeping.Don't waste your money. This is a one star hotel charging five star prices.Thank you TnCWenzl for your feedback. On behalf of the Four Points by Sheraton French Quarter, please accept my apology for the inconvenience you experienced with us during your recent stay. We strive to ensure our guests experience the best visits possible during their travels and we fell short of our goal this time. We hope you give us another try on your next trip to New Orleans!
This was the first time we stayed in a hotel where earplugs were provided! Bars on the 3 other corner, thus the earplugs. The staff was incredible, helpful beyond our wildest dreams. We did not have a balcony room, but we could see Bourbon street from our room. This is an old historical building, so the rooms are smaller than newer places. The bathroom doors were bifolds to accommodate the limited space. We loved the location, the service, and the restaurant. Can't wait to come back!Thank you MrsMarx for your valued feedback. We are excited to see you enjoyed your trip to New Orleans. We are also looking forward to your next stay.
We had a great experience here. The beds and pillows are really comfortable. It is loud outside, but we were tired at the end of the day so it didn't bother us much and we slept well. It was so fun being on the balcony. Mary the Concierge was wonderful. We enjoyed the live music and food at the bar. One downside: bathrooms are really small, and only one hook to hang towels.Dear expat5Warsaw,Thank you for being our guest at Four Points by Sheraton French Quarter. We love knowing you had an outstanding stay and that our team left a great impression. We cant wait to share your kind comments with Mary. Thanks so much for the kind review and look forward to having you as our guest again.Beth AblesGeneral Manager
I was told by the Westin agent that this was far enough down on Bourbon St that it would be ok for my 8 and 9 yr old. Well, before we got in the door my kids saw what they called 3 naked girls...with paint on them. I asked the people at the desk if could switch to a different hotel and John Fisher, at the desk, helped us out and got us a switch over to The W....much better atmosphere for kids!
Nice hotel right on Bourbon Street in the heart of the French Quarter. Hotel offers rooms with a balcony so you can throw those beads! We stayed o the top floor in a room overlooking Bourbon, it was noisy all night. We were okay with that, and they provided earplugs. The bed was very comfy and the old building was beautiful. If you don't want a loud room you should probably request a courtyard room. Over all a nice hotel and I would recommend it.Thank you mchllsur for taking the time to review your stay with us. We are grateful for the recommendation and five stars! We are so excited to see you had a great time in the French Quarter and stay with us. We hope to see you again soon!
We spent seven full days here, Tuesday to Tuesday. It was the perfect spot for Southern Decadence. Not in the middle of it all in terms gay-world (that would be St. Ann and Bourbon) but only three blocks off. It was crazy-noisy from the balcony we had on Bourbon Street, so I wore earplugs to sleep (even though we rarely wen to bed before 3:30 or 4am, it was still loud!) But that was to be expected and part of the fun. Great staff, very respectful. They check room keys after dark, which I really appreciated. And we hung out on our balcony in just our underwears and threw beads to the men who earned it, and never got any grief. Very open to all types, very gay friendly. It was clean, too. And no smell of smoke. We would go back in a heartbeat.
The rooms are small but clean. We had a terrace by the pool, nice. No refrigerator in the room. They only leave 1 bottle of water per day.no heated pool. No fan in the bathroom for the humidity. Also parking is pricey. Location is excellent for the Bourbon Street experienceDear Kristen W,Although we are pleased to hear you enjoyed our prime, Bourbon Street location in addition to our clean guest rooms, we are sorry you were not fully satisfied with your stay. We take our guest comments very seriously, and will share your comments with our team to evaluate ways we can improve guest experience. Thank you for your review, and we hope the rest of your NOLA trip was a good one. Take care
This hotel is located in the heart of Bourbon street, which is the prime location in the French Quarter and 3 minute walk to Canal street. The hotel is clean, comfortable and safe. My room had a balcony that overlooked Toulouse Street which is a side street off of Bourbon Street. The balcony doors opened and seating on balcony. At night, I could hear a little traffic noise, but nothing loud enough to keep me awake. The hotel is currently undergoing construction by adding a swimming pool. The hotel also has a full size garage on site with valet parking. I thought that the overnight parking was reasonable (38/night). The drinks at the bar were decent, although there is a restaurant on site I did not eat at the hotel. Would definitely stay at this location again.
Its not easy to get a GOOD hotel ON Bourbon street. This is one of them, but you'll pay a price, of course.The rooms are not large, but comfortable enough. The bathroom was so tiny that they had to split the door so it could open. One lamp wouldn't light, but we managed without it. Otherwise it was maintained well enough.We booked a standard King room, but they ran out and HAD to give us a balcony room. I'm very glad that happened, since the balcony made a BIG difference. Even being on the street (albeit on the third floor) the room was quiet enough to sleep without bein bothered by the noise outside - which was considerable. The balconies are semi-private, so you need to lock your doors at night and when you leave. We were there during Spring Break and the streets were full of partying college-age students. I'm sure this street is full most of the time They have a pool, which we didn't use. The big draw of this hotel is its location, right in the heart of the French Quarter on Bourbon Street. That's what you're paying for. (And so will your car - 35 extra per night)Dear Jim,Thank you for your valuable feedback. We were glad to read you were thoroughly pleased with our location in the heart and soul of New Orleans at the crossroads of Bourbon and Toulouse Streets and that the balcony room made your stay that much more special. We're sorry the bathroom size was a concern for you. We have a selection of room sizes available and will be happy to offer you another option the next time you stay with us. Thank you again for allowing us to be of service to you and we hope to welcome you back soon.Beth AblesGeneral Manager
I was in town for an HR conference in June. This hotel is on Bourbon street on the corner of Bourbon and Toulouse - right in the heart of the French Quarter and within walking distance to everywhere - Jackson square, cafe du mond, excellent restaurants (check out my other reviews) and shopping.The rooms are fine, nothing fancy (the shower head was coming out of the wall, the bathroom is small, the carpet is worn and i think there was something wrong with the AC in my room 215 - no matter how high i turned it up it still felt like 65 degrees, so i called housekeeping and asked for a blanket. The bed is incredibly comfortable, and my room had a balcony with a view to the pool and the inner courtyard - fabulous!I want to send a shout out to two of the staff members - Allen, the bell captain who is friendly, knowledgeable,and incredibly helpful (ask him for recommendation for anything, he won't disappoint) and Bella, who saw me walk out of my room on a rainy day outside and immediately offered me a rain coat... I have never met so many nice people! I will be back.Thank you loves2travel2011 for sharing your experience with us. Please accept our apology for the inconvenience you experienced with the a/c and shower head. We have informed the appropriate hotel team to look into the issues and correct them moving forward. With a mission to provide superior customer service, we take great pride in serving your needs and are delighted to hear that we have met your expectations. We will share your feedback with Allen and Bella. Thank you for staying at the Four Points by Sheraton French Quarter and we hope you choose to stay with us again whenever your travel needs bring you back to New Orleans.
This hotel has it all... free WiFi, comfortable beds, free coffee, and ideal location. It's in the heart of it all. The staff (particularly Neil) are so super sweet, nice, and friendly. Everything was great. Yes, if you have a room that faces Bourbon, it can be loud. On the flip side, it is also fun. I got to watch street performers from the comfort of my room or join a friend on a balcony. LOVE.Dear ManayunkMichelle,Were pleased you loved your stay with us and enjoyed our comfortable beds, free amenities, and great location. Thank you for writing us a review, and we look forward to hopefully hosting you again in the future. Take care.
Same hotel, same great location, same great bed and incredibly comfortable pillows. So how can the review of my second stay here drop down to one star after previously according this hotel five stars on my other visit Easy, room service, or better stated, lack thereof. We were there for three nights. On our second day, we headed out early and knowing we were going to be gone for at least several hours, we thought it would be an opportune time for them to clean our room and make the bed. Upon our return and to our dismay, the room had not yet been made up. But we figured, no biggie, they can do so once we head out to dinner. And they did indeed do the job. The next day, the same thing. We headed out for a few hours and asked them to once again make up the room while we were out. We even gently reminded housekeeping of what happened the previous day, and they assured us the room would be done by the time we returned. Well, once again, when we returned, nothing had been done. Not being too happy, we spoke with the housekeeping supervisor and explained the situation. She apologized and said they'd get right on it, so we headed out to have some fun (always something to do in this town). But yet again, after we returned, the room still was unmade. We went downstairs and firmly, but nicely complained to the desk clerk about our situation. She said that someone would be sent up promptly, so we headed to a bar and killed about an hour and a half. Upon returning, almost incredibly so, the room was still not made up. By now we were extremely frustrated, so I called down and asked to speak with the on-site manager. I explained everything to him, expressing our frustration and feeling that our requests were blatantly disregarded. He assured me that the room would be cleaned immediately and even deducted 100 off our bill. Well, the room was finally cleaned and yes, our bill was reduced by 100, but the bad taste hasn't left my mouth. This was horrible customer service and be rest assured we will not stay here again.Thank you simiseeu for taking the time to provide your feedback on your recent stay with us. As we pride ourselves on delivering a memorable hotel experience during your travels, we have unfortunately fallen short of our goal during your recent stay. Please accept our sincere apology for the cleanliness issue you had with your guest room as well as in inconvenience you had to endure because of our housekeeping department. We have shared your feedback with the appropriate hotel team to ensure that this was an isolated issue that is corrected moving forward.Upholding our commitment to provide a memorable experience with exceptional service, we hope to have an opportunity to better your experience with us whenever your travels bring you back to New Orleans.
I liked the look and location of the hotel in proximity of the bowling center but had a lot of problems with the customer service. First off I booked a double room, we arrive at 1:30 A.M. to find out that they had overbooked and ended up with a room with a full bed and a fold out sofa that... More
I have pictures of dirty linen, stained duvet covers, no cups in the breakfast bar, no butter, curtains torn. At breakfast we spoke with another couple who called and demanded clean towels also
Very few lights in the room were working. Microwave glass on front broken. Seal on refrigerator was broken. Had to dress for a wedding in the bathroom as this was the only place where there was enough light, management refused us a different room. I took pictures as well but management didn't want to see them when I reported when... More
On business trips I look for clean rooms. Decent bedding. No foreign smells. Towels that are larger than postage stamps and softer than sandpaper. Not asking a lot.... but many properties cant make the grade. This is a nice, reasonably priced property. Recommended.
MoreMore
excellent hotel. I can't say anything negative-honestly! I especially enjoyed the salt water pool. I didn't use the weight room but if I had been feeling better I would have. the staff...the two people I worked with were very kind and helpful. they were also very good with the other people I had seen there. honestly, the bed was a bit harsh but I also have a back injury so someone else may love it. tv was huge. the toiletries were a nice touch.there was a bit of a detergent smell in the hall way but it just means someone was trying to keep the place clean.the location was about perfect. I'm not an expert on new Orleans but it seemed a little safer/ quieter than bourbon street.Thank you for the wonderful comments and for taking the time to let everyone know about your visit. We are thrilled that we had the opportunity to serve you and hope to see you again. We will be sure to share your feedback with the staff. They will be very glad that everyone exceeded your expectations. We hope to see you again soon.Sincerely,Scott CampbellGeneral Manager
Met some friends here upon their recommendation for dinner. The food and service was outstanding. Every dish was delightful and not overly priced especially with the quality of food we received. This is definitely a place I would recommend and will go back to.
I visit New Orleans 2 to 4 times a year. My wife and I found the French market inn in 2011 and I stay there now ever time I'm in town. There are three reasons I like it. One it's one of the least expensive hotels in the French Quarter (often less than 100 per night) Two it's one of the nicest, cleanest,and quaint hotels in the French Quarter. Third and most important to me is location. It looks directly across Decatur street at the Mississippi River, is two blocks from Jackson square, three blocks from cafe dumonde, 5 blocks from bourbon street, and about seven blocks to the casino.The only thing I can say that I don't like is the valet service. They are not always available at check in time and Decatur is a very busy street so getting one of the three available unloading spots can be tough. If you pack light and don't plan on moving your car often I would suggest parking across the street in the large lot adjacent to the old Jax brewery. 27 for 24 hours which is cheaper than the hotel valet charge per day.I highly recommend this hotel!!!
We have stayed here over the past three years and found it a nice alternative to the big hotels. It seems that the property maintenance is not kept up. External building cleanliness has deteriorated along with the quarters decline in upkeep. Rooms are clean but small and cramped if you have a lot of luggage. The hotel location remains very important and is very convenient to most restaurants and bars. Bums hanging out on the sidewalk and on corner of hotel are bothersome. You don't really want to deal with a foul mouth drunk or whatever on your way into your room. We appreciate your feedback and apologize that you were disappointed with some aspects of your stay. We take pride in our historic hotel and are always working to improve. Please know that your comments will be shared with our management team. We thank you for your loyal patronage over the last three years and we look forward to the opportunity to welcome you back to the Quarter.
We stayed for a long weekend from May 22-25. Tha room was large and clean. The bed was comfy. The staff was friendly and helpful. I only saw Patrick the cat once, totally adorable. The pool is small, but just what you needed after walking the French quarter. Our room had a small balcony over the courtyard. It was a nice place to sit and take it all in. The location is perfect! I can't wait to stay there again! Thank you FRench Market for such an enjoyable trip!
Can't beat the location, plus the rooms are clean and updated. The staff was wonderful - they even brought a great bottle of champagne to our room because we were celebrating our first anniversary! The courtyard and pool are beautiful, I will definitely stay here again.Hi Jill, thank you for choosing the French Market Inn - we're happy to hear y'all enjoyed your anniversary stay! We appreciate your recommendation, and look forward to welcoming you back to our French Quarter hotel soon.
I love this hotel! The place was really really clean and the staff was super nice. I stayed for 4 nights during Mardi Gras and they do give you bracelets that you have to put on during your stay for your safety. It's really close to Bourbon St and across from HM. Everything is nearby. This was the cheapest hotel in the area and it was the best one to stay.Hi Celina, thank you for choosing our French Quarter Hotel for your Mardi Gras stay in New Orleans! We're glad you enjoyed your stay near Bourbon Street and appreciate your feedback about our value. We look forward to welcoming you back to the French Market Inn soon.
We stayed there on a recent trip to New Orleans, and picked a hotel at random. Man did I luck out and choose a winner! This place is great! Great rooms, great prices, great location! You are within walking distance of dozens of fine restaurants, and the waterfront, and the tours of the area, and a great park with horse and buggy rides, and bars, and coffee shops,etc!We think you're a winner too! Thank you for choosing the French Market Inn and taking the time to share your feedback. It was a pleasure to host your stay, and we hope to welcome you for your next French Quarter visit.
This is a quaint hotel in the French Quarter that is close to everything. The staff are so wonderful and will do anything to accomodate their guests. The courtyard is so peaceful and our king bed room was beautuful. It overlooked the courtyard and Patrick the resident cat made the stay even better.
This hotel is beautiful and the courtyard is huge and nice. The location is great, close to Jackson Square and Bourbon Street. There is no restaurant, but it's close to so many places to eat that doesn't really matter. Also, it's relatively easy to get to by car.HI Brennan, review like yours are what we strive for! Thank you for taking the time to share your valuable feedback, we appreciate your kind words and look forward to welcoming you back to the Big Easy soon.
From the street, it doesn't look like much. Inside, it has plenty of character. Rooms were nice and clean. Courtyard is closed in and safe. People were smoking or sipping cocktails there. Walking distance to Bourbon Street (4 blocks). Stayed on a Wednesday at a very reasonable rate. My wife would love this place. For the price, cleanliness, character, and location, had to give it 5 stars.Thank you for choosing the French Market Inn, we're delighted to hear that we exceeded your expectations for your New Orleans stay. We appreciate your kind words about our location and accommodations, and look forward to welcoming you back in the future.
We initially reserved a street view balcony room. After one night of no sleep due to the noise, we asked to move to another room. Luckily they were able to move us to a courtyard room and we were much happier there. Rooms are on the small side, since these are old buildings. Room was clean and comfortable. Bathroom was good sized. Rooms and common areas showing a bit of wear and tear. Could use some paint and carpet cleaning. Courtyard was lovely with a small pool. There is also a pool room with bathroom and vending machines. Staff were very nice and Patrick the resident cat was a nice presence around the hotel.Location was great for exploring the French Quarter. Jackson square just a block away.Thank you for choosing the French Market Inn and taking the time to share your positive experience. Your comments have been passed on to management and are being addressed. We're happy that you were pleased with our courtyard accommodations, and appreciate your kind words about our staff (and Patrick). We look forward to welcoming you again next time you're in the Crescent City!
We had a really nice time staying at the French Market Inn. It was walking distance to everything you want to see in the French Quarter and had a lot of character. It can seem confusing when you're looking online because it is actually a series of several buildings all linked by a courtyard, but they provided us a map and clear directions to find our room. We were in an outer building which was an old building but cool in a historic kind of way. We stayed in an interior room (thanks, other TripAdvisor reviewers, for putting our mind at ease about that!) - it really was not a big deal. The only consideration is that the sun will not wake you in the morning, but in every other way it felt like other hotel rooms. The only issue we encountered was that our room didn't seem to be serviced as completed as I might have liked - we ran out of towels and plastic cups and even though I requested them, they were never actually replenished. We made do and didn't feel like it was worth a big fuss. Staff at the front desk were always very friendly and welcoming. We enjoyed feeling so central to all the NOLA fun and took an hour at one point to just enjoy the courtyard and relax. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel, especially if you're looking for a more unique experience!Hi Whitney, thank you for recommending the French Market Inn. We value your feedback about our historic property and are thrilled you enjoyed your time with us in the French Quarter. We're constantly working to improve our guest experience, and the comments about your accommodations are being addressed. We look forward to welcoming you back to our New Orleans hotel soon.
lovely boutique hotel in the perfect spot. Room was clean and nicely decorated. The staff was outstanding. We arrived 3 hours ahead of checkin time thinking we would ask if we could leave our bags in the lobby and go have lunch. We were checked in on the spot in minutes. We selected a King deluxe room and we were on the ground floor opening to the terrace. It was peaceful and quiet enough for an afternoon nap and yet located in a great spot in the French Quarter. We would go back in a heartbeat.
My stay on October 20th was a great vacation experience. The staff were friendly both in person and on the telephone. My trip was last minute, so their help was greatly appreciated. Finding a hotel room for such a great price so close to Halloween(a major tourist event) was surprising! The room was clean, the staff welcoming, the decor is tasteful, and the hotel is in a gorgeous location. I highly recommend it. They even have a hotel cat named Patrick! The French Market Inn is at the top of my list when I decide to crawl on back home to New Orleans.
We spent 4 nights at French Market Inn. We were welcomed warmly even at midnight. Rooms were small but very nice, New Orleans flair, clean and comfortable. The front desk always had a friendly Hello and How are You Doing, the doorman always friendly and ready to give a great recommendation of things to see or places to eat. The location is great to the French Quarter, and walking distance to a lot. Thank you to the French Market Inn for making our first time in New Orleans, such a good timeThank you for this excellent review. We appreciate your feedback about our staff service, historic property, and central French Quarter location. We hope you enjoyed your time in New Orleans, and look forward to welcoming you back to the Big Easy soon.
Looked for a Hotel with the feeling of NOLA and found it. The French Market Inn has a historic feel and modern comfortable rooms, great location, nice front desk staff, close to attractions, dining and Bourbon Street.Thank you for choosing our historic French Quarter hotel and taking the time to share your feedback!
The hotel itself is what you would expect: you get what you pay for. It is modest but the room was spacious and location is really convenient for all attractions in New Orleans. We had issues with housekeeping (didn't come one of the 4 days we stayed there) and the other staff didn't see to be bothered nor offered an apology.
This hotel is located in pretty much in the heart of the French Quarter Its perfect for anyone visiting New Orleans for a couple of days. When I booked my room online I was concerned as it was labelled as a windowless room, We were a bit nervous when we arrived expecting a box like room but were greeted to a room which was very spacious, clean and furnished stylishly. As described the room had no windows but the door had a glass panel window so you didn't feel like you were sleeping in a shoe box. The hotel has a lovely court yard area with a tiddly little pool more like a plunge pool really but still nice to look at.Its very calm in the court yard and you can sit out and read a book or have a drink. The hotel is very much a room and board affair there are no dining facilities and the foyer is a bit like a corridor even though the staff are very friendly we didn't see many as only the receptionist and a valet is required this lead to the hotel feeling a little cold at times but that is just a personal observation. One thing I would advise is to consider the parking the hotel offer a valet service but there is a car park opposite on the other side of the road and the price per day is pretty much the same. We
We have stayed there twice. Last year on Easter and had the balcony room overlooking Decatur. Awesome room. this year we are staying for Halloween on an interior room. Love the bathrooms- all remodeled. Staff is very nice and friendly. Beautiful building
We were glad we chose this hotel. The location was centrally located to everything, the French Quarter, Magazine Street, the River, Canal Street. The bed was really comfortable and the staff was extremely friendly.Hi Sharon, we're so glad you enjoyed your time with us in New Orleans. Thank you for your kind words about our location, accommodations, and service - our staff works hard to make sure great guest experiences happen every day. We look forward to welcoming you back in the future.
We stayed at the hotel last week, and have to say it was the perfect location. Everyone at the hotel was so welcoming and friendly, nothing was too much trouble. We loved the Courtyard where we sat in the evening which was like a little oasis from the hustle and bustle of New Orleans. We had booked two nights originally but decided to go a day earlier and this did not cause the Reception staff any problems at all. Our room was lovely and I would like to give a special mention to Perry on Reception who worked really hard and was always very cheerful and extremely helpful. Great hotel, great location, great staff! Fantastic value as well.
if you are looking for an authenic new orleans experience, you should really plan to stay at this hotel. the location cannot be beat, we stay in a deluxe room and the one we had overlooked decatur street which made our stay very special. the staff is friendly and very helpful and the grounds are very pretty. have been staying here for several years and would not stay any where else.
What a lovely stay! This will be our go-to from here on out. The location can't be beat. The staff was always lovely and always ready to help. The valet service was always as prompt as they could be in a busy part of the city, and our car was well taken care of. The room was a little on the small side for two queen beds, but it wasn't too cramped and it suited us just fine. The decor was lovely and the bathroom was spotless. The beds were very comfortable and the A/C was super cold! The only downside to our stay was that our room was right by the elevator, and the WiFi was really spotty - some minutes it worked and other minutes it didn't. Still, though, we loved this hotel and look forward to a return trip (away from the elevators).We're pleased to hear you had a lovely stay at the French Market Inn and appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback about our historic hotel's service - please know all of your comments have been passed on to management. When you book directly with our reservations department, you can make requests for certain accommodation types and take advantage of our French Quarter hotel's best rate guarantee. We're glad you loved your time in New Orleans and look forward to welcoming you back soon!
The French Market Inn was everything I antispated. It is a charming Inn built in 1833. The rooms are beautiful with the brick walls and exposed beams. The courtland is beautiful. There are two fountains, beautiful plants, places to sit and enjoy the peace of the place.Thank you for sharing your feedback about our historic hotel. We're pleased to hear you enjoyed your stay at our historic property, and appreciate your kind words about our property. We look forward to the opportunity to welcome you back to our French Quarter hotel soon.
From the street you could easily drive past the hotel and not know it was there. A lovely quaint, brick building dating back to the 1800's. We had an interior room, without windows and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The room was large and clean with a good sized bathroom. Probably, the lighting was a little too subdued - one or two bright reading lamps would be good. The location is great wonderful New Orleans vibe, plenty of restaurants close by, easy walk to Bourbon Street and opposite the river. The interior brick court yard was a lovely place to sit and relax but we didn't spend too much time doing this. Wonderful staff - very warm and friendly. Would definitely stay here again.Hi Pat, thank you for your feedback. Your kind comments about our historic hotel are appreciated. Please know your suggestions have been shared with our managment team. We hope to welcome you back soon!
This is one of the cleanest places I've ever stayed, the staff is so helpful. Location to everything not over priced. Would highly recommend to anyone. When back in New Orleans this will be the place I stay, just can't say enough great things about our stay.
My boyfriend and I stayed a night here while passing through NO and enjoyed every minute! This hotel has a great location for the French Quarter! Everything is easily accessible and within walking distance. The decor is very well kept! Bed was super comfy ... Even though we had an interior room we really enjoyed our stay here! Also you might as well use the hotel parking so that you can have your car at any time! We will be back!
Great location in a historic French quarter hotel. Parts of this Inn date back to the 1700's when it was a bakery. It was eventually purchased by Baroness Pontalba (Jackson Square visionary) who turned it into an Inn to host her many friends and visitors. Each room, floor, wing are unique. We had a king deluxe room on the courtyard side that was clean, comfortable and quiet, even in carnival season. Front of the house staff very friendly. No room service or restaurant, but Pablo's coffee is next door, Cafe Du Monde is right down the street, and there are many other wonderful, near by places for breakfast, lunch and dinner!!. The courtyard is a quiet place to be outside away from the hustle of the streets, the pool is inviting but unheated. If you prefer charm over generic hotel chains, this is a great option.We are happy to hear that you found your stay to your satisfaction and thank you for taking a moment to share your experience. We look forward to welcoming you back in the near future.
The French Market was a great place to stay. Beautiful, rooms full of character, old but not icky. Very friendly and helpful staff, very pretty grounds. The courtyard is a great place to sit and have drinks before heading out to explore the city. The hotel was small enough to not feel like you are just one of a billion guests in a myriad of hallways and rooms, and you really feel like you are in New Orleans. Wonderful location, close enough to everything, but not noisy or busy like being right in the quarter. We walked everywhere. Loved the calliope concert from the Natchez, and you have to have the Seafood cheesecake at the Crescent City Brewhouse right next door-to die for!.
Loved this place! Simple, small rooms but comfortable for sleeping and relaxing in between jaunts to the French Q. Awesome courtyards with neat fountains, a small pool for cooling off, and don't forget to find the house cat, Patrick!! We are headed back again this summer for the 4th!Thank you for recommending the French Market Inn, we appreciate your loyal patronage. We value your feedback, and are glad you've enjoyed your time with us in New Orleans. We're looking forward to welcoming you back to our French Quarter hotel this summer.
Beautiful historic hotel, love the brick everywhere. Nice pool and very accommodating staff. Perfectly located in the French Quarter across from the river and Jackson Square. Many nice walking areas and restaurants. Avoid Bourbon St.Hi Mara, thank you so much! We are delighted to hear you enjoyed your stay and hope your New Orleans getaway was full of lasting memories.
This inn was perfect for our stay and was a great location and a great value. The room was small but again perfect for what we needed it for. We spent very little time in our room but everything was walking distance and otherwise lyft was super reasonable for anything further out. Nancy Lonne and Alicia were all super helpful. Thanks again!Hi Meg, thank you for choosing the French Market Inn for your New Orleans getaway. We value your recommendation, and appreciate your kind words about our accommodations, staff service, and location. Staff members like Nancy, Lonne, and Alicia are always focused on making sure our guests have great experiences. We look forward to welcoming you back to our French Quarter hotel soon.
I love this place so much!!! The staff and room were more than I hoped for. Nancy at the front desk went above and beyond to help me and she is an angel. I will definitely stay here again due to her, Lonnie, the value and location. This is my new go to hotel in New Orleans.Reviews like yours are what we strive for! Thank you for choosing the French Market Inn and taking the time to share your feedback, we appreciate your kind words about our accommodations and service - staff members like Nancy work hard to ensure great guest experiences happen every day. We look forward to welcoming you back to our French Quarter hotel soon!
Nice hotel at a good price,small rooms but pretty courtyard and friendly staff, I would go back .Easy walking to anyplace in the french quarter.I always wanted to stay at a small hotel like this and not a large chain hotel and I am glad I did.We are delighted that you enjoyed your stay at the French Market Inn.Thank you for taking the time to share your comments. We hope to see you again in the near future. Safe travels!
Stayed for four nights. While the hotel is in busy location on Decatur street, the rooms are quiet and comfortable as they are set back from the street. The staff is very pleasant and we had no issues. The hotel is 120 or so rooms spread out over nine buildings. There is nice courtyard area in the middle near the amall pool to hang out at if desired. Rooms are comfortable. Exposed brick is a noce touch on the inside. We paid extra to have a window as some rooms are windowless. Perfect location for us. Hi Jimmy, thank you for choosing our hotel and taking the time to share your rating. We hope to welcome you back to the French Market Inn and the New Orleans French Quarter soon!
We visited this hotel after booking online for a short weekend visit. The hotel is quite lovely and our room was very clean and cozy. We got a petite room and it was fine for the two of us as we don't require a lot of space. The entire hotel was very clean and the pool and lobby were beautiful. Our check in was fine and we valeted our car for the night. The next morning we called down 20 minutes early as instructed for the retrieval of our car. After 45 minutes of waiting we inquired at the desk to find out what the issue was. We were told they were on it and it would be soon. At that point, we realized the six other ppl standing around were also waiting for cars. They had one valet and he brought 2 cars that no one needed while we were all waiting. Two hours went by and the lobby became packed. Two bellhops were sitting in chairs not doing a thing. At one point, the one was sitting in a guest chair while guests were standing and he began to sleep. We inquired a second time and told the same thing with no apologies at any point. It turned out to be an over two hour wait for a car that was parked in a lot behind the hotel. We even asked for our keys so that we could get it ourselves and they told us the valet had the keys and this wasn't possible. After that we decided to park our own car and not use their valet. We told the front desk and she said that was fine and she removed the charge for our earlier inconvenience. We parked in the same lot and saved 4 by doing so. The night before check out, we asked if we could go ahead and checkout then since our flight was at 4am the next day. She told us no and their would be someone on staff at our departure time to take care of it. Frustrating, but we figured it was policy.The next morning, we got to the desk and the check out clerk told us that all computers were down and there was nothing she could do.Arriving at the airport, we received our final invoice and noticed that they not only charged us for the valet service that they said they removed, they charged us for every night that we self parked. We called and told there was nothing that they could do at that time because the person who removed the valet charge was on vacation and no manager was on duty. Also, we were disconnected during this conversation and had to call back several times because the phone was ringing busy after our disconnection. Four hours later, we were sent a corrected bill via email. No call, no apology, no customer service skills what so over. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone unless they would like to be treated like their business does not matter. Thank you for choosing the French Market Inn for your New Orleans stay and taking the time to share your experience. Your kind comments about our historic hotel are appreciated. We typically receive high marks for our customer service - apologize we missed the mark during your stay. We are sorry for the difficulties you experienced with our valet service. Please know all of your comments have been passed on to management. We hope you enjoyed your time in The Quarter and hope for a future opportunity to restore your confidence in our services.
This is our go to place for the past several years! Great prices! Great check in and out service and always greeted by everyone working as we come and go. The location is great in the French quarter but quiet enough to get sleep! Old building, brick walls, nice courtyard, very new Orleans but updated bathrooms, safes in the rooms and the best AC on hot and humid days! Always come back here! Highly recommend!Thank you for your loyal patronage to the French Market Inn, we're glad you've enjoyed your time with us in New Orleans! Thank you for your feedback about our hotel's value, service, and location - looking forward to welcoming you for your next visit to the French Quarter.
Stayed for 3 nights, one of which was our 25th Anniversary . They treated us incredibly well, including assisting me with dinner reservations prior to arriving. Surprised is with an excellent bottle of bubbly to help celebrate. The hotel itself was very eclectic and the staff was amazing. The location is also perfect. I can't possibly say enough good about our experience there.Reviews like yours are what we strive for! Thank you for choosing the French Market Inn for your special occasion stay. We're pleased to hear you enjoyed your French Quarter getaway, and appreciate your kind words about our staff service and location. We look forward to welcoming you back for your next trip to NOLA.
First vacation with my boyfriend and this hotel was perfect for us! We were in town for a long weekend to see the sights and go to the Saints game. Staff was very friendly. Check-in was a breeze and they even had a room for us earlier than the normal check-in time. We had booked an interior room but they upgraded us to a beautiful room with windows and a view of the courtyard. Everything was spotless and the bed was very comfortable. Love this quaint hotel that is a a short walk to Bourbon Street, Jackson Square, and the French Market. We will definitely stay here again!
We have been staying at this wonderful hotel for several years. The excellent staff, perfect location and great ambiance will keep us coming back again and again. Always enjoy our stay here. Great valueThank you for choosing our hotel and taking the time to share your perfect 5-star rating! We hope to welcome you back to New Orleanssoon!
My family and I just visited NOLA and stayed at The French Market Inn! We had a courtyard room 235 which was lovely! The service personnel were great, the hotel was so quaint and quiet and we would definitely stay here again! We loved the location! It was a very lucky find!!!!
Hello viewers,I just returned from New Orleans. My home is Richmond, Va. I love both cities. When I'm in New Orleans, I stay at the French Market Inn. It is close to everything in the Quarter and very reasonable. Miss Minnie in the morning and Miss Nancy in the evening will take good care of you. Also, make sure you stop at Walgreens to get your Jazzy pass. For 9 per person you can ride the bus streetcars for three days like a native. O don't have a lot of money to spend on hotels so I seriously love this hotel. It's like coming home after a long day.Thank you for sharing your positive experience regarding your most recent stay at our historic French Quarter hotel and your special mention of Nancy and Minnie! We can't wait to welcome you back.
Stayed there form 6/22/16-6/25/16. Location - location - location. The room was clean the high ceiling made the room feel much bigger than it was. Had a room with 1 king bed. Never got back in the car after we checked in due to the close proximity to everything including the cable car lines. The best part was the staff. Nancy at the front desk was awesome helped so much. The rest of the staff seemed like family. Will definitely stay again the next time I go to New Orleans. The only negative was the high price of parking. I recommend you valet park because the public lot across the street is high on weekends goes from 42 a day to 57.We're happy to hear you had a great experience at the French Market Inn! Thank you for sharing your feedback about our service - staff members like Nancy work hard to ensure great guest experiences happen every day. We look forward to welcoming you for your next New Orleans visit.
I almost hate to review this hotel because i would love to keep it a secret. Upon entering we were greeted by very friendly staff. After a hassle free check in (I booked through ORBITZ) we were escorted to our room by the bellhop. I jokingly said I could find my own way but was told I would need to follow him so as not to get lost. Well they were correct. This hotel is a series of connected buildings, we went to the second floor, took some steps, rounded a corner, thru a door, up more steps and finally came to our room. It was georgeos! High ceilings with wood beams, a king bed, completely remodeled bath with walk in shower. The room had 1 floor to ceiling door and 1 matching floor to ceiling window that looked out onto our own private patio. We went down to the courtyard to find the ice machine. There is a little cottage like with a restroom, ice and vending machines. The pool however small is adequate enough to get refreshed. There are several lounge chairs around it and small groups of table and chairs thru out the court yard. The feeling was so old world you could forget where you were.Ok the best part of this hotel is the location. Unless, you want to be on Bourbon ST. (which is only 2 small blocks away) this has to be the best located hotel in the French Quarter.The trolley is across the street, along with the park that runs the length of the Mississippi. You could literally grab breakfast next store and walk across the road to take a seat on a park bench overlooking the river, it's bridges and cruise ships.Emeril Lagasse restaurant NOLA is half a block away.Diagonally across is the riverboat steamship Natchez. A block and a half down is the Cafe Dumonde.Also located there is the hop on hop off city bus, the horse drawn carriages, and Jackson square which is right next to St. Louis church.We stayed 5 nights and can't wait to get back.I did speak to a women that was staying in the room with no windows. She had no complaints her room either.
What an awesome place to stay. The location was fantastic. The staff were incredibly friendly. The place was so rustic and authentic. I loved it. It was everything I hoped for in a hotel in the French quarter. The only downside was the little things that didn't work. In room 209 our TV didn't work, our coffee machine didn't work and our door was hanging off its hinges so hard to close. But too be honest, I enjoyed it either way. Thank so much for providing your feedback - we are happy to hear that our staff was accommodating during your visit! Sorry to learn of the difficulties you experienced. Please know that your comments have been shared with management and deficiencies will be remedied. We look forward to welcoming you back again soon!
We stayed in a deluxe room for 4 nights and it was perfect. The location is amazing...walking distance to many locations and the service was great. There is a courtyard with a small pool, but it's a beautiful area to sit and relax. The service was great and very friendly staff. It has the charm of the French Quarter you wouldn't get by staying at a chain hotel. Clean rooms and comfy bed made it all the better!We are glad you had a nice stay at the French Market Inn. Thank you for sharing your review, we hope to welcome you back soon.
The French Market Inn is a nice little hotel on the outskirts of the French Quarter. It is right down the street from Caf Du Monde and the French Market. I liked the location because it was easy to walk to the French Quarter, Harrahs, the trollies stops, etc., and quick access to Uber pickups and drop-offs was a plus. Rooms in the hotel facing the courtyard seemed fairly quiet our room faced Decatur St. and although there wasn't a lot of street noise, we did hear some trains passing in the middle of the night as the railroad tracks are nearby. We were in the French Quarter but removed from the noisy crowds and congestion.We booked what was supposed to be a deluxe room, and the first room we were assigned to was so tiny and dark I was certain we must have been given one of their mini-rooms. We called the front desk and were promptly offered another room. It wasn't very large, but compared to the first one we saw, this was fine for our needs. The room was attractively decorated and cozy. It was clean and comfortable, though I will say that there were some maintenance issues that could have been attended to--for example, the lamp shades and sockets on every lamp in our room were wobbly and askew and required some work to make them functional. It wasn't a difficult fix but the staff should be taking care of those sorts of things when they inspect the room. Our safe did not work, and the first guy they sent up to fix it didn't have a clue. It was the next morning before someone else came to work on it, and by then we had left the room to sightsee for the day so we weren't able to use the safe during our stay. The staff was friendly and helpful. All in all, we had a nice stay and would stay there again if the price is right. It seemed to be a good value for the location.Thank you for your recent stay and taking the time to share your very detailed review. We appreciate your special mention of our friendly staff. Our apologies for the inconvenience you experienced. Please know that all of your comments have been shared with management. Overall, we hope you enjoyed your time in New Orleans and we hope for an opportunity to welcome you back in the near future.
Pretty little lobby. We were kind of discouraged when we realized how far we would have to carry our bags on the winding upper floor, but it was worth it.Charming room which we fit 3 people in just fine. Window facing the river. Quiet except for street noise, but it was fun noise. Within walking distance of everything. Less expensive than most places.Thank you for choosing the French Market Inn and taking the time to share your feedback. We appreciate your kind words about our accommodations and central French Quarter location, we look forward to welcoming you back for your next New Orleans getaway.
We can't say enough about this hotel. This was our third time staying here. We got married in June at this location in one of the garden courtyard areas. Everyone there was so nice and accommodating. We told them we were celebrating our marriage, and they gave us the best balcony room available and a bottle of champagne to celebrate. This will be our go to place anytime we go back to New Orleans. The king size rooms are nice and huge. Definitely upgrade to the deluxe though. We have stayed in a room before that we were not particularly fond of. Just ask the front desk, and they can move you. You cannot beat the location, and the hotel is definitely authentic New Orleans. Love, love, love!Best service ever! Wow, thank you for taking the time to share this excellent review. We can't wait to welcome you back. Congrats!
This Inn had been renovated and the staff were extremely helpful and friendly! Great location in the French Quarters close to everything . I would not book with a booking agency again however! The rooms could have better lighting. Safe in your room for valuables which is always nice.
We stayed here after our Cruise for one night. We parked across the street and paid 27 for 24 hours. We arrived at 9am, prior to exploring the city we popped into the hotel to confirm our reservation. Jenna, the woman at the front desk was very friendly and took down our cell in case a room was ready early. Not more than 10 min later she called us and told us our room was ready! We grabbed our bags and were able to check in by like 9:30am! We were very pleased. The room was large, clean and updated. Location was fantastic. We walked everywhere, literally the perimeter of the French Quarter. We would stay here again.
We had a really wonderful experience at the French Market Inn. We stayed for three nights. Our room was ground floor with a courtyard view. Although the pool was small, it still had about 10 people in the pool when we checked in and they were really loud. When we got into the room, however, we couldn't hear them at all. The rooms are a bit on the small side, and the lighting kind of sucks unless you have the drapes open (but can't have those open when getting ready). Also, I read that a lot of people complained about the wifi, and we had no issues on any of our 4 different devices. Overall it was a great location, you can't be the price, and it was a really good experience.
This is now my favorite place to stay in New Orleans. The location is great. It is 3 blocks from Bourbon St. and 3 Blocks from Jackson Square. It is close to restaurants, shops and attractions. The hotel itself is clean and the staff are very pleasant and helpful. I had an inside room to save a few bucks and I have no complaints. The room was not big, but it was clean and very nice. The air conditioning worked very well.Hi William, we're honored to be your favorite hotel in New Orleans. We appreciate all of your kind words and look forward to welcoming you back time and time again!
Right in the heart of the French Quarter, this hotel was a great stay. We visited in the hot heat of July and the price was seriously Low. So low, that we purchased 2 rooms, as we had 4 people in our family traveling together. The interior courtyard was an oasis of pleasantry away from the hustle and bustle of the noisy city. There was a lovely pool just right for cooling off and laying about to relax. This place was so charming and historic, I can not recommend enough. The rooms were absolutely beautiful and comfortable. This was the highlight of my visit to New Orleans.We're happy to hear you were impressed by the French Market Inn! Thank you for sharing feedback about your summer stay in New Orleans, we're glad you found our hotel to be a good value and appreciate your kind words about our courtyard oasis in the French Quarter. Thank you for your recommendation, we're honored to have been the highlight of your New Orleans visit.
Great charm and character inside the building . Room 252 has a balcony 2 queen beds, feature open brickwork and views of the Mississippi paddle steamers. The street cars, train bus tours all leave from across the road. No breakfast or any food is available in the hotel but there are many cafes within a few yards. There is a quiet courtyard and a small plunge pool. The room is right over the road, so you get view, but some noise too, mNy from the paddle steamer which plays an organ type calliope tune several times a day. Train noise traffic at night, so bring your ear plugs. Helpful staff. I would stay here again, its so central to Jackson square, Frenchman street, the river etc.Hi Jackie, we're glad you enjoyed your stay. Thank you for sharing your positive feedback, we value your kind comments and look forward to the opportunity to welcome you for your next New Orleans visit!
My husband had stayed at the French Market Inn previously on a business trip and enjoyed it so we choose it and enjoyed our stay as well! The location is amazing allowing walking access to pretty much the whole French Quarter. We specifically wanted to be in a historic Hotel in a convenient location and French Market Inn was a perfect choice. After looking online at parking options we didn't find other options we felt comfortable with so we opted for the valet parking and were happy with that choice. Our room was amazing considering the age of the property and it was amazingly quiet. Loved the shower! This trip was a visit to NOLA in honor of our 35th anniversary and we are very happy with the wonderful experience French Market Inn gave us.Thank you for your loyal patronage to the French Market Inn, we're pleased you enjoyed your most recent special occasion stay at our French Quarter hotel! We appreciate you sharing your feedback about our historic hotel in New Orleans, and are glad you took full advantage of our central location. We look forward to welcoming you back for your next NOLA getaway.
My family decided to take advantage of the summer weekday sale prior to school starting back and overall it was worth it.None peak weekday checkin was simple. Peak checkin or late checkin might be a nightmare as there is only street curb parking for 4/5 vehicles. The valets and the hotel attendants were not helpful and ready to assist with bags. I noticed this for checkin and checkout.We had a great balcony room with a view of the river which was nice. The room was large with 2 queen beds. The bathroom was modern and up-date. Considering the building and room location, it was pretty quiet. One negative was the toilet stopped filling with water on our last day which made flushing a challenge. Overall, nice clean room and well worth the discounted price.A few tips:- depending on your location, like a lot of these older hotels, you might be lugging your bags up multiple flights of small stairs- elevators are small and not centrally located to most rooms- don't expect to get your car quickly if you're in a hurry- don't expect great porters Would I visit again Perhaps for the summer deal.Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback, Matthew. We take pride in our historic hotel and do our best to place guests in rooms that surpass their expectations. We are sorry if that wasnt the case during your stay and for any inconvenience you may have encountered. Please know that your comments have been shared with our management team. We otherwise hope you enjoyed your New Orleans visit and hope for the opportunity to welcome you back to the French Quarter.
Personnel in this hotel was so friendly and helpful. Nancy and all the other staff were never at a loss to handle whatever we needed with a smile. The room I had was very comfortable. Cleaning service could have been better and more thorough repair was not on top of everything.Location could not be better . We were close to everything we needed.Hi Sherry, we take pride in maintaining our historic hotel and delivering exceptional service, and consistently use our guest's reviews to ensure any issues are addressed. We appreciate your feedback about our staff, and look forward to welcoming you for another French Quarter stay.
Our stay was only 3 nights but the French Market Inn was in the perfect area! Decatur Street is prime with its little shops restaurants, river market and coffee caf right across the street and never felt unsafe walking here at night as I did on Royal Street at night. The location is great but the Inn was also fantastic - not because it was upscale fancy rooms but for the overall romantic and historic atmosphere. Add to that the friendly and helpful attitudes of those working there. We had already paid 250 for a 3 night stay on a deal where they would try to sell us other properties - we were to stay at the Wyndam in the French Quarter. Thou we will probably lose our 250 we are still glad we chose French Market Inn and we hope to stay here again in the future.So glad you enjoyed your stay. We can't wait to welcome you back, Deborah!
The French Market Inn is in a great location! It was central to everything we wanted to do in New Orleans. We walked everywhere! The staff was friendly, and the room was clean and well maintained. Our room overlooked the side street and was very quiet. Bed was comfortable, too. We will stay there again in the future :)Thank you for sharing your feedback about our historic hotel. We appreciate your feedback about our location and staff service. We look forward to welcoming you back to the New Orleans soon.
My friend and I were able to walk to just about anywhere we wanted to go during our stay in New Orleans. The hotel has lovely rooms and a very nice pool and courtyard...perfect for relaxing any time. The staff was warm and always helpful, especially Nancy and Dean. We would absolutely stay at the French Market Inn again.Thank you for choosing our historic hotel for your stay in the French Quarter. We value your feedback about our historic hotel's accommodations, amenities, and the special mention of Nancy and Dean. We look forward to welcoming you back soon!
This is located in the French Quarter, with a view of the Mississippi River, and is within walking distance of all the quarter has to offer. The rooms are nestled into several restored buildings and no two are alike. They are comfortable, clean, have new bathrooms. The courtyard is a great place to sit outside and has a small pool. The staff is knowledable and friendly.We're thrilled that you had a great stay at the French Market Inn. Thank you for sharing your feedback about our historic hotel's location and service. We look forward to welcoming you back soon.
We stayed the week before Christmas 2014 and asked for a room with an interior courtyard, window view. Intention was to keep street noise to a minimum. Location of the hotel is on Decatur street and in the middle of the north and south borders of the French Quarter. This makes it 3 blocks from the middle of Bourbon street, 2 blocks from Royal street, which is where a lot of the boutiques, art shops, and museums are, 2 blocks from Jackson Square and as far as possible from Louis Armstrong Park. We were warned that Louis Armstrong Park is not safe to be around after dark. The hotel's location also puts you with 1 block of the contemporary shopping near the Mississippi River if that interests you.First, know that the hotel is a composite of 5 different buildings, each with their own specifics, that have been combined into one hotel. Courtyard is paved stone and very nice. Pool is not heated. WiFi is available throughout the property. Most of the property pictures show a great walk-in stand up shower big enough for 2 people but be aware that not all the rooms have that. Some of the rooms have a standard tub/shower.The first room (2nd floor) we were given was very big with lots of floor space but was right next to a noisy elevator and was audible even with the shower on and there was a drip that could be heard in the bathroom vent that was most likely from condensation. Second room offered (2nd floor) required a walk up a flight of stairs as there was not an elevator that connected to the outside balcony. This is why you need to check which room you are getting if you have any trouble maneuvering stairs cause of age or know ahead of time you will be drinking.Third, fourth, and fifth rooms were tiny boxes and felt claustrophobic there was now outside window. With a queen size bed and 2 side tables, available floor space was minimal. You could stand at the food of the bed and touch the wall where the flat screen television was mounted. These rooms were accessible to an interior elevator and hallway.Sixth room was acceptable but we had to give up the nice stand-up shower for a regular tub. There was walking space in the room but it was only partially accessible from the elevator. Luggage was carried another 40' to the room by way of a balcony walkway.the woman at the registration was very helpful to let us check the rooms out before settling on one.The next day we were able to switch to a vacated room. This room was the best. It was large enough that it would take 4 twin beds to fill the floor space. Queen bed, 2 side tables, bench at the foot of the bed, armchair with reading table and lamp, and stand up shower. These are the attached pictures.Again, review the room when you arrive as the prices won't help you discern which room is which.
Located in the middle of the beautifully quaint French Quarter, the French Market Inn was perfect for our travel needs. Centrally located within minutes of many local attractions, the French Market Inn is within walking distance to Jackson Square Park, Bourbon Street and Cafe DuMonde. As well as many other great restaurants and attractions. The hotel lobby staff were always very pleasant, courteous and helpful. The rooms, though a double was perfect for the two of us, would be a tight fit if four people were trying to share the space. Super clean and cozy though as well as it had a very pretty little courtyard with a small pool to just hang out in the sun if the weather is nice :)
My family loved staying here. Location is perfect. Restaurants and sites are around every corner. Staff and management were so friendly, including Patrick the hotel cat. My kids loved the pool and the unique room. Staying in the quarter is the best way to experience the city's history.Hi Mark, thank you for choosing the French Market Inn for your family stay in NOLA. We value your feedback and are happy to hear you enjoyed your time with us in the French Quarter. We look forward to welcoming you back to the Big Easy soon!
i chose the french market inn for my 10 day vacation with friends and family and i am most pleased with my choice. specifically i was looking for a great location, a quaint local place and excellent value. FMI totally deliverers.as everyone has stated you cant beat the location. close to the start of tours and many french quarter must sees. whats extra nice though is the ability to get away from from the crowds and constant party. lovely courtyard and little pool and fountains for relaxing outside. its made up of various buildings and each are unique in their own right. be aware that some do not have elevator access. i had a deluxe queen room. i would say its probably smaller than expected, fine for 2 people. it is true that the only window was in the door but it did have nice room darkening curtains. big walk in shower with good water pressure, good cable and wifi. and finally, this is a great bargain. booking early i got an excellent price and was only charged one night in advance. definitely the most reasonably priced hotel at this location.i would like to add that absolutely everyone there was very friendly and helpful. a most enjoyable hotel. Thank you for taking the time to share your experience. Your kind words are appreciated! We hope you enjoyed the remainder of your time in The Big Easy!
We decided on this hotel based on its consistently positive reviews, however this was not our particular experience. Expecting a charming if not quirky older hotel in the French Quarter, we instead encountered unfriendly staff, a poorly situated and crammed room (tons of foot traffic and loud thuds coming from the building door outside our window) a sticky carpet, and most notably, an AC that blew directly onto the bed at night, resulting in a chest cold for the duration of the stay. I wish there were nicer things to say about this Inn, given its location and historic clout, but the room and the level of service of the staff we experienced were not great. Adding insult to injury, the parking arrangement (28 a day) involved putting our car in an open air lot that didn't seem particularly worth the money...we also discovered a scratch on the bumper when the car was brought to us upon hotel departure. I understand that Trip Advisor reviews have been quite positive about the French Market Inn, but had we known our stay would have been so contrary to its online reputation, we would never have stayed. Something to consider if you're looking for a pleasant hotel experience during your visit to Nola.
Stayed in room 249 from April 24th to the 27th. Two Queens Balcony room facing Decatur Street.We think we may have had the best room in the hotel as we have no complaints. Beautiful room, wonderful very large balcony as we are smokers and smoking is allowed. Comfortable beds, clean and large with exposed brick and very high ceiling and wonderful old world charm.Courtyard area was very charming and cooler when days got hot. Pool looked very nice but we did not use.Hotel is centrally placed and a fantastic location. CVS down the street to buy beer and snacks and people watch on the balcony.Staff were extremely courteous and went way out of their way to help. Shout out to Lonnie who was extremely helpful.A few things to note, no fridge in room, if you get the street facing balcony room, suggest a soft sided cooler to people watch which we did after a days activities and before dinner. Bathroom is small but not surprised with an older hotel.Thank you for the wonderful hospitality and we will be back.We appreciate your feedback about our French Quarter hotel's value and accommodations. Please know that you can take advantage of our best rate guarantee by booking directly through our website. We hope to welcome you back for your next New Orleans visit.
We stayed at the FMI for four nights recently. The hotel is very centrally located in the French quarter, so we were quite happy to forgo renting a car and dealing with parking charges. Taxis and Uber were readily available at any hour for very reasonable rates.This hotel has a wide variety of room types given its uniquely antique configuration. We stayed for two nights in a very cramped and slightly tired room w/balcony, facing the street. This was supposedly a deluxe room, but it took several attempts to get the bathroom properly cleaned. The street noise was too much for us, so we were allowed to change rooms to an inside courtyard after the first two nights. That room was gorgeous (rm 227) much larger by about 1/3, recently renovated, clean and quieter. Don't expect luxury amenities in bath products or even a soap dish. Glad to have a small coffee pot though. Front desk has some friendly staff and some not so much. I would definitely stay here again if I could be assured of a renovated room. Thank you for choosing the French Market Inn and taking the time to share your valuable feedback - please know that all your comments have been passed on to management and are being addressed. We work hard to ensure that our hotel is constantly being improved and updated, and the referenced issues you experienced are being remedied. When you book directly with our reservations department you may request specific rooms, although we cannot guarantee these accommodations. The French Market Inn will also be improving future guest experiences with the addition of a PJ's coffee shop adjacent to our lobby.We're glad you enjoyed your time with us in New Orleans, and look forward to welcoming you back soon.
We just returned from a 4 night stay at the French Market Inn in New Orleans. What an amazing change (and I usually don't like change when I find a cool hotel) that has been made by the Valentino group! Renovations are a success and the staff is above and beyond (especially Jenna at the front desk). One thing people need to understand when staying at these cool boutique hotels in the quarter...they are old buildings, the rooms are small but well worth every penny. Our room had a king bed and that did bode for a tight room but it faced Decatur Street and we just loved everything about the room. I can't recommend this place enough without realizing that I've just given away one of our favorite places to stay in the quarter.
This hotel has a great location in French Quarter, close to all the main attractions. Nice amenities, beautiful courtyard and pool, but maybe a bit cool for a swim in February. Friendly staff, nothing was too much trouble.Only negative, room a bit on the small side, but comfortable and very clean.Hi John, thank you for choosing the French Market Inn and taking the time to share your valuable feedback. We're happy to hear you enjoyed your stay at our French Quarter hotel, and appreciate your kind words about our property and staff service. We look forward to welcoming you back for your next New Orleans getaway!
We stayed here on a recent visit to New Orleans. This hotel is handy for walking to pretty much anywhere in the French Quarter, even with young children. Parking is limited to valet parking but there is a large public lot just across the street that costs virtually the same but without the wait for retrieval. The rooms were nice, clean, and quiet. There is a small interior courtyard with pool that was a great break for the kids. Located on Decatur, we were close to everything but not in the middle of the craziness of other locations. The staff were very helpful and friendly.Thank you for sharing your positive experience regarding your most recent stay at our historic New Orleans hotel.
Great location in the French Quarter. Quite as it is a few blocks off Bourbon Street. Bed was comfortable, newly remodeled bathroom and lots of exposed brick. We got an inside room and it was very very small even for 2 of us. Although it was the best sleep I have had in a long time. Small pool and a beautiful courtyard. This was a perfect spot for us. We would highly recommend and we will be back. Hi Gina, thank you so much for choosing our historic French Quarter hotel and taking the time to share your valuable feedback. We're happy to hear you enjoyed your time with us in New Orleans, and appreciate your kind words about our location and accommodations. We look forward to welcoming you back to the Big Easy soon!
Choose this hotel because of its location and the reviews. From the front desk staff to the valet staff, everyone was very friendly, accommodating and always greeting you when they passed. No, this is not your luxury hotel, but it was a nice, clean historic place to stay and within walking distance of most of the French Quarter. Trolley stop about a 5-10 minute walk, depending on your pace. Front desk staff helped with giving larger room since we brought my nephew as well along with giving great ideas for ghost tours and dinner stops. I would stay here again!! Hi Kristen, thank you for choosing our historic French Quarter hotel for your New Orleans stay. We appreciate your kind words about our central French Quarter location, accommodations, and staff service - looking forward to welcoming you back soon!
Nancy, the front desk clerk was amazing, friendly helpful. Thank you for all the great information about the area. The room was comfortable beautiful! Walking distance to shops, restaurants Cafe Du Monde. I will definitely return here on a future trip recommend this hotel to my friends and family.Thank you for choosing the French Market Inn and taking the time to share your recommendation. We appreciate your feedback about our accommodations, central French Quarter location, and service - staff members like Nancy work hard to ensure great guest experiences happen every day. We're glad you enjoyed your stay, and look forward to welcoming you back for your next New Orleans getaway!
French Market Inn is a great hotel! The location is perfect! I loved sitting in the courtyard having coffee and listening to the fountains. The staff were very friendly! I will definitely stay with them again.Thank you, Angela! We can't wait to host your next French Quarter stay!
The Historic French Market Inn, 5th year. I was recognized as a returning guest from a first class staff. A solo, this trip, I felt safe. Room with balcony, famous landmarks a short walk away. I/we will return again and again because of their location, beautiful interior, cleanliness, staff, and the restaurant soon to open. I rode the trolley from the depot to Canal and Decatur St. then three blocks to the hotel. Trolley cost was 40 cents senior citizen discount.Hi Maureen, thank you so much for choosing The French Market Inn and taking the time to share this valuable feedback. Were glad that you enjoyed your stay with us in New Orleans, and look forward to welcoming you back soon!
Picked this hotel based on price and reviews and it was an excellent choice. Location is great, located black fro. Mississippi Rivers, lots of restaurants near by, trolley, tours etc. we never saw the cat though. Staff was most helpful, the stay was a great experience.
There are not enough superlatives to describe the French Market Inn. The desk and bell staff were friendly and extremely helpful. The inn is centrally located in the French Quarter within easy walking distance of Bourbon Street (one big dive), Frenchman Street (with the great food and live music that made the French Quarter famous), and the amazing World War II Museum. Public transportation (buses and trolleys) made it unnecessary to use our car to visit the many local sites. When we did need the car, the valet service was prompt and efficient.The quaint inn features a large, private courtyard with tables and a small swimming pool. Our third-floor room was large and very comfortably furnished. It looked out over Decatur Street and the park along the Mississippi River. Despite what could have been a noisy location, the room was very quiet except for a single train that passed by during the early evening hours each day. The room included a digitally controlled heat pump for perfect temperature control. The beds were very comfortable.I will definitely stay at the French Market Inn if I ever return to New Orleans.
Was a nice place to walk around and look at everything. Lots of stands were you can buy souvenirs for your whole family. The sounds of music and smells of food were really good also.Takes about 1 hour to go from one end to the next depending in how fast you walkHi Dina, we're delighted you enjoyed your stay at our historic hotel! Thank you for sharing your feedback. We hope to welcome you back for another French Quarter stay soon.
Loved the location of the French Market Inn right on Decatur, yet away from all the noise. The room was extremely comfortable for both of us. Bathroom was impeccable. Wi-fi was perfect and of course we loved Patrick! I just wish there was a complimentary water for the first night.Thank you for choosing the French Market Inn and taking the time to share your valuable feedback. Please know that all of your comments have been passed on to our management team for review. We appreciate your kind words (and so does Patrick) and are glad you enjoyed your time with us in New Orleans! We look forward to welcoming you back soon.
I feel very torn about the French Market Inn. On the plus side, the hotel occupies a perfect location in the French Quarter near the river. The cluster of old buildings it occupies surround an irregular courtyard that is lovely and full of charm. The complex makes you feel part of the citys history, and the rooms are very competitively priced. And the staff are very friendly and helpful. But our deluxe double room was very cramped and dark. Hardly any lights in the room and it wasnt possible to keep the curtains open very much as the big window faced directly into a public staircase. As a result, I literally had to use the flashlight function on my phone to see inside the small closet. The walls between rooms were thin, so we could hear the buzz of a low conversation next door and also woke up one morning to the cleaning staff parked and chatting In the corridor outside our door. Finally, we ran into delays with the valet parking, both dropping the car off (the space in front of the hotel was completely full up with other cars, leaving us no place to put the car) and picking it up at the end of our stay (we waited an extra half hour despite giving them a one-hour warning before we wanted the car). Thank you for choosing our hotel. We do our best to place guests in rooms that exceed their expectations and typically receive high marks for our accommodations. We are sorry to learn of the difficulties you experienced and the delays with our valet service. Please accept our sincere apologies for any inconvenience you may have experienced and know that your comments have been shared with our management team. Overall, we hope you enjoyed your time in New Orleans.
The location is what sold us on this hotel. Although rather small and cramped once you get into your room it was clean and comfortable (You're never in the room in NOLA) the location was just spectacular, we did pay for valet parking through the hotel and just walked every where for sight seeing, dinning out etc. If you are a coffee person in the AM you are in luck- there is a coffee shop right next to it.I would definitely recommend if you are traveling NOLA and would like to stay in the French Quarter for your trip.Hi Jessica, thank you for choosing the French Market Inn for your NOLA getaway. We value your recommendation, and are glad you enjoyed your time at our French Quarter hotel. Thank you for your kind words about our location, we look forward to welcoming you back to the Big Easy soon.
Close to the French Market, Jackson Square, and just a few blocks walk to Pat O'Brien's and great restaurants like Irene's Cuisine, Muriel's, Stanley's and around the corner from Johnny's Poor Boys, you can park your car either with the hotel or across the street and forget about it!The hotel staff is friendly and helpful, the rooms are great and the courtyard relaxing, even in the summer heat as it is shady and comfortable. A great place to stay if you want to see New Orleans!Hi Kenneth, reviews like this are what we strive for! Thank you for taking the time to share your valuable feedback, we appreciate the kind words about our location, accommodations, and staff service. We're so glad that you enjoyed your time with us in New Orleans and look forward to welcoming you back soon.
I was here for 5 nights during a trade show. Location is great. Hotel is completely charming, and beautiful. Staff goes out of their way for you. I had room 447 which was huge with 2 queen beds and a view of the parking lot across Decatur where the Natchez departs from. I requested a mini fridge and it was delivered minutes after my arrival. My complains were addressed when I let the front desk know... There was a build up of dust above the beds and a moldy matte border around the lower print on the wall near the armoire.My only suggestions for improvement would be to have a small fridge in each room and add a shaving/makeup mirror to the bathroom sink area. I would love to stay here again next time I visit. MyThank you! We take pride in maintaining our historic hotel and delivering exceptional service, and consistently use our guest's reviews to ensure any issues are addressed. We appreciate your feedback and look forward to welcoming you for another French Quarter stay.
Stayed two nights here with a friend and we were not disappointed. The rooms were large with high ceilings and exposed beams and brick. The bathroom was large with a huge walk in shower. Check in was easy and since we weren't leaving until later in the day after check out they gladly held our bags for us as we explored the city. The location of this hotel is amazing because it is right in the center of everything. You walk out the doors and you can walk anywhere you need to within a few minutes. The staff was so kind and friendly and offered help on places to visit. I know I'll be staying here again ! Ps the most comfortable beds I have slept on in all my travels ! Hi Nadine, we're happy to hear you historic hotel met your expectations! We appreciate your feedback about the French Market Inn's accommodations, location, and staff service. We look forward to welcoming you back for your next New Orleans visit.
We absolutely loved staying at The French Market Inn! The inn itself is charming, rooms are clean, and their customer service is second to none. If you are looking for a taste of New Orleans with exposed brick and a lovely courtyard, this is the place. Only two things to be aware of...there aren't mini fridges or microwaves in the rooms. And the walls are kind of thin. I had no issue with noise whatsoever in my room, but my daughter had some slightly loud people next to her room. We did not take issue with that as you will have that anywhere you go.The Inn is within walking distance of everything and it's the only place we will be staying from now on. Keep up the great work FMI...!!!Excellent, Cheryl! Thank you for your recent stay and for sharing your love for French Market Inn. We can't wait to welcome you back to our historic French Quarter boutique hotel on Decatur!
I stayed here with my wife for three nights and we really enjoyed this Inn. The people who work there are extremely helpful and friendly. Ask Lonnie for recommendations on where to eat. The room was clean the beds were comfortable and the surrounding grounds are absolutely beautiful. Patrick the cat is a wonderful mascot who I'm quite sure tires of all the attention by the end of the day. The location is perfect.
Pros: good location, charming building, comfortable beds, easy check in Cons: shower was moldy, elevator was very sketchy, hate useless throw pillows on bed. They were so big and bulky that we justThrew them on the floor and then they got put back on the bed. Not clean.Thank you for choosing our historic hotel and taking the time to share your perspective. We're glad you enjoyed our location. Our apologies for the issues you reference. Please know that all of your comments have been shared with management.
This is my second review- the first one didn't pass the censorship of TripAdvisor. That's totally okay, I am feeling much nicer now. I am going to keep this short and simple.The location was great- 2 blocks from Jackson Square and so close to everything that I wanted to experience in the French Quarter. 5 stars from me on that one.The room itself was very large and for the most part comfortable. We had a windowless room, so it was very quiet- however disconcerting since we didn't have any idea of the time unless we checked a clock. The front desk staff was 50/50 for us- some of them were great, others acted like we were a big bother.Do not book this hotel if swimming in the pool is anywhere on your list of priorities. It really isn't any bigger than a hot tub.Now for the reason for my 2 star rating...Cleaning service came in on the second day and when we returned to our rooms were found hairs on our toothbrushes, and not the hair from my head.... on both of them.... so.....Anyway- my one attempt to speak to the front desk, I had one of the workers who seemed like she was bothered by everyone, and there was quite a line so I decided to just throw the do not disturb on the door and finish my last 2 days at the hotel without cleaning service. I had pre-paid for the room otherwise I would've made a bigger deal about it- but it just boiled down to what was worth my time and not being able to prove anything. And also trying to find a new hotel for the last 2 nights of my stay. I will not be returning to this hotel, and cannot give it a good recommendation on my experience.Typically housekeeping gets high marks for exceptional service - wasn't aware (during the visit) that there was a problem. Front desk is busy at times, but generally very responsive and cordial.
The rooms are slightly small but very comfortable. The location was fantastic - plenty or bars, pubs, restaurants, cafes nearby. Just a couple of blocks from the square and Cafe Du Monde.Walkable to Bourbon other streets! Not noise at night at all, beds were sooooo soft!The decor, staircases, narrow hallways, a courtyard etc lent themselves to a quaint, charming ambiance.ATT reception was not great here but not the hotel's fault!
I usually stay at the Chain hotels when I come to New Orleans. Unfortunately this weekend they were all sold out. I was quite skeptical to book here since I've heard so many horror stories about New Orleans hotels. Boy was I wrong. This was one of the best stays I've had in New Orleans. Room was clean. Staff was friendly and it's right in the middle of everything. Had a great stay.
I found this hotel on Trip Advisor. I knew I wanted a place with some character, something New Orleans. This was it.I've never loved a room as much as I loved our room at the French Market Inn. We had a deluxe balcony room (249), and our balcony was right over Decatur. It was a huge balcony, more of a terrace, maybe 12 feet wide and very very long we shared it with the room next door. On the other side was a restaurant balcony, but it was cool weather and people were not dining on the balcony.The room was very spacious, had very high beamed ceilings, a good sized bathroom with walk in shower, high end finishes, good linens, good mattresses, good beds. There was a party getting set for the next night so some very loud bands practicing, but the management assured us they would shut down around 8 p.m. which they did. We got to sit out on the terrace and listen to the Steamboat Natchez give a calliope concert, we got to watch the sound and light crews work into the wee small hours setting up for the New Year's / Sugar Bowl Party. The hotel itself has a variety of rooms in four or five different buildings, all together around a small central courtyard with a pool. It is full of character it is romantic.The hotel is in the middle of everything happening. You can shop in the big stores over at Canal Street One, or you can browse through the French Market, steps away, by Jackson Square. Go around the corner and up the street, and you hit Chartres, Royal and Bourbon Streets, where the party never stops. We loved our stay in this hotel, and we loved our room. Although it was well soundproofed, we still heard the occasional boom box car and the occasional emergency vehicle. The terrace was a great people-watching and activity watching site, a great place to drink coffee and soak in some atmosphere, but next time we will probably opt for a courtyard balcony room, and get a little more sleep.We're happy to hear your enjoyed your time with us in New Orleans, and appreciate you taking the time to share your valuable feedback. Thank you for your kind words about our accommodations and central French Quarter location - we look forward to welcoming you back to the Big Easy soon!
We chose to stay at the French Market Inn largely based on reviews we read here on Trip Advisor. All reviews we read here are accurate, so we knew in advance what to expect. The location is superb for leisure travelers. Close to the French Market, Jax Brewery, Jackson Square and the Cathedral. The Natchez steamboat is just across the street. Easy walking distance to shopping, good restaurants and the activities of the French Quarter. Valet parking was a breeze. Check-in was smooth. The lobby is beautiful. Every single member of staff we encountered provided great customer service. Lonnie is great - he is everywhere all at once. We loved Patrick the cat, but only had the chance to meet him at night. When you read other reviews that the rooms are small, they are not kidding. It is what it is, just be forewarned - this we expected based on reading the reviews here. On the plus side, our shower was fantastic and probably the best water pressure I've ever had in any hotel anywhere in the world - that was a pleasant surprise. Beds were very comfortable. There is no bar or restaurant on the premises, but there is a lovely courtyard where people gather to relax and bring their own beverage. Nice little pool - it is on the small side. Vending machines and ice maker are in a room facing the courtyard.The French Market Inn is definitely good value for money, and we plan on staying here again on our next visit to NOLA.Thank you for choosing the French Market Inn and taking the time to share your valuable feedback - we're happy to hear that your stay met your expectations. We appreciate your kind words about our location, accommodations, and service. Our staff works hard to make sure great guest experiences happen every day. We look forward to welcoming you back to the Big Easy for your next visit!
The good - very friendly staff, good location, reasonable priceThe bad - rooms are very small, so if you are claustrophobic watch out.Our room was interior (next to the elevator) and was a little tight with a King bed. Our friends characterized their rooms as over sized closets. This is a very old building so it is small to begin with. I didn't mind the room being small because I wasn't in it very often (just to sleep), but my friends weren't too enthused with the room size.Thank you for choosing the French Market Inn and taking the time to share your feedback. Due to the historic nature of our property, our guest rooms vary in size. We appreciate your kind words about our central French Quarter location and friendly staff service. We hope to welcome you back to the French Quarter soon!
I've seen the buildings that comprise this hotel plenty of times, but not until we stayed here, at the last minute, could I have known how unique and beautiful the place was, behind the street-side facade. Multiple older New Orleans buildings joined together to make an Inn full of character and charm. Interior courtyard was surprising, cool, and quiet...beautiful bricks, fountains, plants, trees, and a small but inviting pool. Perfect place to unwind after walking the streets of the French Quarter!Thank you for choosing the French Market Inn! We're pleased to hear you found our historic hotel a perfect place to unwind after exploring the French Quarter, and hope to welcome you back soon.
The locations was perfect for being able to walk to the main attractions. The staff was polite and very helpful in recommending good restaurants, bars. Rooms were clean, our bathroom looked newly remodeled and had nice fluffy towels. The beds were very comfortable. Our room faced the river. There was slight street noise but it didn't bother us. The courtyards were quite nice. We would have enjoyed relaxing there except it was too darn cold! I would recommend this and would stay there again.
If you want to stay in the French Quarter but also get some sleep, the French Market Inn is a great choice. The rooms are clean and quiet. Adding a mini-fridge to the room would be an appreciated upgrade. The hotel location is convenient for walking to all of the French Quarter hot spots. The concierge and valets were all courteous and helpful. Free wi-fi saved my data plan! Small pool, ice and vending machines located in the center of the buildings. After reviewing other hotels based on budget, the French Market Inn was the best value.Hi Marilyn, we are happy that you enjoyed your stay with us. Thank you for sharing your experience. Please know your comments/suggesstions have been shared with management. Come back soon!
Great location and price. Walking distance to the casino, cafe du monde, the oyster festival, etc. it was extremely hot outside w real feel of 104 but our room was always cool and comfortable. Extremely friendly staff. Concierge went out of their way to help us multiple times. Would definitely return.Hi Kathy, thank you for choosing our historic French Quarter hotel and taking the time to share your feedback.We can't wait to welcome you back.
I took my sister to NOLA for her 30th birthday in early November and we stayed at The French Market Inn for three nights. I booked the hotel based on the price which turned out to be exceptional for the location. What I didn't realize was that the hotel staff would be one of the highlights of our trip!Throughout our time at the hotel, Nancy, one of the lovely women working the front desk, made us feel so incredibly warm and welcome. There was a small glitch in their computers when we checked in, and she managed to check us in to our rooms while their computers were fixed so we wouldn't wait in the lobby. She gave us great information on where to eat, where to get on the St. Charles trolley, and even got us a discount on a swamp airboat tour! She was so sweet, she even called the embarassing sunburn myself and my sister got in the swamp a sun tan. Nancy is by far the biggest reason why I would stay at the hotel again.The actual hotel interior and our room were very lovely. The lobby was bright and cheerful and clean, with big comfortable chairs to rest in. Our room was almost like an apartment with two separate sections, super comfortable queen beds, and a pretty nifty shower in the bathroom. It was all very elegant and decorated beautifully. We didn't spend much time outside in the garden area, but it looked very cute. The pool looked clean and there were little wrought iron chairs and tables to sit at. We often saw people drinking coffee in the morning out there.The location was PERFECT. We were within walking distance of literally everything we wanted to do. The actual street the hotel is on is relatively quiet so you can leave all the noise of Bourbon Street behind when it's time to sleep. This location is perfect for the person who wants to be centrally located to all the awesome shops, restaurants, and nightlife, but still have a relaxing place to come back to.The only drawback I could see for some people is that the building is rather old, and therefore, the walls are pretty thin. One morning, we heard someone above us snoring off their hangover pretty heavily. It was really funny to us, but I could imagine it getting on some people's nerves. However, I don't think people go to New Orleans to stay in their hotel room, so I wouldn't let it be much of a deterrent. Overall, lovely place with an even lovelier staff. I will absolutely stay again when I come back.
My wife and I adored staying here. Each person in the staff was so kind and happy. They clearly take pride in this Inn. The reception desk has a dedicated bellman for holding baggage and fetching cabs. So the check-in/out times are no problem at all. We checked in at 7:30am, left our bags, and headed out for some breakfast. They called us as soon as our room was ready.The highlight of this place is definitely the courtyard. The pool is fantastic, with easy access via in-water steps with hand rails, and an underwater seat along both long sides of the pool. It's wonderfully quiet.The downside is that smoking is definitely allowed throughout the courtyard. So there was nearly constantly one person smoking. I wish they had set aside one of the secluded areas for smoking.The location was ideal. Within just a couple of minutes' walk, you have the river, the French Market, and of course Bourbon Street.We definitely recommend booking a walking tour of the area. We found two that were just fantastic, and really gave us a deeper sense of the neighborhood. Look up All About New Orleans Visitor Tour Center for a variety of tours. It's a couple of minutes from the hotel. Cher Miller runs the operation and clearly loves helping visitors find great things to do.The only downside to our stay, and the reason for 4/5 stars, was that our room had no windows. There was a sky light, which worked nicely. And the reservation on Booking.com definitely made it clear that we were reserving an interior room. So we knew what we were getting into. But given how adorable the area and courtyard were, it was definite a shame that we couldn't enjoy them from our room.Small quibble, though, for the wonderful Inn, staff, and location. We would definitely stay here again.We're delighted to hear you enjoyed your stay at the French Market Inn. We appreciate your kind words about our staff service, hotel property, and central French Quarter location. Please know that your comments about our courtyard area have been passed on to management for review. We hope to welcome you back soon, and recommend booking directly on our hotel's website to take advantage of our best rate guarantee.
The location and speed of check in were superior. However, the room had a broken lamp in the dimly lit room and 2 light bulbs out in the bathroom, so that made the already dark room a little too dark. The charm of the molding and the brick wall in the room were nice, but we could hear every creak the ceiling made when the person above us walked across the floor. It sounded as if they were walking non-stop after 8 am, and it obstructed sleep after that point. We were in room 232-which was near the staircase, so I don't know if this played a factor or if it is like this in other rooms.Hi Sarah, thank you for choosing our historic French Quarter hotel and taking the time to share your valuable feedback! Sorry we were not able to address the issue you described while you were with us. Please know that your review has been shared with our management team.
Great boutique style hotel. Just down the block from Cafe DuMonde. Parking charge 29 night, we parked across the street in public parking for 19 night, you have to cross the street but for 10 night not a problem. Everything was lean and nice
We were in NoLa for the second time back in October. We were there for 2 nights before boarding a cruise. We wanted a nice place to stay but we also wanted something affordable.The hotel is small and quaint and in a great location! We loved everything about it. It feels like a piece of history with the exposed brick walls and enchanting courtyard area. The coffee shop next door was our go to each morning.We were very pleased with our choice. What really made this place stand out was the staff. I wish I could remember names but while in NoLa, the night before our big cruise, I somehow lost my drivers license. I was so upset thinking I'd come all this way and now would be left behind while my friends went on with the cruise. The staff was so helpful in making recommendations on what to do. They helped me receive emails and print documents trying to find enough documentation to get me on that boat. They even sent a bottle of champagne to our room to help me relax over the whole ordeal. After a very stressful night, I did finally make it on the boat. I have not forgotten the kind staff that helped me out during the nightmare! I will be staying at this gem every time I visit NoLa.Excellent! Thank you for choosing French Market Inn for your first visit to New Orleans! We value your praise of our service and are pleased that our staff helped make your stay special. We can't wait to welcome you back!
For us this was the perfect location, close enough to walk everywhere in the Quarter, but far enough away from Bourbon Street for us to be un-troubled by Spring Break noise. We will definitely stay here again, the room was very comfortable and we liked having a room opening to the outdoor courtyard.We're honored to be called the perfect location! Thank you for choosing our historic hotel and taking the time to share your feedback, we look forward to welcoming you for your next New Orleans visit
This hotel taught me something very important. Always make sure the hotel room you are getting, has a window. Lugging your luggage all around through the stairs on the multiple floors ensures this is NOT a good hotel for those who need accommodation. It's right in the middle of things, but again--no window. There is a central pool that is pretty busy, and a 24 hour ice and vending machine area. But again NO WINDOW. They don't advertise this, and won't tell you when you check in. It's a nasty little surprise if you're not careful.Hi James, thank you for choosing the French Market Inn and taking the time to share your feedback. Our hotel has four types of accommodations - interior (windowless, but our best value), petite, deluxe, and balcony. These room types and their features are clearly indicated on our hotel's website, booking engine, and on our other online listings. Our historic property has a mixture of buildings, some of which have elevators. We suggest those who require elevator access make this request directly with our reservations department prior to check-in to ensure availability. We appreciate your kind comments about our location, and hope you enjoyed your time in New Orleans.
Just got back from a great stay at the Historic French Market Inn. It's location in the heart of the French Quarter puts you in walking distance of all the major attractions and if you don't plan on leaving the city, don't bother renting a car since you won't need it. If you're looking for a modern high rise hotel with loads of brand new bells and whistles, go somewhere else!! If you're someone who appreciates the true flavor of New Orleans, then this is the place for you!! The French Market Inn maintains the historic charm of the city with authentic furnishings, high ceilings, and an adorable central courtyard containing a small in-ground pool that doesn't compromise the historic feel of the property. The mattresses were comfortable, the linens were clean, and the large showers had amazing water pressure. The desk and bell staff were polite and very helpful, and I recommend this hotel to visitors of all ages.Hi Christopher, thank you for choosing our historic hotel and taking the time to share your experience. We're glad you enjoyed your stay in New Orleans and we look forward to the opportunity to welcome you back soon.
Our first time in New Orleans. We chose the French Market Inn because it was within walking distance to everything. It was a great choice and we would recommend this hotel to be comfortable, and good value for money.THINGS WE LIKED:Reasonable priceFriendly and knowledgeable staff, nothing was too much trouble for themComfy beds, clean room, modern bathroom, double glazed windows, heavy curtains, room safe, coffee maker, good air conditioning.Decatur Street was handy to everything for us, and the steamboat Natchez was just across the road. We enjoyed hearing the huge steam whistle going off, twice a day.The hotel is old, like alot of buildings in the French Quarter, but it had a lovely charm about it. Our third floor room had 3 large windows, overlooking Decatur StreetThe small pool is in a courtyard at the back of the building. It was well used. There is a small air-conditioned room adjacent to the pool, with a snack machine and one toilet. We had a waiting period between hotel checkout and airport check-in, the hotel stored our bags, and allowed us to relax in the courtyard area, by the pool.There is a snack/drinks vending machine, and an ATM in the hotel lobbyTHINGS WE DIDN'T LIKE:There was no refrigerator in the room. We found the meal sizes in the US to be huge, so a refrigerator would've been handy for all those leftovers (fresh milk for coffee would have been nice too)Decatur Street runs parallel to a train line, the train whistle woke us once or twice, other than that, the room was very quietThank you for your recent stay and your very detailed review. We are glad you enjoyed our location and staff service. Refrigerators are available in our junior suites and suites. We also offer them when available for our guests who request them. Were happy you enjoyed your stay at our historic hotel and hope to welcome you back to our French Quarter hotel soon.
Do not have enough great things to say about the inn. We had never been to New Orleans before and were very nervous about finding the right place. Once again, trip advisor led is in the right direction. Everything was perfect from the staff to the courtyards, to the room, to the location. We were a little concerned that we had no window in our room but it ended up being a blessing in disguise after partaking in generous amounts of libations in the evenings. We will be returning to New Orleans next summer and will without a doubt stay here again. Thank you to the friendly and knowledgeable staff for helping to make our stay so memorable. Reviews like yours are what we strive for! Thank you for choosing the French Market Inn, we're elated that your first visit to New Orleans was an amazing experience. Providing memorable experiences is a huge part of what our staff does daily, and we appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback. We look forward to welcoming you back to New Orleans next summer.
This is not a super fancy hotel, but the price is right and has all the things you want when in NO: Frenchy furnishings, exposed brick, a courtyard, small pool, comfy beds and good location. The price is about the best you can get in the city for a place you feel safe. Highly recommend and have stayed several times.Thank you for choosing the French Market Inn for your New Orleans stay, we're happy to hear you enjoyed your time with us! We appreciate your feedback and thank you for your kind words about our value, ambiance, and location. Thank you for your recommendation, we look forward to welcoming you back soon!
Staff was so friendly- from checking in through maid service- everyone was wonderful. We arrived a bit early to check in and they stored our luggage and we hung out in their adorable courtyard. Short 2 minute walk to Bourbon St, but away from the noise which is fantastic. And a short 2 minute walk from the Mississippi as well. Lost one star because our room didn't have a window. We did have a skylight which sorta made up for it, but felt a little confined. We hardly spent time in the room since NOLA has so much going on and the courtyard for when we wanted to relax. We would definitely stay here again! We appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback about the French Market Inn, and are happy to hear you enjoyed your stay in New Orleans. Our interior rooms are our best value accommodations, and clearly indicated as windowless at the time of booking. Thank you for your kind words about our service, central french Quarter location and hotel amenities. We look forward to welcoming you back to the Big Easy soon!
Great location to French Quarter and Warehouse district. We arrived early yet they had a room available so we were able to check in. Keep in mind that these buildings date back to the early 1800's but that's what we love about them. The room was small but had exposed brick and wooden beams in the ceiling giving it all the more charm. It was exceptionally clean and the beds were very comfortable. Because of the age of the building we made an allowance that we had to unplug the TV in order to plug in the coffee pot. No big deal. We were concerned about noise but our 4th floor room face the courtyard and we heard little noise. The house staff did a great job on supplying fresh towels and keeping the room tidy.We're happy to hear you had a delightful stay with us at the French Market Inn! Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback about our staff service and central French Quarter location. We hope to welcome you back to the Big Easy soon.
We just returned from a stay at the French Market Inn. It was, to say the least, Amazing! Fantastic location, wonderful staff, and great atmosphere. Nancy and Lon () were amazing, welcoming, and friendly! If we ever head back to NOLA, we WILL stay here again!!Hi Jackie, we're happy to hear you enjoyed your visit to NOLA! Thank you for choosing our historic French Quarter hotel for your getaway in the New Orleans French Quarter, we look forward to welcoming you back to our hotel soon!
Great little hotel bordering waterfront area and French Quarter. Close to all the action, actually right in the middle of it, but somehow not loud or in-your-face. Staff was super-helpful, receptionists were sweet, efficient. Doorman always helpful and had kind good morning words ready for us. Our room was large, had architecturally interesting details. I told them while making reservations that my friend was an architect, and they picked this room especially for us - thank you! Small pool that we didn't use, but other people had drinks out by pool area and they looked very relaxed.
The French Market Inn far exceeded our expectations. We stayed at this hotel during the Krewe of Boo festival and i can't say anything negative about this property. The location is perfect. It's only a couple of blocks from bourbon st, close enough to walk to everything, but far enough that when you want to call it a night, you can without being kept awake. The property itself was gorgeous: the pictures do not do it justice. We traveled with friends and we each had interior rooms. Our room was fairly large with brick walls and beautiful French antique style furniture at no point did we feel claustrophobic. Without a doubt, this is the hotel I'll stay at for any future trips to New Orleans!Reviews like yours are what we strive for! Thank you for choosing the French Market Inn and taking the time to share this valuable feedback. We appreciate your kind words about our property and accommodations, and are glad to hear that our location was the perfect for getting spooky at Krewe of Boo. We're looking forward to welcoming you back to the Big Easy in the future.
Was a little worried at first as pictures can be very deceiving. The pool picture does not do justice. I was thrilled with my room! And the staff were great. Lonnie is a gem! The location was perfect! In the middle of everything! I would definitely go back to the French Market Inn again, and I recommend it. My room was a little loud as it faced out onto the street and I'm a super light sleeper. Could here traffic and the boats on the Mississippi River (the river is across the road on other side of parking lot). Next time I would try a room facing the courtyard.We are thrilled that you enjoyed your stay at the French Market Inn. Thank you for sharing your feedback. Sorry to learn of the inconvenience you experienced with the street noise. We look forward to welcoming you back for quieter stay in one of our courtyard rooms!
A glorious surprise in a city rich with surprise. I've grown up with NOLA always in the background and am quite familiar with its hotels. The FMI has topped them all: location great, rooms fantastic, terrific affordable restaurant, charming courtyard and pool, absolutely everything you might want AND it's a great deal money wise!Hi Gary, thank you so much for choosing the French Market Inn and taking the time to share this valuable feedback. We appreciate your kind words and are glad that you enjoyed your stay with us in New Orleans. We look forward to welcoming you back soon!
Loved it!! Can't wait to go back. It is a very beautiful and relaxing Hotel, despite being so close to Bourbon St. The location was great, short walk to many attractions. The staff was friendly and helpful especially Irvin.Hi Jennifer, thank you for choosing the French Market Inn for your New Orleans getaway. We're glad you enjoyed your stay, and appreciate your feedback about our location and service - staff members like Irvin work hard to ensure great guest experiences happen every day. We look forward to welcoming you back to our French Quarter hotel soon.
My wife and I like historic hotels and this one delivered. The location was amazing and the staff were very attentive. We were looking for a place that was close to the French quarter. This hotel was within 2 blocks of everything people go to.the french quarter for. They recommended a wonderful local breakfast place. Helped with every question and the room.was.beautiful. We stayed in room 133 and it opened to the the courtyard. It was quiet, comfortable and charming. Thanks for providing a place for my wife and I to rediscover each other. Hi Timothy, thank you for choosing our historic hotel for your romantic New Orleans getaway. We appreciate your feedback, and are glad you enjoyed our central French Quarter location, staff service, and accommodations. We look forward to welcoming you back to the French Market Inn soon.
Location is excellent within 15 min walk of majority of restaurants, music, museums, theaters...tours Simple and easy layout for quick in and out Adequate room, no refrigerator, some sound transmitted, good heat and cool Cordial staffWe're glad you enjoyed your stay, Joe. Thank you for sharing your positive feedback, we value your kind comments and look forward to the opportunity to welcome you for your next New Orleans visit!
The French Market Inn was a reasonable price, a really nice place to stay, and a perfect location for enjoying the French Quarter. Decatur street seems to be the next busiest street besides Bourbon Street, but you couldn't hear it from the courtyard or our room. My friend Jerome and I found the staff very friendly, and more than willing to help with anything we asked. Our room was small, but had high ceilings which made it feel larger. The bathroom was very small, and I felt a little cramped brushing my teeth or shaving in there. It would have been better if the door opened outward.Guests tended to flock to the courtyard in the evening, and were a bit noisy, but I was able to sleep with earplugs no problem. There's a cat that lives in the courtyard, and like the locals is very friendly and laid back. The pool didn't open until 10:00 am which I think is silly. Why can't we take a dip in the early morning In reality I don't think anyone would have cared if we did, though.There's no breakfast included, and no refrigerator, so you're on your own in the morning. The French Quarter doesn't have many places that open before 10:00 am, so if you want to eat before then I suggest Uptown, or the Business District.
We appreciated the dark interior room. Very clean, quiet and we were able to sleep in for a change. Great location. You can walk everywhere from here. Staff was always helpful and were able to answer our questions.Thank you for choosing our historic hotel and taking the time to share your experience. We're glad you enjoyed your stay in New Orleans and we look forward to the opportunity to welcome you back soon.
This hotel was amazing! The location was centralized to the French Market, Bourbon St., Canal St., The Riverwalk and so much more!! You can walk in any direction and see so much. The hotel staff were so helpful, it was very clean, the beds and pillows were very comfy and very quite!! It's a beautiful facility and had tons of New Orleans charm. You won't be disappointed!Thank you for calling your stay at the French Market Inn amazing! We're glad you enjoyed your stay at our hotel near Bourbon Street, and value your kind comments about our staff service and accommodations. We look forward to welcoming you back to the New Orleans French Quarter soon.
This hotel was very quaint, as it is in one of the older buildings. Rooms are a bit small, since it is an older building. The price was good, especially considering the location is right in the French Quarter. The maid service left a little to be desired, as it appeared they did very little in the way of vacuuming. Would still consider staying here again though, as the concierge and front desk service was very good.Hi David, thank you for choosing the French Market Inn and taking the time to share your valuable feedback. Our hotel typically receives high marks from guests for our housekeeping service, and we apologize that our staff missed their mark with your stay - please know that all of your comments have been passed on to management and are being addressed. We're glad you enjoyed your time with us in New Orleans, and look forward to welcoming you back soon!
As stated in my previous review this is me my husband's go to hotel in the quarter. However this stay had a few issues. We arrived in New Orleans on Sunday, and made it down to our usual parking spot about 2 in the afternoon. We normally park in the lot across from the hotel, so we have access to our car and don't have to deal with valet. The parking lot has since been taken over by another company, and the weekend rates have doubled. It would have cost 45 a night to park in that parking lot. So I called the hotel to request valet and they wouldn't take our car until 3 p.m. So we had to pay 10 to park in the parking lot for one hour. We made it to the hotel valet at 3 and my husband had to stand outside in the heat with a car for close to an hour waiting for the valet to take it, as they were busy with check ins. The total time it took us to check in and get the car taken care of was close to two hours. Our overall stay at the hotel was still great, and the quality of the room was the same. However just be aware that the parking can be frustrating and expensive. Also, the day you are checking out you have to get your car out of valet by noon or they charge you an additional 20 no matter how long they keep it past noon.
My wife and I recently spent 3 nights here and it was everything we hoped it would be. We had an interior room what was a good size, very clean and comfortable. The hotel is located so close to everything you would want to do in the French Quarter and the people working there were very good about recommendations and pointing us in the right direction.We are so glad your experience was everything you'd hoped it would be. Thank you for choosing the French Market Inn and taking the time to share you feedback! We hope to welcome you back to the French Quarter soon!
My wife and I do extended road trips and always try to find good local restaurants that focus on food and not necessarily on presentation. We then go 'high end' for a few days (boutique hotels and fancier restaurants). This falls in between the two.The hotel is very nice and clean but the rooms are quite small (at least the standard rooms). Staff is attentive and polite but do not expect high end resort attentiveness. Parking is valet and your 26 dollars a night is basically a parking fee. You can take the trolley to the Garden District and walk the rest of the Quarter (4 blocks to Bourbon, 3 to Jackson Sq. another 3 to French Market). We got a King bed, 2 people for roughly 90 a night (mon-tues). Not bad from what I could tell on internet searches
New Orleans is a frequent destination for us and we are thrilled to have found French Market Inn. Great location, cozy room, and relaxing courtyard with a pool. The staff was terrific - front desk, maintenance, housekeeping and even Patrick the cat seemed to be happy to be there. Their great attitudes made you feel right at home. There is no greater value in New Orleans.
Absolutely perfect location for the French Quarter a few blocks from Jackson Square. Enter a pretty lobby where you're greeted by friendly, can't-do-enough-for-you staff and enjoy the charm of this historic property. We spent eight wonderful nights and have not one single complaint and lots of praise as it's very clean and quiet with extremely comfortable beds, best maid service we've ever had, a beautiful brick enclosed courtyard and small pool, daily paper, 24 hour helpful desk and doormen, across from the river, restaurants and shops nearby, space for your stuff, lovely rooms with an old world tasteful ambience and beautiful draperies at the floor-to-ceiling windows, not one single stain on our carpet, iron board, coffee/tea maker, elevators, best wifi we've ever had in a hotel, and ridiculously low winter prices. There is no breakfast but breakfast places nearby (we like to have lunch at NOLA'S great restaurants early when they're less crowded anyway). Would stay here again in a heartbeat. If hotel noises bother you, I urge you to wear the blue earplugs - we never heard a sound, even on game night. There's paid parking nearby but we walked everywhere except two days when we took a taxi to the WWII museum for 10 and to NOMA for 15. Only a few blocks walk to Cafe Dumonde and our favorite restaurants Tujague's and Muriel's. Fully handicap accessible too.Hi Linda, reviews like yours are what we strive for! Thank you for choosing the French Market Inn, we appreciate you taking the time to share your valuable feedback. We're happy to hear you enjoyed your time with us in the French Quarter, and thank you for your kind words about our location, accommodations, and staff service. We look forward to welcoming you back for your next NOLA visit.
We stayed at the French Market Inn during the long Veterans Day weekend. The folks in reception were very nice and check-in was a breeze. Our room was on the 3rd floor overlooking St. Louis St. We stayed in a petite queen room and while it was clean well organized, the room was very small - too small to even accommodate a sitting chair. The room had a bed, flat screen t.v., free safe, dresser, and coffee maker. While the location is great and right on Decatur Street, the hotel offers very little in the form of amenities. If not for the location, I would have rated this hotel as average. While the employees were all very nice, the extra touches were missing. The French Market Inn should consider having coffee, tea, and complimentary bottled water in the lobby for its guests. After a long day in town, it's nice to sit in the hotel lobby and enjoy a drink before retiring to your room. Good hotel, but could be much better.
The French Market Inn was fabulous for our girls trip from Jenna, the friendly front desk clerk, to the super clean room to the adorable courtyard. Request for extra blankets was taken care of right away. There was an issue with our tv working properly and three different people worked to get it taken care of. Everything was very clean in the room and in the public areas also. The location is super convenient for walking around in the French Quarter. The front desk recommendations for restaurants and tours was spot on.We're thrilled you had a fabulous girl' weekend in the French Quarter! Thank you for choosing the French Market Inn and taking the time to share your feedback, we especially appreciate your praise of our staff service. It was a pleasure welcoming you to New Orleans, and we hope you will be planning your return soon.
My first trip to New Orleans and French Market Inn was so pretty....the staff was very kind and there was 24 hour security at the entrance. The check in process was quick, took less than 10 mins. to get into our room. The Petite room we chose with a window which looked onto the side street, fixtures in the room didnt give off much light but it didn't really bother me. Both the room and bathroom were comfortably small giving a very cozy atmosphere. Location of the Inn was perfect and within walking distance to all the area attractions, when we needed a break from walking we would come back to the room and rest for an hour or so and hit the streets again. The French Market Inn will be the only place I stay at whenever I come back to New Orleans.
We loved the French Market Inn from beginning to end of our visit. Unfortunately, we were only there for one night, but we will return the next time in New Orleans.Check in was easy after we pulled up curbside to the hotel, and the valet parking attendant and bellman took care of everything. We arrived before our room was ready, so our luggage was kept in a locked room while we went to mass at the cathedral and had lunch. Jenna at the desk called me on my cell when our room was ready.We stayed in a double queen with a street balcony, and it was charming with brick walls, comfortable beds, free wifi, big screen TV, and huge enclosed shower. A few steps led up to double door that opened to a balcony overlooking Decatur Street and the river. We loved sitting on the balcony at night and in the morning while we enjoyed coffee. By the way, when on the balcony, it seems that the noise would be bothersome at night, but the walls and doors are soundproof! This hotel has New Orleans charm and great personnel who are friendly and helpful. The location is perfect so we could walk to shopping and restaurants. We will definitely return.Awesome, Mimi! Thanks for this excellent review and your special mention of our staff service. We hope to welcome you back soon!
Just got back from my trip to New Orleans, where we stayed at the French Market Inn. The building had an amazing charm and blasting air conditioning - a must for a trip to LA in August!Everyone who worked at the hotel was amazingly nice and helpful. Whether it was just greeting us as we came in from long treks around the city, giving us tips about places to find an early breakfast or just chit-chatting while as we wandered through the lobby, I can't remember ever staying in a place with a more friendly staff.The rooms were mostly a place to sleep after a busy day of sightseeing, but they were very comfortable. The beds were comfy, nice TV, nice big shower. I was grateful for the coffeemaker every morning!One of the best parts of the trip was the courtyard cat, Patrick. So great to see his sweet face as we visited the pool, or just walked through to the lobby. You can tell he is a happy camper to get all the attention, and the staff seems to really care for and about him.The best thing about this hotel is the location. It's near pretty much everything - shopping, restaurants, public transport. There's even a Walgreens right up the street for all those little things you forgot to pack.I can't say enough good things about this place. If we ever wander back to NOLA, I will be thrilled to book at the French Market Inn again!
We loved this place. Lovely inner courtyard for coffee or breakfast from PJs next door or Johnny's around the corner. Rooms are tiny - no doing your yoga in these rooms. But the location is right on, and it's clean and quiet in the middle of NOLA noise. Staff was also awesome. Pool has a fence and gates to accommodate families with kids who can't swim, but beware of guests and staff who leave one of the gates open. Families with kids should not consider this a let those kids loose hotel unless they're fish.Hi Susanna, thank you for choosing our historic boutique hotel, were happy you had a fantastic time with us in the French Quarter.
We were here for a couple of days before leaving for our cruise. We were in a queen room in the main building and facing out onto the street. The hotel was very quaint and the hotel staff were very efficient and super friendly. The room itself was a little tired but the bed was comfortable. The weather while we were in NOLA was pretty awful and the room was cold and drafty. The area has lots to see but can be a little sketchy at night. All in all it was a good deal and we would probably stay again. Hi Melody, thank you for choosing the historic French Market Inn. We appreciate your kind words about our staff and accomodations. Please know all of your comments have been shared with our managment team to help us improve our guest experience. We hope you enjoyed your time in New Orleans.
Well-located at the east end of the French Quarter. Great value for the money. Helpful, friendly staff. Our king bed was very comfortable, but the room was a bit cramped. Ample closet, but no dresser or armoire. Not sure where the management might have put one.Thank you for choosing the French Market Inn. Your kind words about our location, value, and staff are appreciated. Our hotel is happy to offer numerous different room options and sizes to fit the needs of our guests. Please know your comments have been shared with management. Overall, we hope you enjoyed your time in New Orleans.
Me and my sweetheart had a wonderful time. Nice warm room. They changed us to a window where we could people watch. Lots of help and a great location. Parking across the street a little pricey but convenient. Probably less expensive with their valet.Thank you for sharing your review. We take pride in providing French Quarter charm to our visitors, and we're happy to hear we impressed you! The cost of our valet service is 34 per night plus tax 38.51 total. Thank you for your feedback about our historic hotel's accommodations, we hope to welcome you back soon!
It is always nice to book a hotel based on reviews and it turns out well. This hotel is in a great location , close to many of the sight that people want to see in NewOrleans. The hotel is quaint and the staff we dealt with were all friendly. We did however request a room on the upper level and tat did not happen. They put us in a room that felt like a storage room with foot traffic going past continoiusly. I would be very aware of this.
This hotel is beautiful - spacious rooms, exposed brick. My friend and I shared a room with two double beds and a sitting room, and there was a beautiful courtyard with a pool. However, the walls are thin - we were awakened two nights in a row. Once to the sounds of an ... amorous couple, and once to the sounds of a couple fighting.I'd stay there again though - I think those couples were just bad luck.
We loved our stay at the French Market Inn! The location couldn't have been better. We could walk to Bourbon, Magazine and Frenchmen street. There was plenty to do on Decatur St as well! Nancy and all of the staff were great. Highly recommend!Hi Jenna, thank you for sharing your love for our historic hotel! We appreciate your feedback and hope to welcome you back to the French Quarter soon.
This is a great hotel, if all you're going to do is sleep there and then be out and about in the French Quarter the rest of the day. The bed was comfy, the rooms were fairly quiet (in June--I have no idea how crazy it gets during Mardi Gras), everything was clean, and the water-pressure in the shower was good. Oh, and the service was great--very, very friendly. And as everyone else notes, it is indeed walking distance to just about anything in the French Quarter or downtown.I would definitely have rated it five stars/excellent, if it weren't for two things, each of which lose it a star:First, to get to our room, we had to walk through the outdoor courtyard. That by itself would be fine, except the courtyard was where everyone went to smoke, and smoke they did. I really don't appreciate having to sacrifice my lungs just to get to my room. They should make the entire property non-smoking.Second, having read the other reviews here about making sure to get a room with a window, we paid extra for a room with a Courtyard or City View. The room we got had nothing of the sort. It did have a window, but that window was elevated at least five feet off the ground and only had a view of the roof of the building next-door. It was fine for us (we just wanted some natural light), but it was definitely not what we reserved.So to sum up: great hotel, just be prepared to inhale some second-hand smoke and don't expect to actually look out your window. (But you're in NOLA! Go outside and see the city instead of looking out your window!)Thank you for sharing your feedback about the French Market Inn, we appreciate your kind words about our staff service and central French Quarter location. We do our best to place our guests in accommodations that meet or exceed their expectations, and apologize that you were disappointed - due to the nature of our historic property, we have a level of variance in our room types. If our employees are alerted to an accommodation issue, we are happy to switch rooms when availability exists. Please know that all of your comments have been passed on to management, we look forward to welcoming you back for your next NOLA getaway.
We stayed at this hotel in early July 2014 and it was an instant favorite of ours. Its in a great location and has incredible charm and character. We stayed in a petite room that had a window overlooking the courtyard. Our room was one of the recently renovated ones so it was very, very nice. The staff we encountered were all very nice and helpful. We felt like royalty. Pros: People, Product and Price. You can't go wrong here as long as you get one of the renovated rooms. Its also very close to some tasty restuarants, shopping, the acquarium, etc.Cons: Your overall experience will probably depend on which room you get. Also, its New Orleans and so the parkin situation is not great. I think they hotel charges 35/night and they warned us that it would take upwards of an hour to get our car from the valet due to the event status of our stay.
My hubby and I stayed here last summer. It is an affordable, no frills place. The staff were friendly and helpful. Our room was comfy and quiet. No bar or restaurant but you are in the Quarter with plenty of those near by. The pool is small but nice. The wifi is a bit spotty. They do have vallet parking.
The room was great. Staff friendly. Only thing is I did not like the idea of the parking and having to pay for it. Was not there very long, got there late and had to leave early but what time we were there it was a fun place to be. Being the weekend everything was very active Thank you for choosing the French Market Inn and taking the time to share your feedback. We are glad to read that you had a fun time during your stay. We value your kind words about our friendly staff and hope to welcome you back soon for a longer stay!
Wasn't sure what to expect here. I just needed something relatively cheap for a night and it was so expensive downtown. Based on the reviews that I thought were unbiased, I decided to give this a try. Obviously the worst thing about it really is location. It can be down right frightening even. Alone, under a bridge basically. I can see where people would be freaked out. No doubt I wouldn't bring family or a date here. But the check in was friendly. The room was very basic but clean. I could park right outside my door. The A/C worked great. The bed was alright. I dare say comfortable although the sheets didn't exactly fit snug. I had a non-smoking room and I couldn't smell any major lingering smoke smell from any past use which is better than some other budget hotels. Needless to say, this wouldn't be my go-to hotel, but now that I've stayed at it, I would definitely consider it as a backup hotel and if I were solo again. So I feel better about possible future stays. And it was nice that there was a nice bright lit and friendly Raising Cane's nearby. I'm rating it average because that's basically what it is. It's a basic average motel and if you're expecting anything more than that, then you shouldn't be looking here.
Michaele was an exceptional concierge and staff member, she should get a raise for her ability to handle a busy hotel one handedly, her friendliness and helpfulness on directions, things to see and places to eat. She was working each day we were there and we were so happy to see her smiling and beautiful face when we entered as we knew she would be able to help us with our questions or queries about anything. The day staff was ok but not as helpful as Michaele (sorry if I am spelling that wrong). The beds were comfortable and clean, the croissants and coffee in the am were wonderful and the location was the best you could ask for and quiet. I would stay here again.Deb Soehner
stayed hear for 10 nights in mayhotel was lovely , very clean and the rooms and bed were great.large bathroom with free toiletries and a great magnifying mirror with light is always a bonus.the staff could not do enough for you, especially Michelle on the front desk who helped me book some excursions on our power pass when i was having problems .the location of the hotel is brilliant, close enough to the French quarter to walk . but its great after all the noise to be in a quiet area so you can get a good nights sleep. if you ask the desk to get you a cab they cost the same as if you had got your own which i thought was good.if your into rock / punk make sure you visit the dungeon bar in the french quarter it has great drink and the bar staff are lovely,we went in regular and they always liked to have a good chat with us.Dear ciderqueen2,Thank you so much for all of the kind words regarding your stay at the St. James Hotel! We work hard to make you feel comfortable and it is incredibly rewarding when that hard work pays off. We hope to welcome you back soon!Sincerely,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
Our week at St James Hotel was one of the best stays I have had. The hotel is in a great spot for almost any sightseeing venue in New Orleans, The staff, well every one we met who works here were great. And I cannot say enough about what an asset this hotel has with Machiel and Pedro. Both are always smiling, full of knowledge of the best attractions, and where to go for good eats. They both made our trip the best experience. I highly recommend this hotel!
Stayed here 5 days. This is a historical property within walking distance of most areas. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Meghan was most helpful, from calling ahead for us to her great dinner recommendations. A small breakfast was delivered to our room each morning. Elevator was down one day.
Just outside the French quarter, close to all tourist areas, near to public transport, grocery stores and plenty of restaurants. The hotel has quiet rooms, excellent shower, complimentary French breakfast, very very friendly personnel: after a day in town it really felt like coming home. There are several courtyards which can be used for eating a simple meal or a good glass of wine. Happy to be in a real town and in a pleasant hotel like this after the very anonymous expensive hotel in Orlando.Dear jooplent,Thank you for your kind words about your recent stay! It is our goal to be your home away from home so we are incredibly happy that you felt that way.We hope you stay with us should you decide visit New Orleans again.Best,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
We stayed here before going on our cruise. It was very nice however there was one issue. When I booked over the phone I said I was traveling with 6 people and they told they had a suite that would accommodate. When I got my confirmation I was booked in a room with two double beds called a suite but not the one I thought I had booked. The room worked out okay but the extra price I had to pay for being in this room versus the room my friends stayed in was substantial and the only difference was we had a patio door leading to a pool we could not use. I wish it had been more clear. I will know for next time. I only say this so that hopefully no one else makes the same mistake I did. On a positive note the hotel is beautiful and staff was super friendly. I will stay here again but will just pay attention to the room types.
Nice property in an excellent, convenient location. We will consider coming back. Internet service in the room was non-existent. We had 3 chances to be visited by maintenance staff and each was a pleasant experience. Mario the doorman could not have been more warm, welcoming, helpful. On Saturday evening, as we returned to the hotel, the woman at the front desk could not be bothered to look up from her phone to greet or even acknowledge her guests. Housekeeping needs to do a better job monitoring bath linen adequacy and other in-room amenities.
Wonderful staff, friendly and helpful. Accommodated early check in. Beautiful room, clean and safe. Love this hotel, I don't stay anywhere else. Great value for price and the croissants are the best in town, excellent breakfast service
Nothing bad to say about this hotel . We were greeted and helped by a very nice receptionist who made us feel welcome. The room was lovely, and the bed were so good! We loved that we got to have our breakfast in the room every day. Location is great, everything is close, but it's just outside the bustle, so it's nice and quiet. Definitely would go here again!
Booked a room at this hotel for one night. The reseption was just a table in the hall. Got one room first, arrived to the room and there was a lot of luggage in the room. Someone else was staying in that room. Lucky for us they was out.. Went Down again and got an another room. Thisone was ok. Good beds and clean room. But after we had checked in we was told that we could not use the water for showering etc.. we could only use bottle water. This due to pollution of water the day before. Well if 4 People should shower With bottle water I wouldnt imagine the time that would take:) And there was no discounts for the room...Dear Tonny S,Thank you for taking the time to give us your valuable feedback regarding your recent stay at the St. James Hotel. We appreciate you being understanding about the city wide water ordinance that was issued. You were able to use the water for showering but were asked to use bottled water to brush your teeth. I apologize that we failed to convey this properly as it is our responsibility to create the most comfortable experience for our guests.I do hope you return to the St. James Hotel, we value your opinions.Kind Regards, Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
Very nice hotel- spacious clean room- nice free crossaint breakfast- friendly staff- cute courtyard- pool is more the size of a hot tub though. Walking distance to all downtown sites yet not in a crazy area that is loud and partying all night Dear Christie R., Thank you for taking the time to leave feedback on your stay here at the St. James Hotel. I truly appreciate your comments about our rooms, breakfast, staff, and courtyard. We also love our great location in the city! It is so nice to be so centrally located, but just far enough away from the nightlife to be able to sleep through the night! I do hope that you consider staying with us the next time that you visit New Orleans!Sincerely, Burton HimbertAssistant General ManagerSt. James Hotel
My husband and I visited NOLA for the first time and stayed at the St. James. It was wonderful! Megan, at the front desk, greeted us with a smile and a friendly comment, every time she saw us and was more than willing to help us newcomers find places to visit. She helped us with times, directions, and any other questions we asked ...always with a smile! Our European breakfast was delivered by a very friendly,smiling,waiter and every other staff member we encountered, greeted us and interacted as if we mattered. How refreshing! It is not a hotel for partying people and not located in the hub-bub of that environment...but it is within walking distance to almost everything you'd want: Bourbon Street, Canal Street, French Quarter etc...we walked through all of that and loved it! The room was clean, comfortable and beds are comfy! We highly recommend it to anyone..even newcomers such as we were. We will be going back.
I stayed here a year ago and loved it. I plan on staying again this summer too. The parking fee is high but is all over New Orleans in the Quarter. Very friendly and helpful desk staff. The room is old NOLA style but comfortable. The location is great, walking distance to most things in the Quarter. Close to WWII museum which I highly recommend as well. Only breakfast is coffee and croissant but I was going to get beignets anywayDear HeatherJ144,Thank you for taking the time to leave feedback out your stay and time here at the St. James Hotel. Thank you for your kind words about our rooms, location and staff! I do we get to see you soon!Sincerely,Burton HimbertAssistant General ManagerSt. James Hotel
Extremely gracious staff, small but well appointed room, close to everything (but just far enough away).We had a first floor patio room with a small pool and courtyard setting. (It was available for two other rooms and accessible via a hallway - but we saw no one else there except hotel staff - so it felt very private.)All requests quickly and pleasantly provided to us. Note: we are not NOLA vacationers - and do not enjoy partying - so this hotel was a welcome and pleasant surprise.
My wife and I were celebrating our 1 Year Anniversary. They gave us such a wonderful experience. The Staff was very pleasant and courteous. Especially Machiel, the front desk worker, and Greg, the maintenance gentleman who helped us with our bags. Overall, this was the perfect weekend for our special day because of the staff that works there.Dear Chris A,We are thrilled to read that you had a great experience at the St. James Hotel. Thank you for taking the time to share the details of your stay and we look forward to your next staycation in our great city!Wishing you a Happy Anniversary and many more to come! Warm Regards, Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager (504) 304-4000
We used 4 different properties during Essence Festival weekend. I personally stayed at the St. James Hotel. The staff were friendly and helpful. We had over 60 guests at the property and all were very happy. The fresh baked croissants were an excellent way to start the day. Property was easy walking distance from the River front and other popular destinations in New Orleans. We look forward to our next stay.We appreciate your review! It's good to hear you and your 60 guest enjoyed our friendly and helpful staff, our fresh backed croissants and our properties convenient location with in walking distance to everything. We are looking forward to your next stay at the St. James Hotel!
Stayed for 5 nights and enjoyed it hugely! 5 minute walk from Bourbon Street and the main road in New Orleans. Crossiants and juice delivered to the room each morning, comfy bed with TV and great bathroom. Staff very helpful in pointing out places to eat and telling us where tours and trips go from. Great find and well priced!Dear Ross B,Thank you for taking the time to write a review about the St. James Hotel. We couldn't be happier that enjoyed your stay in the heart of New Orleans! It is our goal to exceed your expectations so we are so pleased that our breakfast service, rooms and staff seemed to do so. Kind Regards,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
I was looking for a smaller, boutique hotel to stay at prior to our cruise and for my husband and I to spend some time with my sister and her husband from Texas. This was an extension of my 50th birthday celebration. After many days of debating on which hotel to stay in while in New Orleans, I chose, the St. James Hotel. I am so glad I did. We stayed August 6th thru August 9th. From the time we got there, on Thursday morning. They were so helpful. Storing our luggage and telling us how to get around in New Orleans. Michelle was a Huge resource. She suggested places to eat (Mulates, Pralines, Ruby Slipper, etc.) which all had delicious food. She was also very helpful with explaning how to get to places and hooking us up with the bus tours. It ment a lot to me that she and the rest of the staff were so friendly and helpful. The hotel was decorated beautifully, the guest rooms were very accommodating and the beds were very comfortable. The location for excellent for us. It was within walking distance to the French Quarter, the World War II museum, Harrahs, the Aquarium, the mall, and the cruise terminal. This was definitely a hotel to remember and when I make it back to New Orleans we know where we will be staying.Dear Suyling,Thank you so much for taking the time to review your recent experience at the St. James. The staff is on cloud nine! We are dedicated to providing top notch service and are always delighted to exceed a guest's expectations. We hope you enjoyed your cruise and Happy Birthday! We look forward to you staying with us next time you are in New Orleans. Best Wishes,
Very nice and helpful staff, very neat and clean, classic New Orleans style and ambiance, located well within all of the places I wanted to be, and very well-priced. The rooms were spacious and the beds were comfortable. I would be happy to stay at the St. James Hotel again.
I loved staying here during such a busy weekend, and I still got the attention to detail from the staff. Christina and Amy were like my go to gals. The hotel is close to everything and the staff restaurant recommendations were awesomely fulfilling. I can say the bathrooms in the hotel either need a face lift or better cleaning tools everything else I loved.
This is by far my favorite hotel in New Orleans. Decent price, very nicely decorated and updated historic building, friendly staff, and it's 2 blocks from the French Quarter. We walked over to the Riverwalk for shopping during the day and there were tons of restaurants and bars to choose from.Dear AlfaLeone,Thank you for such a fantastic review! We are overjoyed that you loved your stay along with our staff, location, price and dcor. We hope to welcome you back soon!Sincerely,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
This hidden gem on the edge of the French Quarter and Business district has the best staff I have ever encountered.Amy, Tori and Danielle treat every guest like a VIP.The location is away from the bawdy part of the quarter but a short walk to all the tourist type stuff.The restaurant next door is The Chp House a true 4-5 star steak house.The new owners are still updating the rooms but the work done so far far provides a very nice place to stay in NOLA.Richard H,All of us here at the St. James want to express our gratitude for the amazing review!! As you mentioned, we continue to update the rooms and our property in an effort to provide the best experience possible. Customer service is where we really flourish and it's marvelous when we get this kind of feedback!We are eager for your next visit!
Room was small and bathroom was dated. Not as fancy as I expected it to be from the pictures. Bed was nice with nice pillows.Not enough outlets to plug in chargers.Location is nice. Staff was very friendly.Dear sallyspace,Thank you for taking the time to write a review about your recent stay. We appreciate you mentioning that you enjoyed our bed, location and staff. In regards to the small room, we are a historic building that was converted into a hotel so all of our rooms tend to be a little different in size. If you visit with us again, please request a larger room and we would be happy to accommodate you. We are also in the process of updating all of our bathrooms which is the final step of our renovations. We hope you decide to visit with us again so we may show you all that the hotel has to offer.Sincerely,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
I found that staying on the other side of Charles Street, away from the Quarter might suit me better. The more I explore NOLA the more I like the business area. It's quieter and has some new and old hotels that seem lovely, like the St. James. This appears to be a revitalized historical building. The lobby and courtyards are beautiful. I liked the croissants and coffee/tea/juice delivered to your room every morning. Loved the wood floors and large windows. Ariel at the Front Desk was beyond welcoming and friendly. She represents New Orleans well! My daughter adored her. All the staff was exceptional. If you need something, please ask. And be nice to them. They are human too. The Chop House attached to the hotel is amazing and staff is just as wonderful! Treat yourself to dinner there. I do feel that Housekeeping was a little lacking, but when I mentioned it, my concerns were resolved. It's a unique and lovely hotel.Dear Elizabeth S,Thank you for taking the time to write a review. Thank you for the feedback regarding our service and amenities. Also, our building is restored from the Civil War period as we used to be a hospital for Union soldiers among other things so good eye! We are very pleased that you ventured in the central business district. The city has greatly developed this area in recent years and it has so much to offer! We hope you visit with us again soon!Sincerely,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
Lets start with the the check in process --GREAT people easy check in! Staff is very nice and helpful,The room is an average room--small and tight but that is normal for New Orleans, Walls are paper thin and the first night of our neighbors screamed and fought and had to call security,Also the door has a 1 gap on the bottom with light and noise pouring in! Used pillows at night to block (not so good)Bed creaks and is hard to get up without waking everyone else .Maid service is TERRIBLE!!! First night coming back to room we were missing all the cups, all the coffees, all the teas, no bathmat, no washrags, and no kleenex.Second night returning to the room at 5 pm---room was not touched--had to call front desk and they said O No the maids were running behind.Maid Mng said they would be over at 6:30 to do room. We left at 6.Came back at 11pm and sure the maid came in and straightened the bed.And that is all they did.......This time there was no cups, no coffee, no tea, no bathmat, and both trashcans were overfilled and not empty and no toilet paper.Again I called down to front desk and requested things brought to my room--front desk clerk asked (testily) what do we need right away (she sounded very put out)Today I will speak with a manager and hopefully all of the other rooms our friends are in are not suffering this poor service and attitude.Dear Richard b,Thank you for taking the time to write a review about your recent stay. Let me apologize on behalf of my staff for the housekeeping and front desk clerk issues that you experienced. There is never an excuse to respond to your needs while here at the hotel. Please forgive us as what your experience did not meet your standards or our own. As I reviewed these comments with our staff, I discovered that our Assistant GM has spoken with you and hopefully helped to resolve any issues we could at this point. We have used your experience as a learning tool in order to find ways to make improvements. The service that you received is simply unacceptable. We truly hope you will consider a future stay so that we may provide you with a stay that you deserve.Warm Regards,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
Stayed in December . Location is good close to french quarter and aquarium etc. Front desk staff friendly . Room was not good the bathroom was old and poorly maintained, water pressure very bad and shower not that hot, power points came away from the wall when removing dryer etc. The floor above us was very noisy and we could hear footsteps all night , very loud. Room included croissants for breakfast that we're okay but coffee was only warm . Our room also had a safe that didn't work which is a huge pain. We had to drop valuables at the front desk ever time we went out... The phone in our room also continuously flashed a red message light which is actually quite bright at night... We were told it was faulty ( like the safe) . We would think there are better hotels available. We went to bourbon st on Christmas night and found it to be fine .... Pretty quiet but we left by 9 , so can't comment on excessive drinkers etc. it was quiet for obvious reasons. Also went to the aquarium which was worth the visit.Dear Mooseygoosey,Thank you for taking the time to complete our online survey regarding your recent stay at St. James Hotel, an Ascend Hotel Collection Member.Allow me to apologize on behalf of our hotel for failing to meet your expectations regarding the maintenance of your room on your recent visit. I have shared your feedback with our Chief Engineer to ensure we handle that these problems are taken care of swiftly. Again, thank you for your time and valuable feedback. We sincerely appreciate it and hope you will give us another chance to provide you with superior service and accommodations on your next visit to New Orleans.Kind Regards
The St James Hotel is a very nicely maintained boutique hotel located downtown. The staff is extremely welcoming. The hotel is small but beautiful with a West Indies decor. Outdoor spaces include a charming courtyard just off the lobby and. small but pretty pool area. Our king room while not huge was spacious with high ceilings and tall windows. The bed was comfortable and the room was very well appointed with a new large flat screen TV, a small refrigerator and a microwave. Other special touches included a complimentary breakfast of hot croissants, jam and butter and choice of orange juice, coffee or tea delivered up to the room. That was nice. I also liked that the toiletries included a small bottle of mouthwash along with Bath and Body shop soaps, shampoo and conditioner. About the only thing the room lacked was a full length mirror ( a must for any hotel IMO). Also there were no newspapers in the lobby such as you'll usually find in other CBD hotels.The location is quiet at night and close to the French Quarter as well as the Warehouse District. This is a great home base for foodies. The Bon Ton Cafe is right across the street. Chophouse steak house is accessible from the lobby. Le Foret, MiLa, Luke, Domenica, Herbsaint (great CBD restaurants all) are a couple of blocks away as are the wonderful restaurants of the Warehouse District.The rate for all of this was quite reasonable compared to similar hotels in the neighborhood, especially since this was a busy weekend (Saints home game, kickoff to fall wedding season) and many hotels we tried were booked up. My husband and I come to New Orleans frequently and like staying in the CBD. We had never stayed at the St. James before but we're adding it to our rotation after this pleasant stay.
This hotel is in a great location, staff is helpful and friendly. The in room breakfast was nice. The only down side is the walls are thin so its very noisy. The bed was uncomfortable and the pillows were very flat. I had to stack up 3 of them. We didn't get much sleep during our stay.
The St. James is a wonderful little boutique hotel in a spectacular location of New Orleans. My wife I recently stayed there over our wedding weekend, and we were treated fantastically by the staff - setting us up with a particularly nice King Suite during our stay, and just generally making us feel as though we were truly at home. Can't say enough about the staff and how friendly, pleasant and accommodating they were - in particular, Ariael, Christina, Amy Michelle (and the list goes on and on). Although it was a relatively short stay, it was a pleasure to feel like we truly welcomed by the staff there. And a tip for future guests, if you can convince Ariael to sing for you, you're in for a real treat - she broke out some John Legend for us on our wedding night, and we were absolutely blown away!
We were in town for a wedding and had 9 rooms. The rooms were all different shapes and sizes. My room was large, with 2 queen beds, wood flooring, and a large closet. One of the rooms in our party had a king bed with a small closet. The beds were so comfortable that my mother wrote down the make and model number. I agree that the water pressure could use some improvement. The hotel is only a few blocks off of Canal Street which made it easy to walk to most of the places we wanted to go. From check-in to check-out we received excellent service. Christina and Cheryl took care of everything we needed, from suggesting restaurants, printing out directions, and ordering a cabs. There was always coffee and ice water in the lobby where we spent a good bit of time visiting with friends and family. My husband and I agree that we will return to the St. James Hotel on our next visit to New Orleans.
My wife and I stayed a long weekend for the New Orleans Bowl. We read the reviews and booked this hotel kind of at the last minute.We had a room on the 4th floor which came with an outdoor, rooftop patio type space.Be aware that the hotel is still working on updating things so there is a lot of construction activity. Nothing that disturbed our stay but getting in and out, parking, and dust are things to consider. Parking was a challenge until we found the lot across the street for 30/day. If you drive a block further down on the right you may find 12/day as an FYI. The entry area has been moved so unloading and getting in/out is a challenge. The check in area is nice but quite dusty still as is the elevator and some of the halls and room.The room was very nice. We loved the exposed brick and wood joists. Very comfy bed, fridge, coffee maker, and microwave are all in the room ready to use. The rooftop patio area was a nice surprise given the warm weather and sun that weekend!The light breakfast delivered to the room was awesome. Great tasting croissant w butter and jelly and juice/coffee are delivered at the time you specify. And they were on time too. The staff was great and I would recommend this hotel to anybody. Walking to Poydras, Canal, and the French Quarter is a matter of a few minutes. Dear SandnSun67,Thank you so much for your kind words regarding you recent stay at the St. James Hotel! We are happy to report that the entrance is back to normal and the construction in the lobby is complete!We hope to see you next time you are in New Orleans so you can experience all that we have to offer again!Warm Regards,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
Valet service was aweful. We waited nearly 2 hours for our car no one seemed to have any clue about what was taking so long or what was even going on period. No regular coffee in the rooms, only decaf. Was told you had to order regular coffee from room service.... which I did, and it never showed up. No one at the desk had a clue about that either. Nor did they offer to fix it. Only that coffee is available in the lobby. Who wants to walk to the lobby in their PJs first thing in the morning for coffeeDear amp1789017,I am terribly sorry to read about your recent experience. In regards to our valet service, we do contract this service out and I appreciate you alerting us to the long wait time as this is unacceptable for our guests.We provide regular and decaf coffee in all rooms, with breakfast service as well as in our lobby so this is incredibly strange to read. I sincerely thank you for the feedback so I can reach out to our housekeeping departments and front desk to figure out what may have been the issue. This experience is not typical of the service that the St. James is capable of providing and I apologize that this is the impression that you now have of the hotel service. I would love the opportunity to change that impression. Should you decide to give us another chance, please let me know. Warmly,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000jdragnanolahotelgroup.com
This is a decent budget hotel (thought not so budget in its price). The room is decent size, the queen bed that I had was comfy, the a/c worked fine, and the room also had a mini fridge and a microwave (I didnt use the latter, so cant testify on its quality). However, I found a few things very irritating. First, the shower. Although the shower-head is decent, you can never know if you would have hot water or not, and the water's temperature changes while you take a shower. It seems that during peak hours, like 7am or 7pm, the hot water will last for 2-3 minutes, and than you will experience 1-2 minutes of cold water, before the hot water resume. But the most diaspointing thing was breakfast - the hotel advertises a free continental breakfast, but reality is slightly different. Every evening you are asked to fill in a form, where you ask when would you like breakfast to be delivered to your door. And than, the following morning, around the time that you ask, give or take 15 min, a person will bring in one pot of look warm, undrinkable, coffee, and one pre-hitted (by microwave) croissant, with a tiny piece of cheap butter and a tiny jar of jam. This is it - that's your breakfast. Every morning I found myself going out and buying breakfast at a cafe. It is not only the taste, or the luck of it, but also the quantity, and the lack of it as well. Plenty of better options around, for the same price.Dear Np-In,Thank you for writing a review about your recent stay with us. We appreciate you mentioning the amenities that you did enjoy such as the queen bed, a/c unit and mini fridge. We genuinely apologize that your water temperature was not consistent and will pass on your issue to our maintenance department so we may investigate the problem. In regards to our free breakfast service, we take pride in our simple offering but only if it is the most superior quality. So again, we apologize that this failed to meet your expectations. We will use your feedback to better our services and hope that next time you visit New Orleans you will give us another chance to wow you.Warm Regards,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
Had a great time at the St. James Hotel. Stayed in room 403. Arrived 5/3/15 in the afternoon and both Ingrid and Jon were so helpful, although our room wasn't ready when we checked in (checked in at noon - room ready at 3 which is normal), Ingrid and Jon got us signed up for some tours, told us where to go to get a good drink for the price (Fais Deaux Deaux's fishbowls - crazy but great), and made sure we felt comfortable.We didn't eat the hotel breakfast as the Ruby Slipper is right down the street and Mothers is right around the corner (like the Ruby Slipper more). Every time we entered the hotel we were greeted, the staff asked us how our day went and gave us great tips on where to go to catch some great jazz and good deals. Everyone was super nice.The room - was vintage and not your typical square room (under the eaves - it was great actually), we had a balcony with table to sit and enjoy the evening with a bottle of wine (corkscrew supplied by front desk - thank you). The hotel is within walking distance of everything (and I do mean everything). Bring good shoes to walk in because you will get your exercise in this city - but being close to everything also meant we didn't have far to stumble if we drank too much, could drop things off at the hotel if we bought too much and could return for naps in between outings.
The reviews were very good so we booked 2 rooms in this hotel for 3 nights. The reception staff was at best indifferent. We had booked a room with 2 double beds for our teenage children and they upgraded us to a king suite with a very uncomfortable pull out sofa. They did not try to accommodate us at all. The croissant in the morning was a bit stale. And the walls are paper thin, in each room we were woken up by people having sex next door almost every night...So apart from a good location and a decent price, I would not recommend this hotel. We did not enjoy our stay there....Dear Planetnat,Thank you for taking the time to review the St. James Hotel. I apologize for the mix up on your room upgrade and that our staff was unaccommodating. It is our goal to be your home away from home and unfortunately in this instance we failed. I understand how uncomfortable this must have been for your family and I do hope you give us another to chance to show you what our rooms have to offer! Sincerely
Mixed bag at this hotel. Convenient location, delightful staff and attractive lobby/lounge area. However, the bedroom floors were in dire need of refurbishment and our room was dirty, specifically stained duvet, dirty shower curtain and bathroom floor not properly cleaned. Complained to the front desk, but nothing was done about it. A pity, because we loved the city.Thank you for your review your feedback is greatly appreciated. On behalf of our hotel, please accept my sincerest apologies for failing to meet your expectations regarding the floors, shower curtain, and duvet. This is something we should not have missed in our room cleaning and this should have been resolved after you brought it to our attention. I will share your comments with our housekeeping department so we can improve our service in the future. Again, thanks for your feedback. We hope you'll give us another chance to provide you with superior service and accommodations on your next visit to New Orleans.Sincerely,Duriel HarrisGuest Relations ManagerSt. James Hotel(504) 304-4000
I had chosen this hotel when booking bc it wasn't right in the French quarter but it was close enough you could walk to everything you would want to do within 10min. When we got there we were greeted by a lovely young lady named Ingrid. Let me tell you she was so helpful in getting us a room because we arrived early and showing us where to go and where not to go. Every one of her recommendations was a HUGE SUCCESS! She really is someone who takes pride in her job and she does her job very well. Honestly even if the hotel wasn't as nice as it was she made it worth it being there. You felt like you were going home to your house every night, the staff is soooo wonderful. Never had a better experience staying somewhere. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. The old school feel was cool also. The restaurant next door called the Chop House was the best steak I have had in my life. Must try it I you stay at the hotel or love steaks! Dear Mark G, We are thrilled to read that you had a wonderful experience at the St. James Hotel. Thank you for taking the time to share the details of your stay and we look forward to welcoming you back on your next visit to our great city!We will be sure to share you kind words with Ingrid and the rest of our staff and are so glad that you enjoyed our location, rooms and restaurant. We hope you visit with us in the near future.Kind Regards,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
close to great places to see and this is a very nice atmosphere of workers that made you feel like a long time friend the breakfast was a great start of the day and the food around the area was great thank you and keep it up
We enjoyed our 7 day stay at the St. James Hotel due to the wonderful staff and fantastic location. The in room breakfast every morning was a wonderful way to start our day sightseeing. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, suggesting places to see and eat. We walked to everywhere- French Quarter, River Walk and St. Charles trolley. Would stay again. Downsides: pool area and terrace were not usable and our room was a little tired and needed a more thorough cleaning.Dear 259cheryle,Thank you for taking the time to write a review about your June 2017 stay. We are delighted that you enjoyed our staff, location and breakfast delivery. As mentioned in previous replies, the circulating pump on our pool was broken and has since been replaced so I do apologize for this inconvenience. Thank you for the feedback and we hope to welcome you back to the St. James Hotel! Best,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
I went to NoLa for Labor Day Weekend. I stayed from Sept. 3 - 7. Price was reasonable and the location is great. The breakfast is included BUT only 1 croissant,1 coffee and 1 glass of OJ PER person. Room was clean and good amount of space, I was on the 4 floor. Friendly courteous and helpful staff. The only complaint I have is the bathroom, water pressure was EXTREMELY low and our sink was not working when we arrived, we waited 20 hours for the sink to be fixed. I know sometimes at hotels water pressure is not the best, but the hotel shower water pressure was really low. NoLa is great city to visit with amazing food and sites to visit.Dear Valued Customer,Thank you for sharing your recent experience at the St. James Hotel. We are glad that you appreciated our location, price and courteous staff. In regards to the amount of time it took to fix your sink, there is no excuse for this failure and we are grateful that you brought this to our attention. As mentioned in a previous response, the low water pressure was caused due to a main water line issue with the city. We are confident this issue is resolved. We hope to welcome you back next time you are in New Orleans. King Regards,
This place needs new management!! Jennifer the GM is about as useless as tits on a bull. Staff assured us on Monday that there were plenty rooms available!! Her staff (Christy, asst. GM)assured us on Tuesday and Wednesday that they would honor a gift certificate for one nights stay this weekend and Christy would call us back on Thursday with a confirmation because she didnt know how to enter the gift certificate into the computer. No phone call was received on Thursday so we call today. After 3 phone calls, we finally speak to the GM -Jennifer, who said they could not honor the gift certificate bc no rooms were available! This is a BOLD FACED LIE!! There are rooms available according to their website! Do not do business with this joke of a hotel! Customer service is terrible!! The staff is uneducated and clearly lacks customer service knowledge.Dear palmers1800,As I have mentioned on the many other reviews that you have written, I do apologize that we were not able to accommodate your gift certificate this past weekend. Gift certificates are donated as a courtesy to many charitable events that are important to the St. James Hotel family. On the gift certificates, we do specify that they can not be used over special event periods and are for standard rooms. Unfortunately, this past weekend was a special event and we only had 1 room available at the time we spoke which was our King Suite. I do require all gift certificates to be approved through me so I sincerely apologize if you received the incorrect information through our front desk staff. Christie, Assistant GM, began her career at the St. James only a few weeks ago and was not yet familiar with our policies and procedures regarding gift certificates. We would be more than happy to accommodate you in future. Please reach out to me directly at the below direct line. I do hope to hear from you so that we are able to show you the level of customer service that I know the St. James staff is capable or providing. Again, I apologize for any miscommunication and I look forward to hearing from you. Best, Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)962-0781
My husband and I had the pleasure of staying at the St. James for two nights. The hotel room was clean and cozy. Extremely comfortable bed. The staff could not do enough to make our stay more perfect. It was our first visit to New Orleans and they helped make it wonderful. Amy, Toshiba, James, Tori, Ashley, and Danielle were so helpful with directions and suggestions. Amy told us exactly where to get on and off the street car so that we would have a seat. When we would come into the lobby we were greeted by name and asked how we were doing, where we had been, like we were family. James is the nicest bell hop, he suggested we go to Mother's restaurant our first night, it was so good. We will be back to stay at the St. James again and see all of our friends there. By the way it is also a great location to everything.
My wife and I have stayed at Ascend brand hotels before and love them. The St. James Hotel was no exception as they reflect a local charm. Not for travelers that want a modern room. Our top floor suite had beautiful exposed beams and brick walls. Even the sloping floor seemed to fit the room. The overhead ceiling fan made me feel like I was home, The bed was the most comfortable hotel bed that we have ever slept in. You could hear a pin drop it was so quiet, The location was excellent within walking distance of the French quarter, The staff delivered a delicious croissant breakfast to our room daily that we enjoyed on the patio . There were minor things needing updating but I would highly recommend this hotel.Dear Jack C,Since we are new to the Choice Brand, it is excellent to know we are representing the Ascend level well! We are grateful for the recognition of our local charm and the quirks that make the St. James Hotel unique! We are continuing to update the property and appreciate your recommendation! Come back soon!
Staff was so polite my wife made friends with some of the desk girls and the GM named Jennifer, who made us feel right at home. Courtyard, foyer, artwork etc had old school feel but rooms had all new beds, tubs, hd tvs, etc. LOVED IT! Will be back.
A charming typical old time New Orleans Hotel with decorative wrought iron front, but updated rooms. Located near Poydras, a street used to get to many districts, attractions, airport with easy drive to I-10. Easy walking distance to the streetcars, restaurants, casino, Riverwalk, and to all the French Quarter has to offer. Staff is very accommodating and helpful, making our return stay at this hotel a joy. Hope to be back next year.
We had a great weekend getaway at the St. James Hotel. The location is convenient to Fulton Street and other warehouse district restaurants. We particularly enjoyed the quiet shaded courtyard between the buildings.Dear Cindy W, Thank you for your kind review. We are incredibly happy that you enjoyed your stay particularly the courtyard! Warmly, Jennifer Dragna General Manager (504)304-4000
We had a reservation cancelled at another hotel, and found this gem the same day we landed in NOLA for a conference. It was an easy walk to the Convention Center, and just a skip to the French Quarter. Plenty of excellent food within just a few blocks walk. The front desk was friendly and texted to check in daily. The bed were comfy, and the room quiet despite being right next to the hustle and bustle. The only down side was that breakfast was a little thin for my liking: AMAZING fresh croissants, jam, coffee and jam. Would definitely go back again!We're glad you decided to stay with us after your last-minute cancellation! It is good to hear you enjoyed the comfy beds, quiet room, friendly staff, and short walk from the hotel. Future breakfast expansion is something we are considering. Thanks for taking the time to leave a review! Your feedback is very much appreciated. We would definitely love to have you back again!Sincerely,Duriel HarrisGuest Relations ManagerSt. James Hotel(504) 304-4000
The hotel lobby is in the process of renovations but our room was in wonderful condition. The beds were very comfortable and the continental breakfast was delivered on time and was good. The hotel location is great as we had events to attend in the French quarter. The staff were very good and we enjoyed our stay at the Saint James.
This place was wonderful. Staff was fantastic with all their help. Making reservations and with a handy umbrella when it rained. Great directions to sites to see. Just fantastic service which means a lot.
One of many old and charming buildings in and around the quarter. The hotel is a couple blocks off canal on Magazine (which becomes Decateur) when you cross Canal to the Quarter. While a bit worn around the edges, the character and charm still reign. We were in the original building on the 4th floor, which meant a special treat-small balcony and roof top views. It was a great place to sit in the morning and midday, quiet and restful as a break from the frenetic pace of New Orleans. We enjoyed morning coffee and croissants (room service and part of the perks of the room). The room itself was large with great character-open eaves, but careful around the corners if you are very tall. Comfortable bed, a serviceable AC system and average bath. While I suspect renovations will update, I hope the true charm does not get lost. The front desk staff were also very friendly and helpful. There was also a lovely courtyard behind the hotel lobby to the newer wing which seems another wonderful option for relaxing before the next adventure. Note to member rewards folks, this is part of the Choice Privileges group, but maintains the boutique feel.
Nba allstar is a continuous must among friends. We attend all games in Nola , as natives we love to stay in a different hotels for these events. One of our attendees suggested the st James hotel it delivered! Amy's graciousness topped it all off for us! A Great concierge , the others were okay. Management is professionally kind. We will gladly pay what ever their rate is!
Very nice place for the dollar. Centrally located. Parking fees too high but all parking is high anywhere in NOLA. Room needed shampoo stocked in bathroom. Other than that it was nice. Staff was very nice and helpful.Thanks so much for taking the time to leave a review! I am sorry to hear your shampoo wasn't replenished, but it is good to hear you found our staff to be nice and helpful and the stay was a good value. We hope we see you again so we can make the next stay even better!Kind regards,Duriel HarrisGuest Relations ManagerSt. James Hotel(504) 304-4000
5 stars is not enough and I am basing this solely on the staff. What a pleasurable experience! I have never visited any place that made us feel more like FAMILY then customers. For that, we are grateful. The energy in New Orleans is one of a kind, thank you all!Thanks so much for leaving a review with such positive feedback!We'll ask TripAdvisor to let you add more stars to your review! It's great to hear you had such a great time in New Orleans. When you stay with us, you're essentially family! My staff joins me in thanking you for the kind words. When you feel the need to re-experience the energy of New Orleans, we hope you'll keep us in mind!Kind regards,Duriel HarrisGuest Relations ManagerSt. James Hotel(504) 304-4000
Great location, near the Canal trolly, easy to get around, great staff! Absolutely love the breakfast delivery to the room! Now how can I get that at home. The coffee was was divine in the lobby at all times beautiful, clean, steaming hot coffee. Thank YOU!
Steve and I enjoyed our stay at this beautiful hotel, the decor was lovelycenterally located to everything, breakfast was lovely, they brought it to our roomcroissant, orange juice, tea and coffeewe were able to watch some of the Mardi Gras parade from our room we were able to check into our rooms 2 hours earlier so that we could unpack and freshen up after our flight from Canada, head out to catch some of the Mardi Gras parade, all the staff at this hotel is knowledgeable and helpful, I dont remember the name of the lady who helped us when we arrived on the 9th, but she was able to guide us to the best location to watch the parade and suggested 3 restaurants to get real homestyle cooking, one was the fish grill, she also gave us a coupon for a free bottle of wine,the Assistant Manager Rocky was very helpful, also very knowledgeable, this was my first visit to New Orleans, I'm looking forward to the nextDear Dee P P,We are thrilled to read that you had a great experience during your Mardi Gras stay. Thank you for noticing our staff, dcor, location, and breakfast. Our staff was ecstatic to hear about the rave review as it is always nice to know we positively influenced a guest's trip. We look forward to your second visit to New Orleans and hope to welcome you back.Warm Regards,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
James Stowe, Amy and Christine were wonderful and very helpful. very good location, walking distance to most areas we were interested in. would go back to this location. the room was quiet, breakfast was on time, and on one occasion, when we requested the service earlier, it was delivered on time. again, the staff took very good care of our entire party.
This was my first trip. Ingrid, at the front desk was very helpful reserving a swamp tour and recommending a restaurant. Very convenient location, 2 block walk to the French Quarter. Yes, there were renovations going on, but no noise until 8am. Maybe a problem if you are out partying to 2 am...but I wanted to enjoy the sights, so it was not any inconvenience. The croissant delivered to my door every morning was HUGE, and wonderfully flaky. The staff was helpful with directions and letting me know what areas were safe to walk in. The beds were very comfortable and I slept well each night. The microwave and mini fridge in the room are very handy amenities to have. I am diabetic, and having the fridge/ micro make life much easier when traveling. The worst thing about my trip was a Boil water alert was called (it happens once in a while in this area) but the hotel handed out bottled water to the guests until the area wide situation was resolved. Thank you Ingrid, for making my trip a wonderful memory. I am already planning a trip for next year and will not hesitate to stay at the St. James again.Dear H S,Thank you for sharing your recent experience with us. We are pleased that the staff was helpful and the amenities were able to accommodate your needs. The city-wide boil water alert can be an inconvenience so we appreciate your understanding with our bottled water and mentioning that we handled the situation properly. We are delighted to read that you are planning a trip back to NOLA and the St. James next year!Kind Regards,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
Very convenient location, easy walking distance to French Quarter attractions. Quiet location, older building with character, which is my preference over a large chain hotel. Front desk staff extremely helpful, especially since I'm not familiar with the city. I got good recommendations for restaurants, galleries, antiques. ...I stayed in a standard room 2nd floor - surprisingly large, with good amenities - fridge, microwave, toiletries. Room was very clean, good housekeeping. Free wi-fi worked well for me, a nice perk. Free continental breakfast delivered to my room was also a great perk, I like starting the day with good coffee! I didn't drive in, took the train (Amtrak is a very quick cab ride away), so no feedback about parking. Pretty little patio area between the buildings. I'll definitely stay here again.Wren1031,Thank you so much for the glowing review! We love knowing we provided supreme customer service to a guest as that is a continuous goal of every member of our staff. We look forward to future stays and the opportunity to live up to your expectations!
I spent one night here. Location was great. Check-in wasn't until 3p so we parked across the street for the same price as valet and got our party started early! The room was nice and cool as well! Great price. We paid 99 for one night in June. Staff was friendly. There wasn't much of a view. Loved the wifi too!Thanks for choosing to stay with us at the St James Hotel in New Orleans. We know when you are traveling you have many options to choose from when it comes to a place to stay. We are absolutely honored that you gave us a chance and took your time to write a review on Tripadvisor!!! We cannot thank you enough and just want you to know that we truly value your opinion and you as Our Guest.We truly hope that on your next visit to the Big Easy you will choose to stay with us again!Warm Regards,Sarah HixsonDirector of Sales
The people make this hotel. Thank you for our stay Hotel St. James. We started poorly with a late delivery of the famous croissants our first morning. OK, bad rain and nobody is happy. We did get our croissants and they were never late the rest of the weekend. The staff organized our taxis, dinners recommendations, and directions. The rooms and bathrooms are clean and the beds are comfortable. Close enough to Bourbon Street without noise. A great place to stay!!Dear CMMJAKE,Thank you for staying at the St. James Hotel! We appreciate you not letting the late breakfast and rain get you down for the whole trip. We are thrilled that the staff was able to provide you with the special service we pride ourselves on by offering recommendations, directions and taxis. Thank you for the special mention of cleanliness as our housekeeping staff truly is the best.We hope you return to the St. James next time you are in New Orleans so we can start your trip off great this time around!Warm Regards,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
The hotel should get four stars because the hotel was newly renovated, staff were friendly and helpful, the location was great and close to everything in the French Quarter. Unfortunately, there was only a pathetic dribble of water in our shower. I did ask them on three separate occasions to fix the shower but nothing happened. In addition, the TV did not work. A hotel should be able to get the basics right and water in the shower is sort of basic! Dear CloudChaser57722,Thank you for sharing you recent experience at the St. James Hotel. We are glad you enjoyed our staff, location and newly renovated interior. On behalf of my staff, we apologize for the maintenance issues you encountered. We are in the process upgrading all of our showerheads and I will surely pass long your comments to the maintenance department. Your feedback is important to us and we hope you consider a future stay so we may provide you with the stay your deserve. Kind Regards,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
Loved the atmosphere of hotel room. Perfect for our first time in New Orleans. Close to French Quarter but far enough away to be quiet. Nice to have breakfast delivered to the room each morning. Will definitely stay here again.Dear Barry H, Thank you for the glowing review! We are so happy that we could contribute to a great first stay in New Orleans and we look forward to welcoming you back! Sincerely, Jennifer Dragna General Manager (504)304-4000
Well, I really wanted to like this place. I come to New Orleans 3-4 times a year. Typically I stay around the corner at another hotel. They were booked so I thought I would try this place.Checking in was fine but I noticed most of the other guests were tourists. That's okay if everything flows like it should.Continental breakfast is brought to your room per the order sheet you hang on your door.Monday night I made my selection and indicated it to be brought up between 7 and 7:30. Tuesday morning at promptly 7:30 as I'm walking out the door, the order arrives. I tell the worker I have to leave and to give it to someone else. I have meetings all week at 8:00.Tuesday night, I fill out the card and write on it, if it can't be delivered at 7:00 then don't deliver. Wednesday morning I get a call at 6:45 indicating my breakfast is ready in the courtyard downstairs.Wednesday night I ask the clerk how do I do this for Thursday and she says to just write it on the card for Thursday morning.So I make my selection and write that I will be in the courtyard at 7:00. This morning (Thursday), I go down to the courtyard and nothing. I sit there for 15 minutes with no one in sight. I leave and ask the desk clerk to get my car brought down and ask about breakfast. She knows nothing about it and offers to get some, but I tell her that have to leave.I get back to the room tonight, and there is no selection card...So I go to the desk and ask for one and then mention some of the difficulty with breakfast as I'm 1 out of 3. The male clerk basically stats arguing with me that I should have let them know. Luckily the clerk I spoke with this morning was there and she indicated the I did. The hotel itself is okay. It's old and smells a bit musty, but I don't mind that. The walls are paper thin as I had a virtually in room experience of the amorous exploits of the couple in the next room. I was a bit envious of his stamina....The floor in the room has twice vibrated as though an unbalanced motor is directly below me. Luckily it didn't last long and was only twice.There is dried paint all over the place in the bathroom so maintenance is obviously is sloppy.As indicated there seem to be a lot of foreign travelers here which they seem to cater to.So if you don't have time constraints it's probably an okay hotel, otherwise you might be better off somewhere else.
Stayed here for one night while on vacation. The rooms were small, I thought check in was confusing. There is valet parking for a fee. Very loud during the night with people's coming and going in the halls. Because of the noise probably wouldn't stay here again. Hotel was clean and staff was nice.Dear kirkpatricklThank you for taking the time to write a review about your stay at the St. James Hotel. We are a historic building that has been converted into the beautiful St. James hotel. Therefore, our rooms are all different sizes. We are in the process of soundproofing all of our rooms to solve any noise issues. We hope you decide to stay with us again next time you're in NOLA and please mention to the front desk clerk that you would prefer a larger room. Sincerely,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
Absolutely fantastic. Can't speak highly enough. Fantastic location and never once felt unsafe. You are far enough out of the main party places if you don't want to be involved, but close enough to walk if you want to involved.
My husband and I stayed for 3 nights on the coldest week of the season. It was our first time in New Orleans and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay in this small and comfortable hotel. This hotel though not updated or as modern as others in the area felt cozy and just right. The staff was very professional and warm as well as helpful. Our favorites were Amy, Christina and Michell at the front desk. You will find that the towels are a bit worn and stiff but plenty are provided and are clean and fresh. When we ran out of fresh washcloths some were sent to our room within minutes. We went on a quiet week so we experienced no noise even though we were situated close to the elevator on the second floor. I can't forget to mention the breakfast tray brought to our room each morning, we enjoyed the hot coffee, warm croissants with melted butter as well as the orange juice and jelly. This was probably my favorite perk of this hotel. Who doesn't enjoy nibbling on a warm croissant in your pajamas while planning your day ahead Overall I would recommend this place to someone looking for a good deal on a decent hotel room in one of the best destination cities in the world. Will I be back You betcha!
Just checked in for our stay and we were greeted with a very friendly smile from Ariel . Staff is friendly and they great you with a hello. Check in was quick the room is beautiful . The location is perfect as well . The lobby has nice seating areas to relax .There is also a courtyard with tables and chairs and nice tall palm trees .Dear familyof51989,Thank you for taking the time to write a review upon your arrival at the St. James Hotel. We hope the rest of your stay was as enjoyable as your first impression! We hope to welcome you back soon!Warm Regards,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
Excellent hotel in a great location. Close enough to the French Quarter, Canal St and the Riverwalk but far enough away from the hustle and bustle! Staff were accommodating, gracious and always had smiles! They were able to find us a room at an early time in the day, it was great! The hotel is older but well maintained. The rooms were spacious, nice and cold A/C and clean! Not to mention, the fresh croissants delivered to your room every morning were amazing! Our bed was a bit squeaky when laying in it or tossing and turning but other than that the room was great!I would highly recommend this small, boutique style hotel to anyone coming to New Orleans, whether a night or a week.
The staff was amazing and friendly, I enjoyed having breakfast brought to my room despite the lack of choices. I was upset with the upkeep of the specific room I stayed in compared to the cost of the hotel. All in all I was satisfied with my trip.
I can't say enough about this hotel. We chose it because it was very affordable, but we were blown away by the hospitality of the concierge (James) and the front desk staff (Amy and Ashley). They took care of every request we made, helped us book attractions, and gave us great recommendations for restaurants. The hotel itself was very comfortable with a wonderful internal courtyard. We couldn't believe how close it was to everything we wanted to do in New Orleans, including Bourbon St, the Aquarium and the Riverboat dock. Highly recommend this hotel.
Here for three nights and very pleased we booked. The hotel is quaint, comfortable and extremely well located just on the edge of the French Quarter, so its very quiet but accessible to everything. We are in a King room, which is very spacious with a 3 seater couch, desk and shower over bath. Towels are lovely, though bedding is a bit tired. Rooms are clean and well appointed - yes, some of the furnishings are a little tired, but we feel that for the price, its excellent value. Service is also great, ladies at the desk and concierge are all wonderful. Would definitely recommend. Oh - and breakfast is a nice touch and hotel has fantastic wifi!
My family and I stayed for a night in New Orleans and decided to choose the St. James. We got a really great rate and didn't expect to get amazing service, but we were wrong. Amy checked us in and she was very informative and our children loved her! At check out, Danielle was so funny, sweet, and made sure we enjoyed everything about our stay. These two ladies embody that southern hospitality that we have always heard of. The hotel was very close to the aquarium and the French Quarter, which was great for a family of four! The next time we are in New Orleans, the St. James will be our number one choice! To Amy and Danielle, keep up the wonderful work!EmmC2,The St. James family was ecstatic to receive your review! We do our best to provide southern hospitality everyday and it is wonderful to hear we are getting it right! Amy, Danielle and the rest of our staff can't wait for your next visit to NOLA!Warm regards
Had a great stay!!! The only downside to this hotel is the parking, but to be in the city and by the French Quarter, there is not parking, so this is how it has to be. But they had the car ready very quickly so not that big a deal. Loved the charm of the building.Dear egisclair,Thank for the awesome review! We are ecstatic that you had a great stay and loved the charm of our historic building. We appreciate your understanding that parking in the Central Business District is limited which is why we provide valet parking. It is wonderful to read that they brought your car quickly when requested. We hope you visit with us again next time you are in New Orleans. Best, Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
This hotel is quiet, comfortable, and spacious. Rooms have a safe and a small television. The location is prime and the staff are wonderful. The building is charming and the breakfast is delicious. A fresh bakes croissant with butter and jam. All around great experience.
Ariel at the front desk was delightful and helpful. Great service all around. Valet parking was a bit pricey but par for the course in this town. Close to Bourbon Street, Riverwalk, Trolley stop and Casino. The room was clean with a large bathroom and a lovely rooftop patio. The pillows and mattress were lumpy and need updating, but if bed was made to be more comfy I would definitely stay here again. Thanks so much for taking the time to leave a review! Your feedback is greatly appreciated.It is great to hear you liked the service in general and Ariel was delightful and helpful to you. We have also recently placed an order for some new mattresses!Again, thanks for the feedback. We would love having you back if you decide to stay with us again!Kind regards,Duriel HarrisGuest Relations ManagerSt. James Hotel(504) 304-4000
I couldn't have asked for a better staff to make us feel at home! The staff always asked us how our visit around the city was going and if we needed anything. They gave great advice. The room had a refrigerator and a microwave. If I was going to be real picky then I would say the room could have used a good detail cleaning but It was still a lot cleaner then 90 percent of the rooms I have stayed in. The location was perfect! Walking distance to the French quarter and to Harrahs casino. I would highly recommend this hotel and we will be going back!!!Dear kmitchell773,Thank you for the 5 star review! It is our goal to be your home away from home so we are incredibly happy that our staff made you feel this way. We appreciate the feedback regarding the cleanliness of your room and your comments have been passed on to our housekeeping department. We can't wait to welcome you back next time you're in our beautiful city!Sincerely,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
Valet parking 15 per night . Extremely clean , great service , spacious room with high ceilings, only three blocks off of Canal Street. My only negative comment... The in room safe was not operable. Coffee, tea and continental breakfast was served at the time and location of my choosing. A sweet deal !!!My2bigtoes,We very much appreciate and value your feedback and will share it with our team. Your survey responses will serve as encouragement to all of our staff as we strive to continuously improve the quality of our services to provide an exceptional experience for our guests. It is always a pleasure to receive positive feedback. I sincerely apologize about the issues that you had with your safe and will make sure my maintenance staff is aware of the problem. Thank you again for sharing your experience, and we hope your next visit will be even more pleasant than the previous one.Thanks again!!
Staff was great. Very friendly. Hotel was clean, quiet, up to date. Very pretty. Close walking distance to everything French quarter, Jackson Square, Cafe du Monde, French Market, casino, riverboats, shopping, restaurants, streetcar.Dear Danielle K, Thank you for the great review! We are delighted that you enjoyed your stay and hope to see you again soon! Best, Jennifer Dragna General Manager (504)304-4000 jdragnanolahotelgroup.com
We stayed here for a wedding weekend a few weeks ago. The staff was really helpful and the rooms were very clean. As a few of the previous review mentioned Pedro is a delight! Highly recommend staying at the St. James the next time you're in Nola.
This was our first visit to New Orleans and I wanted to stay in a hotel that represented the architecture the area is known for. I chose St. James based on that as well as some of the reviews I had read. As our trip got closer, I became slightly concerned with some of the reviews I read about cleanliness and other issues. Well, after our stay, I have come to the conclusion that some people just like to complain over stupid stuff. We were greeted by a very friendly doorman and were so impressed with the decor upon entering the hotel. Registration is not a typical high counter, but two desks which put you face to face with very friendly agents. Arielle took care of us and was so friendly, giving us information on the area, highlighting points of interest based on what we wanted to see. We requested a high floor (there are only four) and were placed on the third floor away from the elevator. Our king room was spacious and very clean. We had a corner room (311) which gave us four windows and plenty of natural light. Two of the windows overlooked the courtyard and the other two an alley facing a building. On our bed was the card to fill out for breakfast the next morning. We turned the card into the front desk when we decided to go out and explore a bit before turning in for the night. The next morning our breakfast was delivered to our room at the time we requested with all items we requested, croissants (4), coffee (2) and orange juice (1) on a silver tray with sugar, cream, butter and jams. I have never experienced anything like this and found it to be so nice. This was repeated during our entire stay. Each time we left or came back to the hotel, we were greeted by very friendly people who always asked if we were enjoying our stay or if there was anything they could do to make our stay even more enjoyable. We explored the hotel a bit and loved the decor and architecture in every area. The courtyard was inviting and comfortable. We decided to find the pool and agree with the other reviews that it is not big enough to swim in, but we didn't go there for that and appreciated the atmosphere the area offered. My personal recommendation would be to turn it into an active fountain instead of a pool. Oh, the reviews that mention leaving the room, coming back in the afternoon to an unmade bed and room are simply not true. We left our room every morning by 10:30 and returned in the late afternoon (3:30) to drop stuff off and always found our room to be remade and just as clean as the first time we entered. This hotel is centrally located to everything and off the main areas making sleeping easier away from all the Bourbon Street noise and activity. Mind you, there is noise, but it is city noise which you would get in any city hotel such as fire trucks making runs or ambulance runs. Nothing I haven't experienced in New York or Boston. You have to expect you will hear some city noise when staying in a city! If I ever return, I will most definitely stay at the St. James Hotel.
The hotel was very nice for the price. The rooms are a bit small but still nice. I loved the courtyards! Very nice and inviting. The staff was awesome! The only downside was no one to help with luggage. Overall I would stay again.
This Hotel was very centrally located. Host were very Friendly and attentive to guest needs. I was disappointed with the cost and efficiency of valet parking. Took almost 30 minutes to get our car after it was called for.
I'm going to try to be as positive, kind and impartial as I can in this review because this hotel really could be phenomenal. I'll preface it with a pro/con section if you just want to avoid the whole written story.Hotel Location: Pro - Awesome location for the price Con - NoneCleanliness: Pros- Clean! Bathrooms and linens are clean.Cons - Housekeeping needs to show up for that to happen, which is no guaranteeRooms: Pros - Comfortable beds, clean linens, clean bathroom, modern bathroom, microwave, mini-fridge, spaciousCons - Some rooms much more spacious than others and you can get TERRIBLE viewsStaff: Pros - Helpful, if you get the right ones.Cons - Two were helpful. The others were as unhelpful as possible, even refusing to answer phones despite no other customers around. And one seemed kinda homophobic. It can feel like pulling teeth to get the most basic request fulfilled - a first experience of that kind.Breakfast: Pros - Really, really delicious. Fantastic coffee and delivered right to your room. Worth paying for, but comes free!Cons - It's like pulling teeth to get that breakfast slip and you may get a subpar, put together last minute breakfast. Parking: Pro - Cheaper than other valet services at hotels in NOLA. Takes the stress out of finding parking. Con - No self-park option available. They crashed my car causing a lot of damage. Hotel Value : Pro - Fantastic. Clean beds, reasonable sized rooms, really good location, complementary small breakfast.Con: If you're unlucky you may not get all of these things they promise/advertise, which lowers the value some. Experience:We booked this hotel same day as we were road tripping around the US and decided to stop in NOLA for the weekend. Expedia had a good rate on it, and it had fantastic reviews.Upon checking in the woman at the front desk was busy, a little tired, but friendly. However, her tone noticeably changed when she tried to double check that we wanted a single king bed. As a same sex young married couple, but we're discreet and get that question often. People are just double checking that we prefer that, but we've never had a really negative reaction in any country, city or state we've ever travelled to (even Turkey). This woman became pretty frosty and really...short with us immediately after. I couldn't figure out what I said to cause it, as, like I said, even if people don't like it, they're usually professional and just give us a room. I can't guarantee that THAT was what made this woman take a disliking to us, but we said or did something to get on her bad side quickly and boy did it stick! We got a single queen room on the second floor near to the emergency exit. The room was very spacious, for the price and very clean. Other people have said the beds felt really saggy and worn, but ours was really, really comfortable. The microwave was a really useful addition to the room and a coffee maker is always appreciated. The only weird part was that there was a welcome card sitting on the desk addressed to Mr. And Mrs. Thomas, or something, welcoming them to the hotel and the coffee maker had been used. I guess it was their room originally. Of additional note was our view - of which there was none. More specifically - it was of a brick wall a couple of feet away. We thought nothing of it when first arriving, but later found it to be strange as it has to be the worst view in the hotel. We noticed, same day when housekeeping was still cleaning rooms, or just generally had the doors open (I have no clue why) that not only were a majority of the rooms empty, but they had much better views and were almost double the size of ours. I have no idea why that room was picked for us, but it was.In regards to breakfast, they have a really fantastic set-up when it is fully put into place. You get complimentary fresh croissants and coffee or orange juice delivered to your room at the time of your choosing in the morning (between 6-10, or something similar). When we got up to our room the first time we called asking about the breakfast slip the front desk lady said would be waiting. She answered saying that it was in the drawer. We checked all of them and said it wasn't there. She said again that it was and hung up. Riiiight. We went downstairs when leaving to go to the French Quarter and asked the male desk guy about the breakfast slip and he said it was in the drawer. We said it wasn't, and he said housekeeping would give us one and that they put a new one in every day. Mind you, the stipulation of the complimentary breakfast was that you had to put the slip out by 10pm. Upon returning at midnight there was still no slip. Now, it's not the end of the World if I don't get the croissant, I don't really care, but it's kind of annoying if they offer it. We went back down and asked a different desk lady if we could get a breakfast slip. She replied, oh, of course! and grabbed one from a pile sitting under the desk. I don't fully understand why nobody else would give us one when they were sitting right there. Maybe it really was a housekeeping job. I don't know. So, we got breakfast in the morning, checking that others in our hallway has them still hanging and that they hadn't been collected. About four did, including the room two doors down. In the morning, we got our croissants and coffee only for them to be kinda hard and average coffee pre-made in coffee cups. Honestly, I didn't expect anything different so it was really nice. However, when we put our tray outside I noticed that everyone else (the other 4) had carafe looking coffee pots and slightly different plate/tray set up. Weird. Whatever. We get back after sightseeing to find we don't have a breakfast slip. Again. And our used coffee (which was used before we got there) still hasn't been replaced. We call down and speak to the initial lady who checked us in. She got a little angry and said housekeeping leaves the breakfast slips, that it's in the drawer and said we would have to order coffee on our breakfast slip they don't do room service. I told her I was misunderstood, we just wanted housekeeping to replace our coffee for the coffee maker, but then she asked why we needed coffee in the room if we just ordered it on the slip for breakfast. I said I would really appreciate having the option to make it at other times. Either way she told me shed send housekeeping and didn't. Later, before dinner, I realised I didn't grab my bag with my stomach medication when checking in the previous night. We went downstairs and asked the woman, who was the one that checked us in and already hung up on us twice, if we could have valet grab our car. She said no, they would only be able to go into our car and grab it. I said okay, but that it might be tough to find. I offered to walk to the lot and she said this was not permitted. She then pulled out a list with a bunch of crossed out customer requests on top, and added us to the other two new requests on the bottom. I knew it was busy and gave it about 40 minutes. Still nothing. My wife called down and asked if they could also grab her shoes while they were there, and if we could get that coffee for our coffee maker. Spathe same desk lady said yes. We waited another hour, and another hour after that. We waited a total of three hours for valet to bring my stomach medication so I could have dinner. At this point it was 9:30pm. We went back downstairs and the same desk lady declared, with slightly feigned surprise, 'oh, you haven't received your items.' I said no, that we were probably still on her list because she hadn't called about them arriving. She looked at the list, of which there were others listed below us, and everything was crossed out but ours. She said shed take care of it. Suddenly, 10 minutes later, they pulled the vehicle up, something she said was impossible before. I got my pills, gave the keys back and (stupidly) didn't tip because I was grumpy waiting for my car for 3 hours. On the way back up to the room my wife spotted a random housekeeping cart near the elevator and nabbed a breakfast slip, as we still didn't get one. She just got tired of asking and calling 4 times a day.Our breakfast, the next morning, was completely different from the day before. Delicious, fresh croissants. A metal carafe of fantastic coffee. Fresh pressed orange juice. It was a night and day difference from the day before. It was so good I would have actually paid extra for it! We checked out Monday morning after a really great weekend spent in the French quarter, and sightseeing. We waited, again, an unusually long time for the valet (over an hour) before a young 17/18yr old kid delivered it to us. The car had been crashed into a pole and had a busted up fender and broken trunk.The rest is overly boring detail involving the police, having to stay an extra night in New Orleans, and being left with 3k worth of damage.We remained shockingly polite throughout it, though I have no idea why. I guess I couldn't blame the young kid, he didn't do it and it was terrible his boss sent him instead of coming himself. I couldn't be angry at the desk girl, someone I hadn't even seen before she didn't do it either. I asked if my valet fee could be refunded, as nobody had offered yet. She said said and was trying to be very help, only to double charge us, instead of refunding it (we would find out the next day). We ended up having to drive cross-country with a broken trunk and body damage to my vehicle in order to get back home quickly. The rest of our vacation plans had to be cancelled and the weekend stay racked up a tab of nearly 3500, between the hotel, double charged valet and vehicle repairs. I will give credit to the manager, whom was very cooperative and, as I pretty much cried to her in frustration, made sure our stay and valet were refunded, and vehicle repairs covered. I've got a really biased review, and there were a lot of things that were problematic with the hotel, even before the crash. I understand that sometimes you have bad luck and a bad experience, which I normally totally understand. And, despite all this, I MIGHT still consider staying here or recommending others if they got their act together (but not valet, obviously). The valet isn't the hotel (but it is their only parking option). They were really exceptional at times, but really difficult at others. The location is great, the price really competitive, but there was a serious undertone of homophobia (the first time in my life I've ever experienced that) from one particular desk lady, combined with general incompetence from either housekeeping or the desk people.Dear Iselin,Thank you so much for taking the time to write such a thorough review. I appreciate you detailing the good experiences as well as the bad. Here at the St. James, we have zero tolerance for homophobia. The city of New Orleans and the St. James prides itself on welcoming all walks of life with open arms so I am very disappointed that his was this experience that you had. I sincerely apologize for the lack of consistency with the service during your stay and can't thank you enough for reporting all of your issues. As you mentioned in your review, we did have a brief encounter regarding the damages to your car by our valet. I would like to apologize again for this inconvenience. Since your stay, I have had a meeting with our valet company about how these issues should be handled in the future should they arise. Once again, I appreciate your feedback and I hope if you are ever find yourself back in New Orleans you will give us another chance to provide you with the supreme customer service I know that we are capable of. Please contact me directly. Warm Regards
We decided at the last minute to spend the night in New Orleans after our cruise. We found a good deal online for St. James Hotel. We were a little worried because we had never stayed downtown New Orleans and did not know what to expect. We arrived around 11 and were told our room was ready. Cheryl at the front desk was so friendly. She welcomed us and made us feel comfortable from the second we arrived. We went to our room and were pleasantly surprised. The room was beautiful, clean and very comfortable. We wanted to go watch the parades and Cheryl was so informative and helpful on where to go and what to do. She is a great person to have at your front desk. The only complaint I have is that the rooms are not very sound proof, we could hear our neighbors talking all night.We will plan to stay at the St. James Hotel again next time in New Orleans!
The wife and I had a wonderful time at the St. James. Only minutes from the French Quarter, it provided us the opportunity to simply park the car and walk to all points of interest we wanted to visit in New Orleans.Every morning, you had the opportunity to had warm moist croissant, with preserves and butter. The butter was pre-warmed so one can spread it without completely destroying the croissant.Initially, the room they assigned us to was a bit warm. We assumed that the room would cool down as we were out in the French Quarter. Upon our return, this was in fact not the case. We contacted the front desk and they were apologetic and got us a new room within minutes.Great job to the staff at the St. James. They made our stay in the Big Easy great.Dear ClarksvilleCouple,We are delighted that we were able to make your stay in the Big Easy great! Specifically, you seem to have enjoyed our location and breakfast the most which are definitely two of our favorites. Regarding your comments about the temperature of your original room, we are happy that our front desk staff responded quickly to your call and were able to move you to a more comfortable room it is out passion to provide you with a restful night sleep. I hope you visit with us in the near future, we appreciate your business.Warm Regards,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
Greeted in this magnificent lobby by a wonderfully kind and knowledgeable Rebecca, we sipped lemon water while she checked us in, told us about the THREE courtyards filled with plants and seating. Rebecca asked us well placed questions to figure out our needs and changed our reservations on the spot to better suit us. She took time with us to make us comfortable and answer questions about New Orleans and how to get around. We were amazed at The Caribbean and Creole touches from the heights of New Orleanean elegance. The service was excellent, we were greeted coming and going as if we were family. The charm and ambiance of New Orleans' exquisite hospitality is all alive and well here. I will definitely make this my only stay in New Orleans. By the way- do eat one dinner at their restaurant The Chophouse. Oh, by the way, the French doors opening from the room to a courtyard and looking at palms and a fountain clinched it. Barb from Maine.
We have stayed here twice and thoroughly enjoyed it both times. The hotel is small and quaint with tons of character and charm. They bring coffee, juice and croissants to your room every morning and they are always so fresh and tasty. Location is great, we found it to be very central to everywhere we wanted to go. Only downside is that the pool is a tiny pond-like structure that you can't really swim in and the pool area is usually shaded by the building shadows. (We used bookit.com both times and were pleased with the value but are disappointed to see it is no longer affiliated with that site).We will definitely be staying here every time we visit NOLA!
The concierge didn't explain parking very well consequently, we had to haul our bags 7-10 blocks. The breakfast (during Mardi Gras, at least) was pretty much nonexistent. Croissants, coffee, juice, and butter or jam. Those and price are my only real complaints. Ok otherwise.
Stayed in this hotel for one night while visiting new orleans to scope out a wedding venue. The pros: This hotel is in an awesome location!! We walked to everywhere and didn't have to drive anywhere. The hotel staff was friendly. Free breakfast of orange juice and a croissant delivered to your room. The room was clean, nice, and had everything we needed. The cons: the door had a big space between the frame and the door that you could see between. Found a roach in the bathroom the morning we were leaving. The biggest problem would be the shower! The way you switch it from where the water comes out the faucet for a bath to coming out the shower head for a shower is by pulling up on a lever, well the lever would NOT stay up. When my fiance tried to shower before we left, he had to hold the lever up while rinsing his hair out and washing his face which is highly annoying. Other than that everything else was fine. Dear Courtney W,Thank you for taking the time to write a review. We are pleased that you liked our location, friendly staff, breakfast and clean room. However, let me apologize for missing the mark in regards to the shower. The lever that controls the water flow is a part of our preventative maintenance program and should have been changed prior to your stay. We appreciate your feedback so that we may make improvements on our end. We hope that you were able to find a beautiful wedding venue! Sincerely,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
Sure - its a boutique hotel with a great location and offers complimentary breakfast. But Ive never encountered issues like this before in all my extensive travels. My check-in and check-out each took over 10 minutes, blaming slow computer issues while I watched guests being served faster at the adjacent desk. At check out, the front desk couldnt even print my folio so I could review and approve the charges. The hotel is made of two buildings if youre in the second building its just across a small patio. However this patio is used as the hotels staging area for extra linens and especially the dumpsters. So every time we needed to reach our room, we had to walk through horrific trash odors. On this trip, I booked two rooms. Upon arrival, The first rooms toilet wouldnt flush which means 1) it didnt flush for the cleaning crew and 2) the cleaning crew did noting to report and repair. When we came back to the room after the repair, toilet water was everywhere all over the floor and the maintenance guy used one of our towels to drag around the floor and left it in the bathroom. GROSS. In the second room, on our first night I pulled down the bedsheets and was appalled to find a lot of food crumbs and hair from the prior occupants. It was quite evident. GROSS. When I called the front desk, the staff informed me that no one else was available to change our bedding. She had a formal response but I could tell shes just going through the motions. So I asked for new sheets to change it myself. I do commend the hotel manager for calling me back the next morning, sounding genuinely concerned, and offering other incentives to rectify the cleanliness issue. But at this point, the hotel staff doesnt reflect the same professionalism or attitude, and I know we wont be returning here.Thank you for your feedback. On behalf of our hotel, please accept my apologies for failing to exceed your expectations regarding the check-in and out process, poor service, and lack of cleanliness. These are things we must work on to ensure we continue to provide an exceptional stay experience for each guest. We appreciate the honest feedback and hope you will give us another chance to exceed your expectations on a future visit.
A beautiful lobby greets you as you enter the St James. Coffee and cool water are available for self service. The staff are very friendly and helpful. I don't think I would use the valet service again, they were very slow. There is an overnight lot across Magazine St. I would use that in the future. The hotel staff said this lot gets full so they recommended the valet service. They did refund the cost for this service after we complained about how slow they were. Overall it was a pleasant experience. The location is ideal, just a couple blocks from Canal St and the French Quarter. Check out the Ruby Slipper for breakfast but go early or there will be a long line.
Three of us stayed 2 nights here (2 rooms) for a BD celebration. The location was good the service was friendly, helpful fast. Cost of rooms booked directly by hotel was very reasonable. Valet parking was 39/night which was higher than expected but the service was good fast. Both mattresses pillows were very comfortable rooms were quiet. Breakfast was delicious-warm croissants with butter jam, hot tea, coffee o.j. Rooms were clean adequate. One room had a shower which did not work-tub was fine. Other room had a tv remote which would not change channels. All in all we were pleased would recommend.
This is my sixth year in a row coming to New Orleans. We have a daughter in school here and I had previously come to several conferences for my work. In the past we had stayed at fancier places in town -- Wyndham, Roosevelt, etc., etc. -- but not only is this place substantially more economical, it has much nicer, more professional staff, is more comfortable, and just has a better ambience overall. The room was spotless and was cleaned perfectly each day shower hot and without one of those crazy angled nozzles that spill water all over the floor. Our room, a double, was perfectly sized with lovely light coming in from the windows that overlooked a lovely courtyard. The internet worked perfectly with no password required (why do most hotels make guests go through that nonsense)The breakfasts (wonderful croissants, cold, fresh OJ, great coffee) arrived on time, the valet parking was flawless, the rooms clean, the desk people unfailingly pleasant and helpful, and the overall experience was by far the best I've had in the city. To me, it was a taste of the real New Orleans -- friendly, personal, comfortable, and an extraordinary value.We will be staying here whenever we come to the city from now on.
This hotel is very well located - close to action but far away enough to be quiet and relaxing. The staff were very helpful, especially Amy who was working on the reception. The room was clean and comfortable and what a nice surprise to have complimentary warm croissants delivered to your room for breakfast. I would recommend and when I return to New Orleans will definitely be staying here again.
We didn't have any heat the first day, in the 30s most of the time we were there. They came to fix it promptly after we called, then it was fine. Couldn't plug a charger adaptor into the bedside fixture on the lamp supposedly designed for it. Doors were collecting dirt, I honestly wouldn't mention it, but it's in your face when you're in the bathroom, seated, haha. Not pleasant. the day to day cleaning was just fine, no problems there. The vanity had extremely little room for toiletries, it would be great to build in a vanity with adequate counter space. (this from a person who needs room for two small items.) They also could upgrade the pillows. That's all stuff on the management, the staff was great.The good stuff now. The staff was very nice. Good value for the money, walkable to the french quarter, very easy bus 11 to the garden district. It was great to have a fridge and microwave. Enjoyed having wood floors and not carpet. Comfortable there overall.Dear scoutandboo1961,Thank you for taking the time to write a review. We appreciate the feedback!Please accept our sincerest apologies for the issues you experienced. I have shared your feedback regarding the pillows, charger, doors, and vanity with our staff so that we can find ways to improve our service. It is good to hear we were able to quickly fix the heat in your room.We are happy to hear you liked our staff, location, mini-fridge, microwave, and wood floors! Both your comfort and convenience are important to us!Thanks again for your feedback. We hope to see you again so that we can make your next stay with us even better! Kind regards,Duriel HarrisGuest Service LiaisonSt. James Hotel(504) 304-4000
I live in hotels around forty weeks out of the year. I am also a Diamond Elite Choice Hotel member.I have been to over twenty different hotels through out New Orleans. This was a Different Style setting for me. I would surely come back with my wife. Amy and the staff really hit a Home Run here. Breakfast was also unique. Just enough to get you started for the day. Way to go guys!!!!
This small hotel very centrally located near French Quarter and everything else in New Orleans, is an extremely wonderful place to stay. The hotel staff is totally service oriented and they treat their guests as if they were royalty. One staff Member (her name was Amy) was delightful. The St James treats their guests to a continental breakfast that is fresh from the warm croissant to the fresh orange juice. Wonderful place to stay!
Stayed here for a romantic long weekend. This hotel was much nicer than we expected for the price. The rooms are updated and pretty spacious considering the age of the building. The street was nice and quiet at night. Not as noisy as the quarter, but all the fun of the quarter is only a short walk away. The St. Charles street car line is two blocks away providing access to the garden district and museums. We will definitely stay here next time we are in town.
Friendly, helpful staff Convenient. Location Have rainy day plans You need good walking shoes You do not need a car, tours will pick you up at hotel Stay on well lit streets at night, have designated sober friend for safetyDear LisaT324brooklyn, Thank you for the 5 star review! We are incredibly happy that you found our staff to be friendly and helpful. We hope to see you again next time north meets south! Best, Jennifer Dragna General Manager (504)304-4000
nice hotel, very quite, no noises from the street or pubs. I had an extremely small room, a sort of closet from broom and dusbin. but other big rooms are available. I suggest to check the room before accepting it. The continental breakfast choice is very poor, only croassant, tea or cofee are served.
You can't say enough about the staff! We were first greeted by James, who came out, helped park the car, proceeded to get the luggage out of the trunk with care and take it in to the hotel and up to the room. He was very helpful in getting our room set up for us(a/c, frig, ect.). Working the front desk to check us in was Tori. He checked us in quickly, helped with mapping out points of interest, places to eat and things to do. We also had the pleasure of another front desk personally, Miss Danielle. Just as energetic and helpful as Tori and James. They helped make serveral reservations, ect. for us. There is nothing this staff of friendly, energy packed, helpful, willing to go beyond the norm, caring people will not do to make your stay the best experience possible. Making you feel like family is an asset! Caring about your day, experience, helping you get the best out of your time in New Orleans is what drives them. We can not say enough of the staff, not to mention that the hotel sets in walking destance to WWII Museum, River Walk, and the French Market just to name a few. We give them a 2 THUMBS UP! And we will be back!!!
The hotel was lovely with great facilities. The only thing that could be improved was the breakfast - there was little variety. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The position of the hotel was very good.Dear mad979,Thank you for the kind review about your recent experience at the St. James Hotel. We are in the process of revamping our breakfast offerings and you feedback is much appreciated. We hope you stay with us next time you're in New Orleans!Best,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
After getting off to a slightly bumpy start, the entire team at St. James did everything in their power to make our stay exception, and it WAS. Rocky, Cantrell and Pedro were notably friendly and accommodating. We loved our room, we loved the location (close to everything, but secluded when compared to Bourbon St), the morning croissants were a great and welcome touch, and we even took the advantage of the pool (rarely used for some reason!). We will definitely be staying here again in our future NOLA visits.Dear Elena L,Thank you for the incredible review about the St. James Hotel! Our staff was ecstatic to read that they made your stay exceptional! We can't wait for you to visit us again to take advantage of our great location, morning croissants and pool on your future NOLA visits. You deserve it!Sincerely,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
We were greeted by Ariel when we arrived. She kept in touch with us the whole trip and gave us advice on where to eat and places to see. Room was amazing! The lobby was beautiful. We loved this hotel!Thanks so much for taking the time to leave a review regarding your stay at the St. James Hotel!We're glad to hear you liked the room, lobby and received helpful advice and recommendations from Ariel! We would definitely love for you to give us another visit next time you're in the city.Sincerely,Duriel HarrisGuest Relations ManagerSt. James Hotel(504) 304-4000
Very well appointed room with floor to ceiling drapes, very comfortable king bed, very clean bathroom. The staff was very pleasant and helpful. This hotel is two blocks from French Quarters and half the price of hotels within French Quarters. Valet parking was a bit expensive but it's like that in all of New Orleans. Hotel is going through some renovations and expansion that will add to the appeal of this wonderful establishment. Will use this hotel again.
We have been to NOLA many times over the past decade and stayed any number of places. This time I didn't think I wanted to stay at a boutique hotel. BUT for when we wanted to go, and what we wanted to visit, the St James could not be beat. So... we went back to the St. James. Our room was very, very nice and even had a balcony for morning coffee (too hot in early August for drinks later in the day ). The staff were all so gracious. The room was big, comfortable and clean. Breakfast is croissants and jam, along with drink of choice, which looked yummy and we have had in prior stays but this time we walked down to the French Quarter for beignets and cafe au lait (it is NOLA, after all). The St James is perfect for walking to the French Quarter or to the WWII Museum. And, if it rains around dinner time, there is a private covered entrance to a wonderful restaurant, The Chophouse. You just can't ask for more! We will stay there again!Good Morning Ms. Rose and Thank You for taking the time to give us your wonderful review on your recent stay with us! It is so lovely to hear about your stay as this makes us very happy. We will be sure to pass your kind words along to our Team. We look forward to your return soon! Thank You again and see you soon. Sincerely, Marie P
The hotel is a 2 blocks outside the quarter, which we enjoyed - out of the fray. It is close to many nice restaurants and venues that we enjoy and is close enough to the quarter if you desire. The restaurant inside the hotel, The Chophouse, is very good known for their steaks. One feature I especially enjoyed, it was quiet!The hotel has a contract with a local garage service to valet park the cars for 30 over 24 hours. Two hours after our arrival, our car was still parked in front of the hotel. Upon departure, we discovered that all of the money (20) in our change drawer (there were bills included) had been taken. I called the manager on duty to notify of the problem. I was told this is not the first time this has happen. I am sure there are other garage services that would be happy to take on this contract.
Attractive old hotel about 10 minute walk from the French quarter. Lovely internal courtyard. Staff very helpful booking river cruise etc. Room on the small side, quite comfortable BUT no windows. I suppose we could have asked to move but as we didn't spend much time in the room we didn't bother. Parking a bit pricey.
Previous stays have been elsewhere in the area but price increases encouraged us to look around for this trip. What a gem we found in the St James! Great location, easy walk to waterfront (Audubon, IMAX etc.) and to French Quarter, restaurants nearby (including Mother's) and a nice quiet spot. Rooms are well equipped, Wi-Fi good and reliable. The AM croissants and coffee delivered to your room make a great way to start your day. Comfortable, convenient, and fair-priced! We'll be back.
Had a short stay. I left this AM. The lobby is beautiful. Rooms are nice. Prices are reasonable. Location is great. It is located in the garden district walking distance to the french quarter and street cars. One of the highlights of my stay was the staff. The staff members that I interacted with were: Ariel(reception area)-very kind, helpful, hospitable, Daniella(housekeeping-I could have the wrong name but she is a very nice person from housekeeping dept who did a wonderful job in maintaining cleanliness in my room, interacted with her during the day and evening time), Machiel(reception during the day and checked me out of the hotel expeditiously) who was very kind, another staff member who is female and works night shift shift also very kind, security who did a great job keeping the location safe, the engineer who I ran into was hospitable and kind, and general manager Jennifer who was attentive to the needs of the hotel's guests. To the staff thank you for having me and doing such a great job. You all are gems. Job well done! Hope to see you all again! :) - ERWe are so glad to hear you enjoyed your short stay with us! Our staff is quite possibly our greatest asset and we are proud to have them. It is great that you've found everyone kind and helpful!You have our gratitude for taking the time to leave a review. Your feedback is incredibly helpful! We hope to see you again as well, hopefully for a longer stay! :) Kind regards,Duriel HarrisGuest Relations ManagerSt. James Hotel(504) 304-4000
FABULOUS!! Everything was Excellent! Perfect Vacation! Would highly recommend the St. James Hotel. We are an older couple who stayed Feb 11-17th 2018 (Mardi Gras Week) at this very quiet, very classic hotel. The Staff is kind, generous and top notch! We booked a King Suite bed comfortable, continental breakfast delivered to your room every morning walking distance to the French Quarter, the Esplanade district. Great to catch the trolleys (green line - St Charles) via Poydras and (red line - via Canal) to take you to any district. A day pass is 3 USA (can't beat that). Great Staff around the clock all week always making sure your taken care of properly. The Chophouse (Steak Seafood) is right next door if you want an elegant dinner. The French Quarter has everything from a diner type food to elegant cuisine. The food in New Orleans is phenomenal. If you like the nightlife there is plenty to choose from in the French Quarter. Arts/Antique/History walk down Royal Street. A must try/see is Cafe du Monde, Cafe Beignet. The tourist shoppes are in abundance - for best price on typical tourist t-shirts memorabilia, I recommend The French Market! For something extra special, Royal Street. If your thinking of attending the Mardi Gras in 2019, I suggest you prepare for the biggest, loudest, fun filled, crazy, Happy event ever! Its a huge colourful Circus. There is a gazillion people filling the streets so if crowds are not your thing don't go during Mardi Gras! Go the week after when it has calmed down and more relaxed. We booked the Creole Queen River Boat with meal and it was well worth it! It is located in the Esplanade area within walking distance of the St. James Hotel. The Garden District is stunning - the Magnolia trees were in bloom. Lots of nice shoppes, you will definitely want to have lunch and/or grab some sweets from Sucre. Transfer from the Airport to your hotel can be pricey so I highly recommend you take the Flat Rate 36 USA for 2 people). The taxis will try to tell you there is no flat rate but there is. The service is located when you come out of the terminal on your right hand side. Another must see is the Louis Armstrong Park North of the French Quarter on N. Rampart. Very Memorable New Orleans Mardi Gras Vacation. It should be on your bucket list in the future..... Check out the St. James Hotel for a perfect vacation.Thank you for taking the time to write such a comprehensive review! I have shared your comments with my staff, and they join me in thanking you for your kind words. We take pride in our hotel and the services we provide and we are so glad you enjoyed your stay.It is great to hear your Mardi Gras vacation was perfect! We are glad you liked your room, the complimentary breakfast, and found our staff to be top notch. We are walking distance of both the French Quarter and the parade routes. It seems you have definitely found your way around the city fairly well and experienced much of what we have to offer! I'm sure many people have already found your comments helpful for planning their own trips to New Orleans. Thanks once more for your incredible review! We are looking forward to providing you the same pleasant accommodations and service the next time you are in town.Sincerely,Duriel HarrisGuest Service LiaisonSt. James Hotel(504) 304-4000
Booked with a third party service-checking in was painful. Room was nice, bed was comfortable. Air conditioner is noisy but it's an old building. The breakfast delivery is nice and they showed up during time requested on 2 of 3 days. Within walking distance of French Quarter, CBD, WWII museum.Dear strucks, Thank you for writing a review about your recent stay. I appreciate that you liked our room, bed and location. In regards to your check in and breakfast delivery, I apologize that we missed the mark. It is our goal to provide superior customer service and your feedback has been used as opportunities to learn for our staff. Thank you for your feedback and we hope you decide to stay with us again next time you are in New Orleans.Sincerely, Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
My husband and I travel to New Orleans often, but the St. James is one hotel that we definitely adore. The location is perfect only three blocks from the French Quarter and a short streetcar ride to the Garden District. The staff is phenomenal! Danielle, Amy, and Tori are the definition of southern hospitality! They were so knowledgeable of the area and gave us great recommendations on where to eat, drink, and where to enjoy a taste of the local perspective. The room was fantastic! We were upgraded to a suite at check-in, and it was definitely one of the highlights of our stay. Needless to say, we will definitely be staying here from now on and we will be telling all of our friends and family about the St. James!Thank you for the glowing review! My staff will be delighted to know we gave you that touch of southern hospitality that we strive for everyday. We sincerely appreciate the recommendation to friends and family and can't wait to provide them with excellent customer service as well! We hope to see you again soon!Warm Regards,
Nice rooms, very helpful and welcoming staff. Great location, within walking distance of many great restaurants. Machiel took great care of us when we arrived. Very eager to answer any and all questions and point us in the right direction. Bell staff always brought a smile to our faces as they greeted us each morning with a kind word. Definitely recommend.
Stayed here on the recommendation of other Trip Advisor reviews, and believed the location just outside the French Quarter was perfect, and was sadly disappointed. Stayed over the St Patrick's Day weekend. Even though I said the reason I chose this hotel was based on reviews that I'd previously stayed in the French Quarter it was too noisy .... No, they gave us a 2nd floor room right over the street the dumpster. Noisy every morning between 3am 6am- except Sunday. But, the room was always clean, plenty of fresh towels bathroom amenities, as well as a fridge, microwave, big screen HD TV with premium channels ( not that we were in the room long enough to watch them, but...). Room was smallish (not as small as NYC basic), but room enough. The courtyard is nothing more than a small alleyway with flowers, shrubs some places to sit. One draw was the coffee croissants delivered to your room - which was nice the first morning, then I had to go downstairs to the coffee station in the lobby to get more cream, then had to be sure to request it the next morning, and the last morning had to ask at the desk for any cream was told very matter-of-factly, I guess we're out .... Didn't seem to be much of a concern ..... Will look elsewhere next time....
This a cool old world style in a huge urban jungle the old world feel with breakfast room service of croissants and jelly to tge cool redbrick arches in the halls great location with in walking distance to the riverfront.frenchman street and Bourbon street great staff and a good value
Just wanted to let you know that I love the hotel we stayed at. Love the old architecture and dcor The location was perfect, right in the middle of downtown, within walking distance to everything. The service was exceptional. Staff very friendly, helpful and in formable of the area and place to visit, eat etc. I Love Amy, Danielle, David etc. Everybody Made us feel at home and part of the family. You guys rock and I miss you. Made some friends for life. I hope I can visit again soon.We miss you too!! I am delighted you had such a pleasurable experience! I'll will be sure to pass on your sentiments to my entire staff. It is always wonderful to receive positive feedback!
The St James is a very good hotel , well priced and extremely well located for the French Quarter of New Orleans.Rooms are excellent.One item that could be a disadvantage for families with young children is the Continential Breakfast is served in your room .Very helpful and informative staff assisted me with tours and where to visit .Like most hotels near the French Quarter parking is a problem and in addition to there Valet parking there is a public car park right opposite the hotel.The Hotel was a pleasure to stay in.Dear cebkilifi,Thank you for the wonderful feedback regarding our cost, location, rooms, and staff. We appreciate your understanding of our valet parking service due to our fantastic location. I have passed along your comments about our breakfast service to our VP of Operations so that we may better service young families. It was a pleasure to service you! We hope to see you again soon!Warm Regards,Jennifer Dragna(504)304-4000
I needed a room last minute with 2 beds and there weren't many options. I ended up picking the St. James and was very pleasantly surprised. FIrst Ariel and Amy at the front desk were wonderful, both with checking in, helping with the car, finding places, etc... and I did test them. We got a room on the top floor with vaulted ceilings, redone bathroom all quite clean. Unfortunately I only got to use the free continental breakfast once on the last day and then only a bite, but it was there in front of my door as I requested, on time. The location was ideal EXCEPT if you had a car and it was during Mardi Gras. Streets do get closed off and that made it difficult, but only because we were going out of the city for a tournament with specific times. tHere was a lovely little courtyard. And the restaurant next door, The Chop House, that supplied room service was an excellent New York steakhouse.
Me and my new husband started our honeymoon in New Orleans and at this hotel and we couldn't have had a better start. We loves everything about it. The room was beautiful, the personal was very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was great. The location was perfect. There is nothing negative to say really.
This is a nice medium sized hotel, within walking distance to the French Quarters, and even nearer to Canal road, where you can catch the Streetcar to the Garden District.The staff at the hotel are friendly and helpful. There is a steak restaurant next door to the hotel, but I didn't get a chance to try the food there. For breakfast, just walk to Ruby Slipper, which is just around the corner from St James and you can get a delicious breakfast there. They open at 7am.The room I got was a bit small, but that was ok, as I did not spend much time in the room. Try to get a room with a window, or you may get claustrophobic. The bed was comfortable and the TV had good channels.Overall, I have very little to complain about this hotel, as it met my expectations for the price I paid.The only complain I have is that the walls are rather thin and in the middle of the night, I could hear my neighbors having a good time.Thanks for choosing to stay with us at the St James Hotel in New Orleans. We know when you are traveling you have many options to choose from when it comes to a place to stay. We are absolutely honored that you gave us a chance and took your time to write a review on Tripadvisor!!! We cannot thank you enough and just want you to know that we truly value your opinion and you as Our Guest.We truly hope that on your next visit to the Big Easy you will choose to stay with us again!Warm Regards,Sarah HixsonDirector of Sales
My husband and I took our first trip to New Orleans to celebrate our 23rd Wedding Anniversary and we stayed at this hotel. I will not stay anywhere else when I go back to New Orleans. The staff is on the money. Ingrid, Jon, Ariel, and all the others were awesome. The location is perfect, and the rooms are not your normal cookie-cutter hotel rooms. The hotel has such great charm and the beds are so comfortable. Will stay there again in a heartbeat.Dear Virgirl808,Thank you for your wonderful comments about your stay here at the St. James Hotel. I am delighted to hear that Ingrid, Jon and Ariel helped to make your 23rd Anniversary weekend a tremendous one. I am happy to hear that you will be staying with us in the future. You will love our completed renovations!!Sincerely,Burton HimbertAssistant General ManagerSt. James Hotel
Cute, conveniently located and yummy croissants. Overall great experience but I wish the cleaning service was better. All of the staff is very nice and seem happy to help. I'd definitely recommend it. The stay was comfortable and smooth.Dear davneetkaur721,Thank you for the kind review. I have passed along your comments regarding housekeeping so we may review with the staff. We appreciate the feedback as we are always striving to improve our guest experience. Thank you for the recommendation and we hope to welcome you back!Sincerely,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
I visited this hotel as a weekend stay-cation and I was wonderfully pleased with my choice. This hotel is boutique-like, and I felt welcome and comfortable from the moment I walked in. The lobby is beautiful, and the door staff and front desk person were warm and friendly. The little courtyards are a beautiful spot to sit with a glass of wine or coffee and enjoy the vibe of New Orleans.Check-in was smooth, and about :15 after I arrived in my room I received a text from the from desk making sure everyone was satisfactory. It was. The room was clean, large and comfortable. The bed was a good mix between firm and soft. Every morning they deliver coffee, juice, tea and freshly baked croissants to your room. It was a great way to start each morning before going out exploring.The location is very centralized but nice and quiet. I parked my car and didn't touch it again until it was time to leave. The hotel is about a few minute walk to the French Quarter and CBD, which both have a great selection of restaurants, activities and I highly recommend finding a spot to just sit back and people watch.Parking like most places in this area is high, I paid 30 a night parking myself, which was about 9-10 cheaper than valet. There is a self-service parking lot IMMEDIATELY across the street so it didn't put me out at all to park my own car.All in all, my stay was incredible and I highly recommend. Thank you St. James hotel for a wonderful stay.You're more than welcome, and thank you for taking the time to leave a review!You made a great choice choosing us for your stay-cation. Because we're a smaller boutique hotel, everything here is a little more warm, friendly, and charming. We are glad you had a great experience with our staff and enjoyed the room, complimentary breakfast, and central location. We very much hope to see you again the next time you have a stay-cation in New Orleans!Sincerely,Duriel HarrisGuest Service LiaisonSt. James Hotel(504) 304-4000
Stayed here for a last minute birthday trip. Service was awesome from the moment we checked in! The front desk staff was always helpful, from recommendations on hotspots to the Manager Burton, hailing me down a cab so that I wouldn't miss my ride home. the property was beautiful and I would definitely make this my hotel of choice when visiting New Orleans.
We had booked a multi-centre holiday and needed to book at least one night in a hotel for the best airfare - so we decided that we would book this hotel as part of our overall package. It had been a long journey, London to New York then change planes for the trip to New Orleans. When we arrived we were both hot and tired and as there was no bar in the hotel we felt a bit let down. We were told there was a complimentary continental breakfast delivered to our room. We had no great expectation for that either.HOW WRONG CAN ONE BEAs it turned out, the breakfast was excellent. We have holidayed in France many times and the croissants were as good as any we have had in France. The orange juice was also excellent. They have an outside patio area and we were told we could order breakfast to be delivered there - which we did every subsequent day. A great start to the morning.The hotel is really well located for the French Quarter - an easy walk in the evening.The staff on reception were really helpful and friendly and offered a lot of help in terms of getting around and parking our car - when we had collected our hire car after a few days.I am sure there may be flashier and more expensive hotels in New Orleans, but if I were to return I would have no hesitation in returning to the St James Hotel.
The staff was absolutely amazing and helpful. There was no hassle to check in, the valet parking was fast and accessible and the hotel was perfect. The rooms were so cute. We got one with a balcony and we loved it. The breakfast in bed was also pleasing.
I just can't say enough nice things about this place and the people who work there. We arrived early and were prepared to leave our luggage in storage for the day. However, Michelle informed us there was a room ready to go and...how would we like to go ahead and check in Oh my gosh!! How great was that She sat down with us and completely reviewed the map of the area and pointed out so many tips and suggestions. Pedro, our doorman was also superb and was always there with a smile and ready to answer our slew of touristy questions. Each day we started our day with fresh croissants and coffee delivered to our room. Hotels don't even have to do this nowadays and I certainly think it was a great touch. The hotel was beautiful with a lot of charm, and conveniently located so we could walk to the French Quarter or get to a trolley to go anywhere we would like. We will definitely return and stay here again. Thank you for having us St James.Dear gshaw,Thank you for the amazing 5 star review! The staff was ecstatic to read your praises as we hope to exceed all guests expectations! Michelle and Pedro are true gems of the St. James Hotel and I am proud to have them represent us all. We also appreciate you noting how much you loved our breakfast service and charm. We can't wait to welcome you back with open arms!Warmly,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
The hotel was under major construction - there is no front desk/lobby area. This was not apparent when booking the room. The front door was closed and there were work crews in the makeshift lobby area during our entire stay. The free breakfast is a single piece of bread and a small glass of orange juice. There is no free breakfast. The hotel is extremely overpriced. The hotel is within decent walking distance of the New Orleans sights. The customer service is non-existent. I booked this hotel through hotels.com after calling to confirm that I could use a third party site and still get a Cruise and Stay discount on cruise terminal parking. The hotel CONFIRMED that I could do this. They also CONFIRMED this when I arrived at check-in. At check out they DENIED that I could have discounted cruise parking and the front desk employee refused to contact a manager or customer service for me. Customer service did not answer my call after 30 minutes.Dear E G,I am terribly sorry to read about the service that you experienced in May of 2016. We are no longer under any construction and I can assure you that this is not typical service for our hotel- especially now. I apologize that you were misinformed about our cruise parking rate as that does need to be booked directly in order to ensure the discount. I am not sure who you are referencing in regards to customer service but there is no excuse for the experience that you had. We do offer a complimentary croissant along with your choice of coffee, a variety of teas or orange juice delivered right to your room. It is our intention for this to be a nice treat before you head out to explore our beautiful city for the day. If you find yourself in New Orleans again, I do hope you stop by to see the difference a year can make. Best,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
Check in was fairly smooth. All employees were very courteous Bed very comfortable. This was a convenient location for us. A short walk to trolley, French quarter and good restaurants. Right across the street was Bon Ton Cafe recommended to us by an employee. The food was great. I would definitely stay there againDear patpeder,Thank you for taking the time to write a review about your recent stay at the St. James Hotel. We are ecstatic that you felt very comfortable at our hotel because your comfort is of the utmost importance to our staff. We can't wait to welcome you back!Warm Regards,Jennifer DragnaGeneral Manager(504)304-4000
My girls and I booked this Hotel for Essence Festival weekend and as soon as we pulled up and walked in we were greeted with the most warm welcome by Amy (who is freakin awesome btw). This hotel has the perfect price, is in the most perfect location and has the the friendliest staff. Beautiful hotel and our room was wonderful. Whenever I visit the Big Easy I will be sure to book here and only here.I am so happy that you enjoyed your stay at the St. James! Essence Festival is one of our favorite weekends and we strive to be your home away from home while you're traveling. Amy is one of our greatest commodities and was very pleased to read your review. We can't wait until next year! Warm Regards
We had a wonderful stay at the St. James between 5/19-5/22, while visiting Nola to prepare for our upcoming move there. Our room was lovely, clean, small but comfortable. The bed was luxurious, lots of pillows and I think a mattres topper, in addition to being huge! The staff was great, from checkin, where Amy was as nice as can be, chatting and giving us tips, throughout our stay. Housekeeping changed our towels and replaced the complementary toiletries daily. This isn't a big chain hotel, its a historic building and it does have it charms/quirks, but to us that's what Nola is about. We will certainly be using the St James again whenever family comes to visit.Thanks for choosing to stay with us at the St James Hotel in New Orleans. We know when you are traveling you have many options to choose from when it comes to a place to stay. We are absolutely honored that you gave us a chance and took your time to write a review on Tripadvisor!!! We cannot thank you enough and just want you to know that we truly value your opinion and you as Our Guest.I have also let Amy know the kind words you wrote about her! :)We truly hope that on your next visit to the Big Easy you will choose to stay with us again!Warm Regards,Sarah HixsonDirector of Sales
We loved the St. James Hotel. Our room was charmingly elegant. We took advantage of the hotels proximity to the French Qtr. and Magazine street shopping. The staff is outstanding and friendly. Well be back!Thank you so much for taking the time to write a review! We sincerely appreciate the feedback.We are glad you loved your stay here and found your room to be elegant! We try our best to ensure each room is uniquely charming. Please do take advantage of our proximity to the French Quarter it is such a short walk!Thanks again for your feedback, and we look forward to your return!Sincerely,Duriel HarrisGuest Service LiaisonSt. James Hotel(504) 304-4000
The staff, room, and breakfast delivered to my bed every morning made my stay just magical. To top it off, its situated perfectly in the New Orleans CBD, just a minute walk to the quarter, but a world away in terms of quiet and calm late night. Also, be sure to check out Mother's around the corner. I would recommend this to anyone that asks. Lovely place to stay.
my sister and I surprised my husband to a train ride to New Orleans for his bday, we picked this hotel because of the beautiful pictures and great location (close to everything). Upon making my reservations, Danielle was extremely helpful, nice and friendly. once we arrived, Danielle was just as she was over the phone (a plus to me being a GM at a hotel)The hotel was just as beautiful as the photos, and I must say, if you are not satisfied with anything, the staff goes above and beyond to correct it. Big ups to Danielle, the maintenance guy and 3-11 lady on duty July 20, 2013Kimberly D,What a great surprise for your husband! The staff was excited to learn that their customer service set us apart. We are all especially glad that the St. James Hotel lived up to your expectations as a GM yourself!We hope to see you again in the future!!
We were in New Orleans for 5 days, staying at the St. James, just 2 blocks from the edge of the French Quartera great location, within walking distance but in a quieter neighbourhood. The hotel is older, but its public spaces are beautifully appointed in soothing neutrals and comfortable faux-classic furniture the shady courtyard is perfect for hanging out with friends, wine, and snacks. In our part of the two building complex, our room was small, but clean, andreflective of the age of the buildingboasted doors which had to be muscled shut and floors which creaked and dipped however, thats a heritage building for you and we could see that renovations had been made over the years. The staff, without exception, had to be the most friendly and pleasant group we have ever had the pleasure of meeting. From Miss Michelle at the front desk, to Miss Audrey who delivered our courtesy croissants and coffee every morning, to Pedro at the door, one and all greeted us with smiles and quips, waves and queries about our stay, and in general took excellent care of us from the moment we arrived to the moment we left. It was our first trip to New Orleans and we feel we lucked out in finding the hidden gem that is the St. James on Magazine St.We can't thank you enough for your review! I'm sure your review will be extremely helpful for our future guests. We are glad to hear you enjoyed your stay here - namely the location, public spaces, room, and staff! We take pride in our hotel and the services and amenities we offer here. We can't wait to see you again on your next visit to New Orleans!Kind regards,Duriel HarrisGuest Relations ManagerSt. James Hotel(504) 304-4000
Hampton Inn French Quarter is a great hotel. Close to French Quarter, but far not too close. Nice large rooms with high ceilings. Staff was friendly and accommodating. Highly recommend for stays in NOLA.Thank you for your recent stay with us and taking time to give us a review! Happy to see you enjoyed your long weekend with us and hope you had a great time in New Orleans!
This hotel is located near the French Quarter, the World War 2 museum and bus lines. It is within walking distance to the French Quarter but far enough away for quieter sleeping. The front desk staff were friendly and helpful. The breakfast choices were plentiful and served in a large eating area. You will need to use valet service to park your car, so that is an added cost.Thank you for your recent stay with us and your review on the hotel. We are pleased to see you enjoyed your stay and hope you enjoyed your time in New Orleans! If you travel back we would love to have you again!Thanks,Jeff BeckerAGM
We love this place, and we will stay again, everyone was so friendly and helpful and was walking distance to the Superdome. The bed was very comfortable and we love the breakfast every item was perfect and plentiful. Just didn't care for the homeless woman sitting near the door it didn't bother my husband. She just said hello to us.Thank you for giving us feedback on your stay. I love to hear guest like yourself tell us about a great experience. I look forward to seeing you again next time you are in town!
I haven't stayed in this hotel for a few years. I was pleasantly surprised hot well the hotel has been upgraded. It was nice before but now is even more classic. This is not your cookie cutter chain hotel. It occupies a building constructed in 1903, which was, at the time, the tallest (14 stories) building in New Orleans. It's located 1-1/2 blocks off canal Street and the French Quarter. The building is fully renovated/updated with all the amenities a business or pleasure traveler could ask for. My corner room had 5 windows reaching all the way to the ceiling. There is free WiFi and the free breakfast includes hot and cold items including fresh fruit. The St. Charles street car runs in front of the building. The building feels very safe as you use your room key-card to open the main doors after hours and in the elevator to access for all but the first floor. Staff is helpful and polite, and as with all Hampton Inns, there is a 100 satisfaction guarantee.
i love staying in hiltons, they are always great. Only complaint the computer had some log on issues and the front desk computer was very very slow, 20 minutes to check out, otherwise the hotel is in a great great location in french quarter, food, service everything was great (just couldnt pull up my emails in business center) otherwise it was great great.Thanks for staying with us while you were visiting New Orleans. I'm glad that for the most part, you enjoyed your stay. Although our front desk computers are due for a hardware upgrade, I find it hard to believe that the computers were the cause for it taking 20 minutes to check out. Perhaps it was operator error The staff at the desk is fairly new, but they shouldn't really have many problems checking somebody out. I will get with the staff to see if they remember any specific issues with guests checking out over the past few days. Thanks for your feedback, and we hope to see you again real soon.
Three of us stayed in the hotel during the recent AARP convention. It is difficult to find a room to hold 3 who want individual beds. We had 2 queens and a roll away and the room was not crowded. This has huge rooms and we never felt tight. Anytime we called to ask questions of the front desk, out concern was taken care of within minutes and questions answered immediately. The trolley in front was out of service, but the trolley on Canal street and buses are minutes away. You can get every where on these modes of transportation or on foot. Everyone in this city is so friendly and willing to aid tourists. If I ever visited New Orleans again, I would not stay anywhere else.This hotel does not have a pool or spa. It also does not have a restaurant, however there are 100s aroundThank you so much for staying with us during your AARP convention I am so pleased you guys enjoyed your stay! I'm happy you were able to still take advantage of the street car on Canal even though the St. Charles one was not online. Hopefully you will come back and visit once the renovations are complete!Take Care,Tricia ViseGeneral Manager
This hotel is in a good location. Even though it is considered to be in the Downtown area, it is within easy walking distance to Canal and Bourbon Streets. The rooms are very spacious. The breakfast was not as good as most of the Hampton Inns where we have stayed. Probably my only complaint is, we did not feel particularly safe after dark. The number of homeless and/or intoxicated people who line the streets in this area and leading up to the hotel made us feel quite uncomfortable. They are quite aggressive and demanding.We drove our vehicle and took advantage of valet parking. You do not need a vehicle in New Orleans. The trolley stops near the hotel. However, it was always packed. I suggest either walking or taking a cab to wherever you need to go. If traveling with kids who like to take advantage of a pool, there was not a pool.Thank you for your recent stay with us and taking time to give us a review! Happy to see you enjoyed your stay overall and apologize that you were not happy with the breakfast. I would love to get more feedback on the breakfast and see what we could have done better. I also apologize that the area made you uncomfortable at night. Our area is very safe and we usually do not have a homeless issue so I do apologize if there were some uncomfortable encounters with them. I do hope that you enjoyed New Orleans and again would love more feedback about the breakfast.Thanks!
Great location and very friendly staff. We arrived early and was allowed to immediately check in. It is located in a very safe quiet street but you can get to the French Quarter in 3-5 minutes. (just 3 blocks) had a revcently renovated room. also breakfast was included. great deal.
Okay, here's the scoop: Yes, the rooms are small, yes, the rooms (many of them) not only have no view, but actually overlook a brick wall(this is NOT charming, as it would be in say, New York, or perhaps London - it is dark and annoying). However, to balance that out, the staff is very interested in doing what they can for you, and even more interesting (and appealing) is that they don't get defensive or bristle when doing so.As another reviewer said, if you can score a corner room, you will have more space - as the standard rooms are diminutive by any definition. Again, on the bright side, while not actually IN the French Quarter, the hotel is one block west of Canal, and Carondelet St. (the street the hotel is on) turns into Bourbon St after crossing Canal ... so can't get much closer. There is a Walgreen's two blocks away, and The Riverwalk Mall is only about six blocks ...near Harrah's casino. Cloud: Valet parking costs nearly 27 a night. Silver lining: The valet is friendly, helpful and seems to be expedient. The only other thing that might affect our decision to return (and this is not the fault of the hotel) is that the sidewalks are closed on alternating sides so that you MUST cross the street in the middle of the block to walk down to the French Quarter. In other words, as you turn right out of the hotel, the sidewalk is closed on the right hand side, so you walk on the left hand side, then a block down, it is closed on the left, so you must again cross mid-block to walk on the right. We had a toddler in a stroller with us, and that made getting to and from a bit of a challenge (there are street car tracks down the middle of the street - making a stroller a bit cumbersome).
This hotel was a wonderful place to stay. The staff from management on down to housekeeping were wonderful, professional and always helpful. They were always willing to aid you and they did it with a smile on their face. This is a great location and the rooms were large and very comfortable. they had so many little touches that made our stay great. If you needed something in your room, they were there within minutes. We received a newspaper at our door every morning they give us a managers reception with food and drinks (all free) it was great. We received a free hot breakfast, not just muffins and coffee. They kitchen help attended to our needs and made us feel special. We had a group of 12 people and everyone was pleased and talking about what a good job they do at this hotel. Getting 12 people to agree really means something. This was oour third visit to New Orleans and the first time staying at Hampton Inn, it will not be the last.
Stayed at this hotel for Allstar weekend/ Mardi Gras.. Absolutely loved the location.. The rooms are huge.. The hotel is far enough to be away from the noise of festivities, but also walking distance to everything.. Bourbon street is literally a 5 min walk.. Breakfast was delicious and is complimentary unlike some of the other hotels.. The staff is prompt and very professional.. Mr. Burt at the front desk was very sweet and gave me a list of delicious restaurants to try.. I will definitely be back!We are so happy you enjoyed your stay and the location. Come visit us again soon!
The Hampton Inn in downtown New Orleans far exceeded my expectations. My friends and I stayed for 4 nights. The front desk staff were all friendly and helpful. Free bottles of water and snacks were given to us upon arrival. Our luggage was held until our room was ready. The rooms we were in on the 12th floor, 1203 and 1204 were spacious, clean and quiet. There was a fridge, microwave and coffeemaker in the rooms and free Wi-Fi. We did not hear street noise or other guests in the rooms next to us. There isn't much of a view except buildings, but we were out and about most of the time anyway. The breakfast buffet on the 4th floor was very good with more than enough hot and cold food choices. You can also get a breakfast to go bag if you're in a hurry. Free bottles of water and cookies were available daily from the front desk. The hotel is an easy 2 block walk to Bourbon St. It's also very close to the street car stops. Overall, an excellent stay!!Thank you for staying with us and your great review on the hotel. We are so happy to have been part of your experience here in New Orleans! Great to see you enjoyed the hotel and your stay here. Hope everyone had a blast in New Orleans and we would love to see you again!Thanks!
I have a weakness for this town so I visit every chance I get. I have an affinity for all that it offers and very often have no reason to come except for the fact that I love this place. So where better to spend...MoreThank you so much for the review! I am so happy to hear that you love our city just as much as we do! I completely agree with you. New Orleans has so much to offer. There couldn't have been a more perfect place for...More
Hotel staff upgraded me to a junior suite at check-in. Very professional and pleasant folks to work with. I stay at this Hampton Inn whenever I am in New Orleans on business. Centrally located, valet parking is always easy to use. Breakfast is good. Hotel is clean. Rates are reasonable. Best value for the price.Thank you for your recent stay with us and review on the hotel. We love to see that you are a returning guest and hope you keep coming back! Thank you also for being a Hilton HHonors member! Hope to see you again soon!Thanks,Jeff BeckerAGM
From reservation to check-out, it was a seamless experience. Location, location, location. Not too far from where we had to be (PAA) and not too close to the noise of Bourbon Street. Thank you for the hospitality.
We recently has a great pre-Thanksgiving weekend stay at this Hampton Inn. It's fairly convenient to a lot of downtown N.O. tourist spots, making it easy to walk to those locations. The room was very nice and more spacious than I was expecting from a downtown hotel. Breakfast is served on the fourth floor which is so much better than right off the lobby as is typical of a Hampton Inn. This breakfast was definitely one of the best Hampton breakfasts we've experienced. Nice staff, great selection, and always well-stocked. The room is huge so there is plenty of seating. The only drawback to this hotel is that it's a bit pricey compared to other Hamptons and there is a 39 valet parking fee per night, but I guess that's expected of a downtown hotel. I would definitely stay at this Hampton Inn again.We are so happy that you found our hotel to be accommodating! We greatly appreciate your valuable feedback and will definitely share it with our wonderful staff. Come and see us again soon here in NOLA!
The GM was rude I've never seen so much lack of professionalism in a etabliment in my life. We went to her to state concern and she immediately became defensive, loud, rude and condescending. Never againMa'am, I apologize that I would not allow you to smoke marijuana in your room, but in Louisiana, it is illegal. I can understand how you could perceive me as rude because I had to have New Orleans Police Department evict you from the hotel.
