You won't regret your stay here. Beautiful scene, amazing area, and personalized stay. They even have cookies in the lobby! I love the bungalows that sit behind the hotel, it feels like your own cabin!
Great inn on the sand, lots to entertain you...or not. Staff was attentive and friendly. Breakfast was limited but, included in rate and certainly did the trick for us. Cannon Beach and The Ocean Lodge will be the base for any future Oregon Coast family...More
After reading reviews of many cannon beach lodgings, I choose the ocean lodge. Boy am I glad I did. Had an Oceanside room on the first floor with a patio that allowed one to walk right out to the beach. It was covered from the...More
We always love it here. The Ocean Lodge is welcoming in all aspects - staff, service, rooms/decor, and location. We did have noisy neighbors with kids above. They were notified. We'll keep coming back.
We stayed at the Ocean Lodge in Cannon Beach from May 17 to 20,2014. The location is absolutely amazing . Our room was 15 feet from the white sand beach and the view is one of the most breathtaking I have seen, even compared to...More
Comfortable and pleasant spot. Great location right in the beach and an easy walk to haystack rock or just a little further to downtown. Wonderful, friendly staff. Lots of little details make this a special spot. We will definitely be going back. Warren pub is...More
My husband and I arrived at this hotel, and knew we were booked for a room with a partial view. When we arrived, before we saw our room, we decided to ask if there was another room with a total view. At the registration desk,...More
My husband and I stayed at The Ocean Lodge for two nights this spring, looking for some much needed downtime. On first arriving, we were certainly pleased with our choice. The welcome we received at check-in was wonderful, with a crackling fireplace going in reception....More
This is one of the nicer places I've stayed... really quite a flawless experience overall. The only problem is that I probably gained five pounds via the bottomless cookie jar and the insanely delicious treats inside. We had a beautiful ocean-front room with an incredible...More
Both my fiance and I work for big hotel names and wow! The Ocean Lodge knocked it out of the park. From the check in, the room, the amenities, and the check out - they do it perfectly. We stayed in a pet friendly suite...More
Let me start by saying that I work 7 days a week but had a certificate here that I finally had a break to use. I highly recommend making reservations in advance since this is a smaller property and since it's so lovely, books up...More
From the minute we walked in and were greated with a glass of wine (choice of red or white no less!), we felt welcomed. But when we got to our amazing room 2nd floor room with an incredible ocean view of Haystack Rock and found...More
A friend of mine bought my husband and I a two night stay at the Ocean Lodge for part of our honeymoon. We had such a great time! All the staff was so friendly and helpfull. They made our honeymoon extra special with a little...More
Many aspects of our stay were exemplary. Super clean and well maintained. Professional and welcoming staff. Our room was so hot and we should have called for assistance. We don't really notice until it was near bedtime and we wanted to relax and not have...MoreWe are so glad you enjoyed yourselves! Thank you for your compliments. We are sorry to read of the temperature issue in your room we would have been happy to address the issue and find a solution for you to enjoy your evening. Please feel...More
Terrible Experience, I was there for a 60th Birthday, We had a lower room.105, People above sounded like they were playing volley ball till 11:00pm, and flushing the toilet all through the night. then it started again at 6:30 am. I was So Mad I...MoreWe feel terribly about this. We wish we had known about the experience you were having---we would have loved the opportunity to address the situation. If you contacted the front desk at any time and we failed to respond appropriately, we are deeply sorry. Your...More
The Ocean Lodge was our last stop on a trip up the Oregon coast. It was fantastic! The atmosphere is charming beach and the staff is really friendly and helpful. The shower was the best, and the spa tub was great after a day at...More
My wife and I recently stayed at The Ocean Lodge, we have traveled all over the world and Ocean Lodge ranks tied for first place in best places to stay only matched by Travaasa in Hana, Hawaii. Ocean Lodge far past any experience I couldve...MoreWe are so pleased you enjoyed your stay, thank you for being our guests! Thank you also for your wonderful compliments we appreciate each detail you shared and are thrilled we rank among your favorite places to stay. Thanks again, ARcmbeachbum, we hope to welcome...More
The location is perfect, especially if you have an ocean view room. We arguably had the best room in the lodge - the one on the 2nd floor center, with a vaulted ceiling, facing the ocean. It was a luxury to leave the slider open...More
Reach out and touch Haystack Rock. Blustery December beach - with big waves. Charming. Christmas tree in lobby, library on second floor by the breakfast nook. You've got to go. And, manager, Wendy Higgins won Oregon Innkeeperof the Year - and we can see why.
Close to airport, clean, spartan, nice people, no negative experiences. 100 verse 175-200 options prior to Labor Day weekend. Was fine for what we needed. Coffee in the morning. Was only at hotel for 11 hours but would stay there again if needed.
My friend I enjoyed three days at Pelican Shores. The room was spotless, the bed very comfortable, staff was friendly the pool looked very inviting. The room was on the first level with a patio that went right out to the ocean view...More
We were only able to stay one night in this lovely place would love to stay longer. Cozy rooms spectacular views!! We sat in the cute Adirondack chairs and watched surfers and whales. The staff was friendly and very helpful.
I only wished we lived closer to Newport so I could spend 3 or 4 long weekends a year at Agate Beach Motel. We met our grandchildren in Portland for a larger family gathering and decided to fit in a day in Newport at the beach before heading to Ashland to see the musical Wiz. We were so pleased with... More
We found this lovely spot through tripadvisor reviews, we agree with the previous positive comments: Very comfortable, squeaky clean, lovely view. Nice kitchen.Note: The 1 unit called a double queen provides 2 bedrooms 2 bathrooms, which was perfect for our group of 1 couple 1 single adult. Very sturdy steps down to the beach. This was our... More
Booked online at the last minute. The hallways reek of cigarette and marijuana smoke, the hand towel was dirty with a lip stock kiss mark, there were fleas in the air conditioner unit, breakfast was substandard. I only stayed here because it was the only place I could find. Next time I will be more proactive.
We had a great time at sailor jack.. the staff is sooo friendly and the rooms are updated.. they are right by the ocean.. it's a great place. My family loved it. We been coming back to sailor Jacks for family vacation every year !.
This was our first stop on a road trip from Seattle to San Francisco along the 101. The room was clean, safe and quiet. The staff was friendly and it was a good value. I would have given it higher marks except the laundry facilities were out of service and the fan in the bathroom was very noisy, likely needed... More
My wife and I have stayed here twice, because they allow dogs, most of the rooms have wonderful views of the ocean, the staff are courteous and professional, the room rates are reasonable, and the public stairs down the bluff to the beach are right there at Seahorse Oceanfront Lodging. This is an older, simpler motel, but it has a... More
This is the second time we stayed at the Wild Goose Lodge, both times were great. The owners are new, they bought the place in July, and they were very helpful and friendly. We WILL stay there in the future.
We stayed in John Day for one night recently and found this hotel clean, simple and straightforward. It was a stressful time in John Day, towards the tail end of the big forest fire south of town. The owner was helpful and we appreciated the accommodations, which are one block off the main street going through town, where we found... More
We loved this hotel. It was a pleasant 4 week stay. Everyone on the staff was amazing. They were so accommodating and pleasant to talk with. This hotel really felt like home. Nice big rooms that we're always clean. Great water pressure and very clean bathroom. I want to let everyone know that you can't go wrong with this hotel.... More
The hotel was mostly fine. Coffee maker, fridge and microwave in room. The room was clean. There are 2 area to the hotel. The one main area and a smaller area to the side. I was in this smaller area. The parking is very tight and difficult to get in and out of in this area. Also there were about... More
We stayed at the River 1 cabin which had 3 bedrooms, nice appliances, and two bathrooms. Being on the river worked out very well for the grandsons and the facilities made the stay very pleasant for 3 generations. Owners very helpful. Overall was clean but noted quite a bit of dust under the beds. Bathroom fans pretty loud and wired... More
Great location, plenty of room, clean and comfortable. The deck and back yard against the creek is fabulous. It is right across from the go cart track and horse stables but set far enough back that you don't hear the go carts. Only a few knocks on this cabin. One the wifi is terrible. There also was no spice cabinet... More
We recently rented the Boeves cabin at the Flying Arrow resort. The cabin is in a great location and has a deck overlooking the river which is very nice. With that being said, I would not rent it again. The upstairs which has 2 bedrooms is hard to get to having to having to make your way up stairs that... More
We loved our stay at the River View 2!! Perfect location close to everything, but being next to the river drowned out any ambient noise from other people, which was awesome! Really nice cabin overall, although I would say adding a comfy mattress topper to the sort of uncomfortable beds would go a long ways towards making this cabin 5... More
We stayed in cabin number 3 by the river. It was very clean and had everything we needed. You can hear the river at night and it is very soothing. I was hesitant to stay here because of the go-cart track across the road, but because it is mid-season (after the kids are in school) it had less activity. We... More
We stay at the Maple Leaf every time we visit Oregon. This was our 3rd year in a row. We love it. The rooms are clean and very nice. The owners are great. Sonia and Danny are always welcoming and very friendly. We have never stayed at any other hotel while visiting the area. It is a small motel and... More
We are bicycle touring the northwest staying in motels. We have stayed at hundreds of these small motels over the last few years. This is a relatively clean motel that is a little rough around the edges. The positives: clean room, good water pressure in shower and sink, good wifi, refrigerator, small HDTV, good sized room(2 queens), comfortable bed, clean... More
We stayed at the Maple Leaf in August and used it as a base camp for our day trips to Crater Lake and white water rafting on the Rogue River. The hotel was clean and comfortable, and perfectly located for our needs. The small refrigerator and microwave were very convenient and helped us keep our kids fed in between adventures.
We stayed here 9/14/15 for two nights while visiting Crater Lake. Our room was clean and very nice. It's not the Hilton but we would stay here again. It was quiet and reasonably priced. We locked the keys in the trunk and the office lady was very nice to help us.
Just back from a 3night stay at the Oxford in Bend. This hotel took my breath away! After a long drive and late arrival, we walked into the beautiful lobby, very kind/attentive/helpful staff - (especially Dale Jason) and a stunning room. The tv in...More
We stayed two nights at the Oxford Hotel in Bend, Oregon during our road trip to Canada. Location, Location, Location! The Oxford's location is perfect. We got checked in, car valet'ed and immediately went out to explore downtown, making our way to Drake Park where...More
Very exceptional staff, extremely attentive,cordial,helpful and welcoming(particularly, the parking staff). Hotel is new, gym is clean and well appointed. Rooms are decoratively well done with one exception: You can hear the resident in the next room taking his or her shower. Cannot hear the people,...More
We want to adopt Charlie and Steve is super knowledgeable on the surrounding area and can help guide you on your outdoor activities. Both are concierge/valet/advisors and driver. Do take advantage of a ride in town with the Tesla. Charlie suggested it and it was...More
The Oxford in Bend.. the best!.. my stay was part of a Trek Travel cycling vacation .. we spent 2 of our 5 nights in Bend at the Oxford and it was one of the highlights of the trip. The Oxford is a very fine...More
Talk about a great hotel. I travel a lot and this hotel is at the top. Great location walking to everything. Amazing service. Awesome rooms. Don't think twice. This place is the one you want to stay at. I won't stay anywhere else in Bend.
A beautifully styled and well-located hotel with warm and welcoming staff. The attention to detail in every facet of the establishment made it sand out from the others. Each and every member of staff I met made the time to welcome you and did it...More
Bend is a wonderful town and the Oxford was the perfect boutique hotel located just a few blocks from all the shops, restaurants and breweries. We loved the accommodations and decor. The French press with local coffee was the perfect touch. Plus, the complimentary glass...MoreBend is a great town to explore and we do hope you'll try out our complimentary cruiser bikes when you visit again. Thanks for taking the time to share your experience with others. We are so pleased you enjoyed your stay!
We travel alot and experience many great hotels, and the Oxford was amazing!!!!! The staff was so friendly and helpful, the rooms was beautifully decorated and spotless, and the restaurant 10Below was delicious! We had 3 out of 5 of our dinners there and all...More
We have stayed many times at the Bend Oxford and always look forward to another visit! The property is centrally located and the rooms are beautiful, the staff always remembers us. We enjoy the evening cocktail hour and the to go snacks near the elevator....More
Accommodating, spacious, comfortable and a great location. This was such a beautiful hotel. We had an incredible stay as the staff was incredibly friendly. The rooms are spacious and the kitchen / kitchenette is full of the essentials even plenty of cold waters. This hotel...More
I really liked this hotel, especially the lobby. It was very swanky and classic. The room was larger than I expected and provided all the comforts I needed. The bed was extremely comfy and the staff helped out whenever I needed it. I loved chatting with the valet guys each morning, as well. I even ordered room service once (I... More
Attention to detail was so very keen. The chef/concierge knew every restaurant and point of interest and was really fun to talk to. We had our dog with us and they all went out of their way to make sure to welcome ALL of us. We will never stop in Portland without a stay at our favorite hotel.
The Benson is an old historic hotel that is excellently kept up. The lobby is an amazing view into the past and the elegance the hotel maintains to this day. The rooms are also elegantly appointed and in good shape. The bathroom was clean and well maintained yet not as elegant as the room. I did receive an upgraded room... More
We loved staying at The Benson. We had a family wedding here and the staff was friendly and so helpful. The restaurant is great. Our room was very well appointed and roomy. Would highly recommend The Benson.
This hotel is one of the originals in Portland. Lots of period details in the lobby. Quite nice. Easy 3 blocks from the airport train. No need for a car...and cars are discouraged throughout the city. Near Powells bookstore, the Pearl district, several good restaurants. But, also a block from an area with cheap bars and derelicts. Just turn the... More
It's starting to show its age in the rooms but the front desk, lobby and Palm Court are charming as ever. It has a great location within walking distance of many good restaurants and Powell's Bookstore.
The Benson is one of the Grande Dames of Portland hotels, and the chain that owns them has done a marvelous restoration job. The room itself was decent - nothing special, but reasonably large (particularly compared to some of the other boutique hotels in the area). The lobby and bar/restaurant are what make the difference, though. We had Manhattans in... More
This is hands down the best experience I have ever had at a hotel. Gorgeous rooms coupled with phenomenal customer service made this a fabulous trip. When checking in, I just mentioned to the front desk that it was our fifth anniversary and our first time in Portland, and she upgraded us to a junior suite. The valet staff was... More
Had a wonderful weekend downtown Portland taking in the Portland Scene. Our stay at the Benson was wonderful. The staff was very attentive and the room very comfortable. The lobby was beautifully decorated for Christmas. We will definitely make this a Christmas tradition.
We used this as our base to explore the city and the region. Great central location. Easy walk to many attractions nearby (Powell's bookstore, Voodoo donuts, largest street food cart pod in the U.S., etc.). Hotel has classy, old character. Friendly service. Complimentary wine tasting one night. The only down-side for us was that we ended up with a room... More
Stayed at this hotel for a single, mid-week stay for an industry conference. I have mixed feelings about this property. The lobby, open spaces, meeting rooms and dining areas are beautifully restored. My interaction with the staff was all pleasant. The restaurant was quite small, but the food was good and the prices were below what I was expecting. The... More
This hotel is one of the classic hotels from a era long past. The hotel has been maintained and retains the turn of the last century wood work and style. Room was clean and so were the common areas. I thought the bed was very comfortable. We didn't utilize the coffee shop but there are many in the area also.... More
The Benson has a very good location in downtown Portland. I found all of the staff to be welcoming and working hard to make my stay enjoyable. Room service breakfast was promptly delivered on Sunday morning. The valet parking was very friend and efficient. I found the lighting in El Gaucho left much to be desired. I prefer a less... More
Such a good experience for my wife and myself on a Portland vacation. Beautiful lobby. Staff very pleasant and helpful. Location excellent for walking or hopping on a bus or trolley. We would definitely go back the next time we are in Portland
Just not overly impressed, to be candid. Nothing you can put your finger on, no epiphanies per se, just OK. A bit expensive for the just OK rating. Positives are it has a certain charm, staff are certainly engaged and helpful, location good. But on my return to Portland, I am likely to try a different spot.
This is a very old property that is nicely appointed. The rooms are very nicely equipped. The lobby is very picturesque and comfy. The desk staff and everyone at this property are very helpful and friendly. Although the web site states free valet parking it is not. It is very good but expensive. There is no longer a restaurant in... More
This week my wife and I decided to visit Portland and we stayed four nights at the Benson Hotel. We were celebrating our 50th anniversary. The hotel is over 100 years old and has maintained its' turn of the century charm and ambience while providing modern accommodations and conveniences. The room was spacious and quiet and our housekeeper, Li, kept... More
We ate in the pub of the hotel during happy hour. They had a good selection of micro beers and wines. All we tasked were very good. Service was very good. Four of us ate: Cajun tater tots (yummy) hummus , meat loaf sandwich with gravy dip!! caesar salad Quinoa Harvest salad (good portion) Linguine Gamberetto and Pepper Crusted Tri-tips.... More
this place will always have a special place in my heart :) My Boyfriend(now fiance) Proposed to me at the rooftop bar. The Manager there that night was in on the whole thing. He cleared out what few people there were outside, granted there was only 3-4 besides us, He even went above and beyond and recorded the video of... More
If the weather is good, this is the place to go to get a 360 view of McMinnvillle and surrounding area. Amazed we could even see Mt. Hood! Good service and good selection of drinks. We did not eat here.
Great location. Rooftop bar was fun and food was good. Clean vintage rooms. Comfortable bed. Unusual murals throughout the hotel. Wide stairways, but an elevator, too, for carrying bags. The shared bathrooms were spacious and had several stalls and shower facilities. Neat lounge areas on main floor. I'd stay here again.
We had a reservation for many people and were placed in the middle of the restaurant next to the bar, which made it tough to have conversations within our group. The food seemed over priced in my opinion. My wife and I both had tri tip steak and mine came out over cooked and the wife's steak was half over... More
Nice staff and fast service. Beer wine are very good. Mixed drinks are small. Burgers are good. Portions are a good size.
Perfect place for a quick get away. We had a queen room with a shared bathroom. Bed was extremely comfortable and the room was surprisingly quiet. There were ear plugs in our room, but we didn't need them even though we were on the fourth floor right below the roof top bar. Staff was great, very informative and helpful. We... More
They do not have wifi AND they're in a dead zone. Having said that, it's still a great place to spend the night. We stayed in a very nice room with a bath (excellent hot water) down the hall. Before going to bed we had an excellent dinner and then went to the bar in the basement to play short... More
We had such a great time on the roof. The food was so good but a bit expensive. If you can afford it I would say go for it.
The views from the rooftop bar is the best view in town. 360 views of vineyards, the coast range, and all the beauty that is Yamhill County. There is no better place to watch the sunset while sipping on a nice cold drink. The food is always good and the service is always friendly.
We dined here for lunch and were amazed at the UFO history. This is a really FUN place and the food and service were outstanding. A nice way to spend a couple of hours.
Stopped in for breakfast. The menu has great diversity and some very tasty breakfasts. We explored the hotel but we did not stay the night. We were just driving through otherwise we would have liked to stay and experience all that this place has to offer. We will be back.
I took a last minute trip to Bend to visit Deschutes Brewery, and was looking for a last minute stay that was walking distance from downtown at a reasonable price. The Motel is 1/3 of the price of the downtown hotels such as Hilton, Marriott ect. That was a no-brainer for me since I simply needed to sleep. The hotel... More
I booked this room online. When we arrived the hotel is undergoing major renovation. Most of the rooms lobby are gutted. The room we were in didnt have drapes was missing furniture. The bathtub/ shower drain was clogged wouldnt drain.MoreWe apologize for the inconvenience the renovation caused during your stay. We are working hard to complete this as fast as possible. We apologize about the condition of your room as well. We will address the drain issue immediately. We hope in the future you...More
The rooms and property need updating. The rooms were small but had quiet airconditioning we had a problem getting the TV working but the maid helped us out. The breakfast was small but adequate. Would not stay again.
Our first trip to Portland included our first stay at a BB. We liked many things about the Portland area but we LOVED our stay at Everett Street Guesthouse. The location was convenient and quiet, the cottage was welcoming and comfortable, and the proprietress - Terry - was attentive yet not intrusive. It was such a pleasure to have such... More
We stayed in the little back cottage, it felt as if we were in our own home. So quiet and peaceful. Not to mention clean and comfortable. We even had bottles of water waiting for us on the nightstands... Will definitely be back, can't imagine a better location in Portland.
This cozy back yard cottage is nicely decorated and offers all the comforts of home. I loved having a small kitchen to make tea in the morning and light meals at other times. Robes, slippers and bathroom toiletries helped make it comfortable. The cottage feels like a little hideaway and is securely tucked away. It was cold and rainy during... More
It was such a pleasant experience staying at Everett Street Guesthouse, Terri was wonderful, she was responsive to every need and helpful in any way needed. I felt taken care of and free to adventure around the town with a cozy place to come back to with an amazing and healthy breakfast. I would recommend this BB to anyone staying... More
When on vacation, my husband and I always look for a private vacation rental that offers us the comforts of home. We found this, and more, in the private apartment of the Everett Street Guesthouse! From the moment we walked in to our private space w/ it's own entrance, we were pleasantly surprised to find a cozy, calming, beautifully decorated... More
This place exceeded all of my expectations for a chain hotel. We did not book ahead of time, we just drove in late and found this hotel. They made the check in process seamless and gave us a great rate in the room despite not booking ahead of time. And the property was simply perfect, it was comfortable in every... More
Pros: cheap, microwave, fridge, WiFi. Cons: cigarette smoke seeps in, towels are dingy, stuff is broken the welcome letter that talks about the rules and check out time advises patrons not to attempt to repair broken items, walls between units are exceptionally thin leaving nothing to the imagination, ID is not necessary to rent a room.
I've stayed at hotels all over the country. As a sales rep, I've seen good and bad. The staff here went above and beyond throughout our stay. Convenient location, clean room, friendly staff, and great breakfast. I wish I could give more stars.I am glad that your stay with us was an enjoyable one, we look forward to seeing you the next time you are in the area.
Although they are under construction they did everything they could to accommodate us. The staff was truly some of the friendliest we've experienced. There was 9 adults in our party and they let us bring our own beversges and snacks down to the dining area in the late evening. Make sure to bring tip money down to breakfast!
We were delighted to stay at this Hampton Inn. It has been recently renovated and shows it. The lobby and accommodations were clean and well-designed. The reception was exceptional and helpful. We wanted to stay outside of the metro Portland area to avoid parking and traffic. This was a perfect choice. We took the Max to downtown mid day and... More
We were here for a wedding in downtown Portlnd and stayed at this location which was still convenient to get to downtown without the high cost. The room was quiet and comfortable and the staff were helpful and friendly with great recommendations on places for dinner and things to do. The breakfast offered a great variety and the coffee was... More
Wow Very clean, awesome pool, awesome breakfast. Very nice clean rooms. Breakfast had so many choices I was surprised. Towels in the pool area was nice. So many complimentary things I was surprised. Thank you.
Lobby had that old must odor but my room was very nicely remodeled comfortable. Staff was very pleasant helpful. Nice breakfast but you had to get there by 9:00 AM. Overall, a nice stay for the money.
This was a fairly clean room, king bed. The smallness of the bathroom was our biggest complaint, very inconvenient, you had to step into the small space between the side of the toilet and the counter to get enough room to close the bathroom door. It had a large counter and kitchen sink in the room, with microwave and empty... More
The accommodations were fine however the reception staff could definitely benefit from a refresher course in friendly and prompt customer service. I stay an many Choice hotels and was disappointed in my experience with this hotel.
I was here for business and found this room to be very nice. The mattress, the bedding, the towels were all very nice quality. There was plenty of plug-ins for my electronics and a desk with nice lighting. The television was wonderful - all was good with the room. The breakfast was a very good hotel breakfast with adequate choices.... More
A great place to stay when visiting the Portland Oregon area. I had transportation provided by family but there is ample parking available. Across the street are various stores for convenience especially if you forgot something or need some snacks or refreshments.
Hi. Had a lovely stay in June. Ask for the River view. Room as nice and clean and I thought a decent value. Staff was cheerful and super helpful. Very easy to get to this hotel from the interstate - always a plus for me...Thanks!!!
Rooms were clean and comfortable, view of river was really nice. Definitely an older hotel with one elevator that rattles all the way up and front desk staff was not the friendliest ever. Good place to stay if in the area, nothing to go out of your way for though.
Hotel staff was very nice! We received a complimentary upgrade for our choice loyalty status. When we first arrived, there was snack food available in the lobby for no cost. Breakfast was also great. Would recommend this hotel.
We stay at this hotel due to the great rooms, service and the year round ability to use the pool/spa. It's also has quick access to Hwy 84 and is only a short time to get to the airport. We'll be staying here again in a few weeks due to this convenience.
We stay at this hotel due to the great rooms, service and the year round ability to use the pool/spa. It's also has quick access to Hwy 84 and is only a short time to get to the airport. We'll be staying here again in a few weeks due to this convenience.
this is a comfortable hotel for the price, good breakfast, nice indoor pool with jacuzzi and sauna- a plus! they were nice enough to give us a breakfast on the go as we had to leave before breakfast was served at 6am to get to a half marathon race 45 miles away.
Close to freeway, but not noisy. Couldn't use pool after 10 pm. Breakfast was better than average. Showed up late- around 9 pm and check in was a breeze. Close to several fast food restaurants and not too long of drive to nicer restaurants.
Picked the hotel because it was close to the start of the Columbia River Gorge. Very good stay. Not really close to amenities( Restraunts, bars, etc.) but all are not too far away to drive. The best close place is Edgefield. A must see. Over all, what I expect from BW pus, and that is why we picked it.
Great place to stay when in the Portland area. Great breakfast, room, sauna, workout facility and spa. The staff has always been extremely professional. The place is quiet at night, and I always sleep well while I am there. Not only do I stay while on business, but I stay while I am on personal travel since it is such... More
This was much nicer and more up to date than I was expecting very pleasantly surprised. Very clean, pleasant, up to date room, lobby, hallways. We didn't use the pool/hot tub/etc, so cannot comment on that. Also did not eat breakfast, but did have several cups of excellent coffee - they had two different brews in addition to the decaf,... More
Typical BW standard hotel. No where near a BW Plus. Lobby is old a bit outdated. Rooms also a bit outdated in the style. We booked a 1 Queen bed, but the size is really a Double, which was fine, but let's call it what it is. Bathroom was so small that I couldn't even put my toiletry bag... More
We should have stayed at Edgefield. My coworker and I booked 2 rooms here. We usually have good experience with Best Western. The hotel looks good upon arrival. The evening desk person was surly and unhelpful - both of us (and the person behind us) felt the young man was rude. He refused to verify the price of our rooms... More
Staff very attentive. Rooms are extremely quiet and confortable -- didn't even hear the thunder storm!! Walking distance to beach and downtown Nye Beach. Several wonderful restaurants within walking distance.
My husband and I took our 9 year old grandson to the Columbia River Inn. Our room was very nice, the bathroom was clean, and the bed was comfortable. The room had a great view, and we loved the warm pool. If you go there, bring a fridge thermometer. You need to get pool towels at the front desk, and... More
My daughter and I stayed just one night at this wonderful inn, but wish we could have spent a whole week! We were incredibly impressed by the attention that has been put into every little detail of their guests' experience. They offer so many amenities for their guests, making it refreshingly easy to relax and enjoy this amazing town on... More
Some Nature around the area as we seen deer in the field next door. We had a 2 Queen Bed and had lots of room to move around and being tall I need that. Over-all it was a nice stay and service was good.Thank you for your postings on Trip Advisor. We do have deer that like to visit us, they come down to get some good grass to eat. We hope that you will come and visit us in the future.
While bicycling across the US, my wife and I stayed at the Inn at the 5th. The bike was welcomed in our room, which is not always the case at such upscale hotels. The staff is great, the room was perfect and the location is excellent.
This was our second time staying at the Comfort Suites in Redmond and it was just as wonderful as last time. The friendly staff remembered us from our trip over Christmas Holiday. The room was quite spacious and comfortable with a beautiful view. We really love that we can have our dog in the room with us on vacation. My... More
I read so many scathing reviews on this hotel, that I only booked one night when I needed three. Once I saw the room and the view, I quickly booked the other two nights. Seriously people, what do you freaking expect for 50 - AAA rate for an ocean view king I know of an RV park down the road... More
