I was pasting through Salina and stayed at the Village Inn. For 50 I got a good deal on a in King size bed. The room was clean and neat. The front desk staff was nice and friendly. They recommended Cozy Inn a great hamburger joint.
Great place to stay, Has a great pool with a slide. Nice clean and quiet rooms and free Breakfast. Easy access off the highway. Good coffee and good service. Plenty of parking and lighted. I was pulling a trailer so I had an easy in and out with security.
This hotel was clean, quiet, and very comfortable. Room was spacious, beds comfortable. Staff very friendly and helpful. A little farther from the freeway road noise than the other options, and price was better, too. Good location, near shops and services, WalMart. Very good breakfast. Will return and choose this hotel again.
My granddaughter and I spent the night there arriving late on a Saturday night. Our room was ready and the pullout couch even had sheets already on it! That's a nice touch when you're tired. I received pillows with fresh out of the drier pillow cases for the couch. The front desk was very gracious in handling closing down the... More
the motel was not prepared to serve breakfast to the number of people staying there. the slide is a nice feature to the pool area. it is old and needs some maintenance. the lobby area is very inviting and the refreshment table is homey.
This hotel right off f Hwy 54 in Goddard,KS was very nice.The room was clean and the area was quiet. Its near a nice gas station and in the parking lot with a Subway sandwich shop. The price was very good. They offer breakfast but we were in a hurry and didnt get a chance to try thier breakfast so... More
Reviews had this place rated excellent, not in my opinion. The decor is out of date and the room wasn't clean other than the high points. Other than the walk way in the room the floor was dirty and had stains on the blanket as well. The breakfast didn't have butter for the waffles and not much to choose from.... More
We make a lot of trips between CO and MO. The Midland Railroad Hotel is now our go-to for our night's break from driving. Really cool old place, gorgeously preserved. The rooms are right out out of 1899. They are not big, because that's how it was back then. The oldy-timey feel of the in-room sink, the wood finishings and... More
The loft was a great choice for our family of 3 adults. The reasons I did not give an excellent in every category are: coffee pods for 2 instead of 3 which were not replenished (we stayed 3 nights), using styrafoam in the breakfast room, not enough help at the cooking station especially on Sunday morning, reported a broken luggage... More
This was our first night out on an extended road trip. Although it is very conveniently located adjacent the highway, we heard no noise from the traffic or nearby rooms. The room is a studio suite with a small kitchen, comfortable king bed, etc. and was very clean. The breakfast was a buffet with hot items, but the pleasant surprise... More
My wife and I stayed at the Waterwalk for one night. We stayed in a room that was somewhat like a small studio apartment. It had a small kitchen with a good sized refrigerator, microwave, and coffee maker. There was even a fireplace for ambiance. The king sized bed was comfortable and the flat screen TV had a great picture.... More
Price would have been ok if we'd been able to enjoy all we thought we would be able to. But since we couldn't, was really a disappointment. The positives, the room was large, sitting area was nice, large closet space, nice kitchen we didn't use. The negatives, when I called and inquired about amenities prior to the reservation was told... More
This is an old Residence Inn that has been updated. Rooms are condo-style, with 4-8 per building. Second floors have no elevator, but outside stairs. Room was spacious and clean, but smelled heavily of cigarette smoke. However, that cleared up as I got in the room, so it may have been someone recently on the balcony. Bathroom was roomy and... More
Place was clean, Shower needed the slip pads in it! Had nice staff workers. Was only here for a couple of days with friends,so didn't stay at motel enough to check things out much! But would come back and stay here next time!
Staff is well trained and helpful. Helped us with directions and traffic suggestions. Right off the interstate but very quiet. Solomon and Kendall were great. Parking was easy. Good restaurant and workout area.
We stayed at this hotel on a road trip between South Dakota and Dallas. The location is near enough to the highway for convenience, but not close enough to cause noise issues. I felt safe parking my car here. This hotel doesn't offer dinner service so we ordered a pizza. Our room was spacious and well appointed, including a microwave... More
On the way to Wichita, Kansas stayed at this motel for a night. Talk about surprised and pleased with staff, rooms, service, breakfast and cleanliness. There is also a good Mexican restaurant nearby, but the owners just made me feel like I was at home though Los Angeles was a ways off.
When I travel for business I typical stay in the big chain hotels but this hotel has changed my mind. There is something very special about having breakfast and talking to the owner of the hotel at the same time. Hotel is new, modern, and very clean with everything you could want with a stay when traveling. Get little place... More
As bad as it looks! We had drove for more than 12 hours and it was storming. The 3 towns up to this point was completely booked, so we had to stop but I REALLY wish we didn't! Dirty, ceiling was falling in and the place was horribly decorated Like waking back in time to like 1950s Ended up sleeping... More
A locally own establishment that has recently gone through some remodeling. Rooms are big and comfy! Furnishings are modern and the beds and bedding are all very comfortable. Owners are very hospitable and friendly. I would recommend staying here anytime you're in Garden City.
I was traveling by myself and needed a hotel with restaurant/bar nearby. This was a nice hotel, reasonably priced that met all my needs.
The front desk service, Abby,Naomi, and Krista was great. I was always greeted and made to feel welcomed. The rooms were clean and comfortable. If I return to Olathe, KS, I know where I will be staying.
I spend a lot of time in hotels, but I spent 3 nights at this hotel while working in Olathe. The employees in this hotel should provide customer service training to everyone in the Marriott hotels. Everyone makes the guests here feel welcome and at home. The most memorable person is Abby. My coworkers and I would spend a few... More
We stayed at this hotel recently while spending the weekend with our daughter that is attending KU. It is a reasonable drive from Lawrence when all the hotels there are booked. I checked in during the early afternoon using the app on my phone. When we arrived later in the evening, I was still checked-in again in the traditional way.... More
Arrived late and left fairly early early so not much time spent at residence inn Kansas City. Desk service was nice, breakfast was full of choices, and the Internet was strong. The room met expectations but was very plain without any character
First let me state that the working staff (front desk, housekeeping, breakfast servers etc...) were very friendly and good at their jobs. The facility is fine. I would describe it as clean and the property is well kept. Plenty of shopping and eating options close by. My issue is lack of basic security provided and the lack of concern from... More
We love the Hampton Inn in Dodge City. It is right next-door to the casino which we enjoy and it's close to down town with all of the tourist attractions. This was our second trip there and both times we stayed at the Hampton and enjoyed it
We made reservations and stayed here for a weekend with our baseball team. Upon arriving, the friendly staff had our group checked in very quickly. The rooms were quiet, clean, cool, and very comfortable. If you needed something, the staff made sure it was taken care of promptly, great service. They have a nice breakfast with a variety of items... More
Clean, spacious and comfortable. Checking in and out is a breeze. Cute part of Manhattan. Still top notch. We got the King suite. It was worth the extra 10 to have more room. The linens are high quality, too.Thanks for the review Tammy! We're glad you enjoyed our hotel and the newly developed downtown. Between the bakery, local restaurants, and new IMAX theater within walking distance, it's the best place to get a taste of Manhattan. We hope to have you back soon.
Clean, spacious and comfortable. Checking in and out is a breeze. Cute part of Manhattan. Still top notch. We got the King suite. It was worth the extra 10 to have more room. The linens are high quality, too.Thanks for the review Tammy! We're glad you enjoyed our hotel and the newly developed downtown. Between the bakery, local restaurants, and new IMAX theater within walking distance, it's the best place to get a taste of Manhattan. We hope to have you back soon.
aesthetically , there were issues. The rooms we were in you could tell there had been water damage in the bathroom ceiling and the entry door area. It was clean. You can tell it is an older complex. The lobby/office area had the carpet duct...More
MoreMore
Clean, spacious, everything works, great value. After a long day from tourist-priced Colorado, we stopped for a room in Garden City. The National 9 Inn is under new management, and the new proprietor/manager was most helpful...even helped us find local gas prices and locations online. We were impressed with the selection of restaurants locally, too. After supper we settled in... More
We needed a one night stay and this place was just the ticket. Clean, inexpensive and handy to the highways. Comfy beds were a happy surprise! We were happy with our rooms. Breakfast was simple but good.
Well-kept rooms. Nice microwave and refrigerator in the room. Spacious seating area and couch. Comfortable bed. Friendly staff. Nice and clean swimming pool and hot tub. Clean and new fitness center with free weights, elliptical and treadmill.
We stayed at a Quality Inn last night in Albuquerque NM (see comments). Comfort Inn was our next choice for tonight. Glad we did. Entering the front desk gal came out about 30 seconds after we walked in and was apologizing as she was baking cookies to put out.....she was very helpful and gave us copies of pizza places that... More
Suite was nice and large but a side of each queen bed had very little room to get in and out. Had trouble regulating the heat/air with it 60* outside. Bathroom exhaust fan didn't work. We will tell the desk when we leave. Not important tonight.
We stayed the weekend for Father's Day. The bathroom vent fan did not work in room 320. The coffee pot was also pretty beat up and took us 10 minutes to get it to work. The pool was nice, but there were so many kids, we gave up after being in it for 15 minutes. I guess it was a... More
