This hotel was nice and quiet. Did not know, there was train track near by. But it was only few train passed during our stay. Best Western changed hotel classification. The Plus category are not the same as before.
We stayed in the king suite with the separation between the bedroom and the living space. The sofa bed wasn't very good I had back discomfort by the day we left on our three night stay. The room is clean, and the king bed very comfortable. This hotel is located within walking distance to most places you will want to... More
Parking was horrible, somebody ran into my rental car while staying there. I didn't get to try the breakfast, I was there for business so the restaurant opened to late for the business world to enjoy, I had to asked for coffee for my room, And the items in the vending machine were stale.
Not cheap but excellent location. Price is somewhat standard for not hacing reservations. But room was nice and clean. They offer good continental breakfast which is a plus and compensates. Front desk service and personnel where excellent. It is Carmel, no A/C in rooms but they have a fan for air circulation.
If you get the room that they advertised on the website and for what you paid, you may be lucky.If you stay many days , they will give you the not so good rooms.Nobody wants to stay in these rooms: low light/dark rooms, near pool, noisy, smelly bathrooms, or difficult access. If you stay one-two days you will get probably... More
This is such a fun, lovely hotel. The attention to detail is impressive, from the thicker rimmed water glasses to the extra fluffy towels. Loved the vibrant art which lends itself to a hip vibe. My only disappointment was at their restaurant, the Lockbox. The menu is just trying too hard. I am a fairly adventurous eater but each of... More
We recently stayed at this hotel on a trip to Lexington with other friends. Our group shared the feeling that we would not be back. We routinely waited more than 10 minutes for elevators. The workout room is tiny with 2 treadmills and 2 cheap elliptical machines that rocked off the floor when in use. Everything about the hotel seemed... More
I reserved a room a week in advance, knowing a motel is usually not great accommodations but we were just passing thru during the longest yard sale. I was quoted 50 over the phone and given our room numbers as a confirmation number and she...More
MoreMore
Hello, I have traveled a lot and abroad and by far this is the worst place i have ever booked. i paid got the key and walked in. OMG the place is HORRIBLE. this place is one of those hotels they show in horror movies where they kill people. I kid you not! this place is horrible. i only stayed... More
This is a new Hampton Inn and is well decorated. The color scheme gives a feeling of luxury and is very restful. The beds are comfortable and the black out curtains keep the room dark for a good nights sleep. The entrance is a little difficult to find so look closely for the sign. The staff was very friendly and... More
I stayed here for three nights while I explored nearby Santa Barbara. This place is ok for a night or two, if you can live the excess noise coming from the freeway, then three nights is just about doable
Completely accommodating hotel! I booked a reservation last minute day of, used points to offset the cost and even called the front desk to ask for a little help. They were completely kind and welcoming, especially accommodating while under construction. Thank you!
The water is very hot and there's no cold water at all... It's awful.. The food is not good.. The staff is friendly and very nice.. More upscale items should be offered for the price of the room at 200. A night! Snacks, toiletries, menus and food and drinks offered.. Promote your business... I'm sorry to hear we didn't exceed your expectations but thank you for bringing these issues to our attention. We take your feedback seriously and will share it with the staff. I hope we'll get another opportunity to make a better impression when you return to New Orleans. Feel free to contact me if you would like to discuss your stay further. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Great staff and rooms. Housekeeping was always spot on--we never saw them come in, and it was in perfect order when we came back to our rooms. The hotel is close to everything, French Quarter, museums, business district, etc. And we got a GREAT price for our stay. It's an excellent value--highly recommend to anyone visiting New Orleans!
This Hotel, formerly a prestigious bank, may be attractive for history buffs, but is an expensive and horrible place to stay when you visit New Orleans. The rooms are SMALL, unattractive, with terrible old bedding, virtually without windows or amenities. Parking was 38/day, and it took 35 min. to get your vehicle. Almost no lobby or sitting area, the restaurant was small, understaffed, with a severely limited menu. The commode was crammed into a tiny bathroom, and we had to call down to get them to bring up an old beat-up refrigerator. There are SO Many other more attractive places to stay in New Orleans, less expensive, I would avoid this place like the plague.Thank you for your review. I'm sorry to hear that we did not exceed your expectations but we'll use this information to provide better services in the future. Thank you for giving us the opportunity to hear about your visit. Sincerely,Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Very accommodating staff. Competitive pricing for downtown N.O. convenient location. Comfortable room. Good food in restaurant. Broken exercise equipment. 'fitness club' is a bit of a misnomer. We can recommend this to anyone else for a good place to stay with great location for many attractions.Thank you very much for your comments about your most recent stay with us at the Whitney Hotel! We are working on getting updated exercise equipment and I'm sorry it wasn't ready for you by the time you arrived. I am happy to hear that you had such an enjoyable stay overall and we hope to see you again the next time you come to New Orleans!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Room was much larger than I expected, and water and fridge were offered for my room - had everything I needed. Nice basic breakfast was included. Room was very clean and everyone here was friendly! Would stay again. We're thrilled to hear you had a great New Orleans experience at the Whitney Hotel. Thank you for mentioning the breakfast and the cleanliness of the rooms. Our staff strives for excellence and I'm glad to see that was provided. We hope to see you again soon. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
The Whitney Hotel is ideally located to see most of the sights of New Orleans. I would say it is a place to lay your head but I found the restaurant poor in terms of food choice and quality. The room phone did not work, no room service offered and the room can be noisy as it overlooks a major road. Overall, I think we can do better on my next trip to New Orleans.Thank you mentioning how you enjoyed the location and cleanliness of the Hotel, I'll pass that information along. I'm sorry to hear about the telephone and will have Engineering test the line. On behalf of the Management of the restaurant, please accept my apologies. I'll make sure they get a copy of this review. Thank you again for your candid comments and we'll use this information to provide better services in the future. If we can be of any other assistance, please don't hesitate to contact us. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
This is an old hotel in very good location. A 5 minute walk to Bourbon Street and Harrahs' Casino. A 15 min walk will get you to Caffe DuMonde and the French Market. Although old, the hotel is well kept and the staff is efficient. I found the room a little bit small, but confortable.Thank you for your recent stay at the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans! We're glad to hear you enjoyed your visit and look forward to hosting you again soon. Please don't hesitate to contact us directly for your next New Orleans get-a-way!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
The hotel is historic and yet modern. Full of history. The hotel is conveniently located in the heart of New Orleans. Blocks from the French Quater and the Riverfront. The staff was very courtis and very knowledgeable. Always there to help get you where you want to be. Just one block to Mothers one of the local best restaurants. Totally enjoyed my stay On behalf of the staff at the Whitney Hotel, thank you so much for your recent visit and for the wonderful review. We'll share your praise with our staff and sincerely hope we'll get to see you again soon. Thank you, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
This hotel aptly named the Whitney Hotel as it was the location of the Whitney Bank.Several of the features of the bank era are there to be seen such as the strong room doors and related features.This hotel is in a very good location very close to local transportation - buses and streetcars.A short walk takes you to many places to eat, drink and shop.Less than ten minutes walk to Canal Street, Bourbon Street and Royal Street.Pleasant ambience, friendly staff and comfortable rooms. We had a noisy air con and after underlining our concerns were moved to another room and provided with free on the house breakfast.The hotel has partnership with some eating/licensed businesses plus a two for one offer for Mardi Gras World.Thank you for your recent stay at the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans! We're glad to hear you enjoyed your visit and look forward to hosting you again soon. Please don't hesitate to contact us directly for your next New Orleans get-a-way!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Such a beautiful hotel! LOVED the lobby and the bank vault. It was so unique and interesting. Our suite was so beautiful and very comfortable. We would like to thank the staff for taking such good care of us.Your knowledge of your wonderful city was so helpful. The Russells Thank you for your review of the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans! We're so happy to hear you enjoyed your stay and we appreciate the feedback. If there is anything we can do to make your next visit to the Whitney better, please don't hesitate to let us know. Thank you and we look forward to seeing you again soon!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
We recently had the opportunity to travel to New Orleans and we chose to stay at the Whitney based on user reviews, location, and price. The room was very nice and was really clean. The hotel was well decorated. The one big call out I have is that the restaurant accepts room charges and cash only! As a rule, I won't support a business that doesn't accept credit cards for payment. Valet parking or a paid lot across the street are your parking options.Thank you for recent visit to the Whitney Hotel and for your kind comments. I'll be sure to pass this along to the staff. Please let us know if you need any reservation assistance in the future. Thank you, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Our room was beautiful, the location was wonderful just a couple of blocks from shopping, Bourbon Street and an easy walk to Jackson Square. There are great restaurants in walking distance as well as the restaurant in the hotel. Dinner in the vault was fabulous.The service was outstanding.Even one of the maintenance men held doors for me and gave great advice on where to eat. Loved it and can't wait to go back. Thanks especially to Jason who really took great care of us.We appreciate your recent visit to the Whitney Hotel and are so happy to hear you enjoy your stay! We'll pass along your kind comments to the staff and we look forward to hosting your next New Orleans trip! Feel free to call the hotel directly for any travel needs. Thank you, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Excellent service and location was perfect. Have been in New Orleans numerous times so we didnt need to be in the heart of French Quarter which could be very noisy. dont get me wrong, love a good time let the good times roll but when I want to sleep I prefer quite.. Staff very helpful , great new restaurants in warehouse district....Thank you for the great review and for your recent visit to the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans. We certainly appreciate the kind words and we are looking forward to hosting your next trip to the Big Easy!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
I will never consider staying at the Whitney after my epic night of uncomfortable room temperatures and a night's sleep on the hardest, cheapest mattress I've every experienced. The hotel staff was nonexistent and are complaints were only listened to AFTER check-out.Thank you for your review. I'm sorry to hear that we did not exceed your expectations but we'll use this information to provide better services in the future. Thank you for giving us the opportunity to hear about your visit. Sincerely,Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
The hotel was alright, this was my second stay at this hotel after my first experience I recieved a comp night to get a better experience. My second experience was about the same, rude staff, bugs in room, room wasn't cleaned when asked and many other things to add on this. For the price of the nights I did pay for, it would be been better to go to another hotel with more comfortable beds. Thank you for your candid review. Upon checking out on Sunday, our Guest Services Manager asked you if your stay was enjoyable, you told him that everything was fine. You certainly didn't mention any of the complaints you list here. We also noted you called for Housekeeping Service to remove trash and bring up fresh towels to your room in the early afternoon on Saturday, declining a full service. Upon reported completion of that task, a Courtesy Call Back was made and you told our Guest Services Agent that everything was delivered to your satisfaction. It's disheartening to read that you had complaints only after you left the property, even though attempts to verify your satisfaction were made by the staff here and, at the time, confirmed by you. We thank you for giving us another opportunity. We sincerely hope you enjoyed your time in New Orleans. As always, if we can be of any other assistance, please don't hesitate to contact us. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Managercasey.callaiswhitneyHotel.com
Nice locationGood staff Th rooms need to be Aired and to ne cleaned.Th breakfast is a shameTh location is goodWe dont recommanded this hotel as for th quality or th rooms as for the quality of th breakfast server into plastic platesDear Guest,Thank you very much for visiting our hotel and for sharing the details of your stay. Our culture is to ensure that we create the best experience for each and every one of our guests. We are disappointed that you experienced some issues and we did not meet your expectations. Please know that we are working on upgrading our product in the near future. We are sorry that is was not up to expectations this time. I have shared your review with my colleagues so we can address these concerns for our future guests. Because of honest feedback we are able to constantly improve ourselves among the marketplace.
