This hotel was nice and quiet. Did not know, there was train track near by. But it was only few train passed during our stay. Best Western changed hotel classification. The Plus category are not the same as before.
We stayed in the king suite with the separation between the bedroom and the living space. The sofa bed wasn't very good I had back discomfort by the day we left on our three night stay. The room is clean, and the king bed very comfortable. This hotel is located within walking distance to most places you will want to... More
Parking was horrible, somebody ran into my rental car while staying there. I didn't get to try the breakfast, I was there for business so the restaurant opened to late for the business world to enjoy, I had to asked for coffee for my room, And the items in the vending machine were stale.
Not cheap but excellent location. Price is somewhat standard for not hacing reservations. But room was nice and clean. They offer good continental breakfast which is a plus and compensates. Front desk service and personnel where excellent. It is Carmel, no A/C in rooms but they have a fan for air circulation.
If you get the room that they advertised on the website and for what you paid, you may be lucky.If you stay many days , they will give you the not so good rooms.Nobody wants to stay in these rooms: low light/dark rooms, near pool, noisy, smelly bathrooms, or difficult access. If you stay one-two days you will get probably... More
This is such a fun, lovely hotel. The attention to detail is impressive, from the thicker rimmed water glasses to the extra fluffy towels. Loved the vibrant art which lends itself to a hip vibe. My only disappointment was at their restaurant, the Lockbox. The menu is just trying too hard. I am a fairly adventurous eater but each of... More
We recently stayed at this hotel on a trip to Lexington with other friends. Our group shared the feeling that we would not be back. We routinely waited more than 10 minutes for elevators. The workout room is tiny with 2 treadmills and 2 cheap elliptical machines that rocked off the floor when in use. Everything about the hotel seemed... More
I reserved a room a week in advance, knowing a motel is usually not great accommodations but we were just passing thru during the longest yard sale. I was quoted 50 over the phone and given our room numbers as a confirmation number and she...More
MoreMore
Hello, I have traveled a lot and abroad and by far this is the worst place i have ever booked. i paid got the key and walked in. OMG the place is HORRIBLE. this place is one of those hotels they show in horror movies where they kill people. I kid you not! this place is horrible. i only stayed... More
This is a new Hampton Inn and is well decorated. The color scheme gives a feeling of luxury and is very restful. The beds are comfortable and the black out curtains keep the room dark for a good nights sleep. The entrance is a little difficult to find so look closely for the sign. The staff was very friendly and... More
I stayed here for three nights while I explored nearby Santa Barbara. This place is ok for a night or two, if you can live the excess noise coming from the freeway, then three nights is just about doable
Completely accommodating hotel! I booked a reservation last minute day of, used points to offset the cost and even called the front desk to ask for a little help. They were completely kind and welcoming, especially accommodating while under construction. Thank you!
The water is very hot and there's no cold water at all... It's awful.. The food is not good.. The staff is friendly and very nice.. More upscale items should be offered for the price of the room at 200. A night! Snacks, toiletries, menus and food and drinks offered.. Promote your business... I'm sorry to hear we didn't exceed your expectations but thank you for bringing these issues to our attention. We take your feedback seriously and will share it with the staff. I hope we'll get another opportunity to make a better impression when you return to New Orleans. Feel free to contact me if you would like to discuss your stay further. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Great staff and rooms. Housekeeping was always spot on--we never saw them come in, and it was in perfect order when we came back to our rooms. The hotel is close to everything, French Quarter, museums, business district, etc. And we got a GREAT price for our stay. It's an excellent value--highly recommend to anyone visiting New Orleans!
This Hotel, formerly a prestigious bank, may be attractive for history buffs, but is an expensive and horrible place to stay when you visit New Orleans. The rooms are SMALL, unattractive, with terrible old bedding, virtually without windows or amenities. Parking was 38/day, and it took 35 min. to get your vehicle. Almost no lobby or sitting area, the restaurant was small, understaffed, with a severely limited menu. The commode was crammed into a tiny bathroom, and we had to call down to get them to bring up an old beat-up refrigerator. There are SO Many other more attractive places to stay in New Orleans, less expensive, I would avoid this place like the plague.Thank you for your review. I'm sorry to hear that we did not exceed your expectations but we'll use this information to provide better services in the future. Thank you for giving us the opportunity to hear about your visit. Sincerely,Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Very accommodating staff. Competitive pricing for downtown N.O. convenient location. Comfortable room. Good food in restaurant. Broken exercise equipment. 'fitness club' is a bit of a misnomer. We can recommend this to anyone else for a good place to stay with great location for many attractions.Thank you very much for your comments about your most recent stay with us at the Whitney Hotel! We are working on getting updated exercise equipment and I'm sorry it wasn't ready for you by the time you arrived. I am happy to hear that you had such an enjoyable stay overall and we hope to see you again the next time you come to New Orleans!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
Room was much larger than I expected, and water and fridge were offered for my room - had everything I needed. Nice basic breakfast was included. Room was very clean and everyone here was friendly! Would stay again. We're thrilled to hear you had a great New Orleans experience at the Whitney Hotel. Thank you for mentioning the breakfast and the cleanliness of the rooms. Our staff strives for excellence and I'm glad to see that was provided. We hope to see you again soon. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
The Whitney Hotel is ideally located to see most of the sights of New Orleans. I would say it is a place to lay your head but I found the restaurant poor in terms of food choice and quality. The room phone did not work, no room service offered and the room can be noisy as it overlooks a major road. Overall, I think we can do better on my next trip to New Orleans.Thank you mentioning how you enjoyed the location and cleanliness of the Hotel, I'll pass that information along. I'm sorry to hear about the telephone and will have Engineering test the line. On behalf of the Management of the restaurant, please accept my apologies. I'll make sure they get a copy of this review. Thank you again for your candid comments and we'll use this information to provide better services in the future. If we can be of any other assistance, please don't hesitate to contact us. Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
This is an old hotel in very good location. A 5 minute walk to Bourbon Street and Harrahs' Casino. A 15 min walk will get you to Caffe DuMonde and the French Market. Although old, the hotel is well kept and the staff is efficient. I found the room a little bit small, but confortable.Thank you for your recent stay at the Whitney Hotel in New Orleans! We're glad to hear you enjoyed your visit and look forward to hosting you again soon. Please don't hesitate to contact us directly for your next New Orleans get-a-way!Sincerely, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
The hotel is historic and yet modern. Full of history. The hotel is conveniently located in the heart of New Orleans. Blocks from the French Quater and the Riverfront. The staff was very courtis and very knowledgeable. Always there to help get you where you want to be. Just one block to Mothers one of the local best restaurants. Totally enjoyed my stay On behalf of the staff at the Whitney Hotel, thank you so much for your recent visit and for the wonderful review. We'll share your praise with our staff and sincerely hope we'll get to see you again soon. Thank you, Casey A. CallaisGeneral Manager
