Food was very bad fruit was bad coffee warm not hot because water was not hot exercise equipment broken ice machine removed from floor hotel under renovation the staff was very nice wash cloth and towels dingyMoreI want to apologize for your experience. We are undergoing lobby renovations, and I can assure you your concerns are not going unheard. I have addressed your issues with my Maintenance and Housekeeping Departments. We do hope you will allow us another opportunity to serve...More
Stayed here for 2 nights, which I was told is the mandatory minimum. Probably just for college move-in weekend I would think. Everyone from the the Valet Parking attendants to the restaurant staff at the Regatta Bar Grille, were very pleasant and professional. Only one young man was a little curt and off-putting when I called the front desk... More
Have used the Waterfront for years, through different owners, and know it will soon become Marriott. In the meantime it should close. Staff remain friendly West Virginians, although almost all were 'trainees thats the high point. Room had the dirtiest carpet I have ever seen in a hotel Dirty towel was found hanging over the shower rod. holes in the... More
We returned to this location because it's close to shopping and our son's school. This property is extremely popular for people who come into town for WVU related activities like WVU football, etc. It has an excellent bar/restaurant and exercise facility. We also took advantage of the spa located on site but not a part of the hotel (despite the... More
The beds are warm fluffy and so comfortable. The room is a basic empty trash make bed type clean. Lots of dust on office furniture chair curtains, etc. No free coffee no cookies - but parking has a daily fee even for overnight guests. Bell staff are fast courteous as well as Front Desk. However, the housekeeping staff... More
Attended a birthday party in the Grand Ball Room.. The food was OUT OF THIS WORLD GOOD!!! Hats off to the banquet staff and the chief. My overnight guest room experience was also very good. The room was clean and roomy. My bed was super comfy. The breakfast buffet that morning was also very impressive. I would stay again.
My wife and I were looking for a nice BB for one night, walking distance from downtown. We struggled to find what we were looking for, and booked a room at the Waterfront Hotel. It ended up being a great experience. The concierge was very helpful with places to eat and visit. Downtown is walking distance, and the Morgantown experience... More
The Waterfront Place Hotel has an excellent location right by a gorgeous walking/biking path. The hotel itself is very pleasant. Our room for 2 adults and 2 kids was spacious and comfortable. All hotel staff were polite and very helpful. There were two problems. The first problem was that hotel rates on a WVU game weekend exceeded what I recently... More
Stayed here for a business meeting. Great location near downtown and right on the river trail. Convenient walk to local restaurants and breweries. Parking is provided at not cost. I highly recommend it.
This is a nice hotel on the river front and close to the WVU campus. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful. The lobby is airy, and there is a restaurant. You can take a nice walk on the path along the river.
Front desk staff was very nice. The room was clean. I just stopped here for a few hours of sleep on way home so didn't experience a lot. Their breakfast was very good compared to some of the other hotel I stayed at on this trip.
Perfectly good, south of town. Lots of fishermen there for a contest. Breakfast was OK, didn't knock my socks off, but will sustain you small area for seating. Plenty of parking. Clean. Good value for the price.
I have stayed at the Blennerhassett 4 or 5 times in the past. We have family in the area, but prefer to stay at the Blennerhassett for everyone's convenience. Every time has been consistently outstanding. It is extremely clean and comfortable. The staff are warm, welcoming, and friendly. The restaurant is terrific, and my family and I had a great... More
I frequently have to travel to Parkersburg for business and always look forward to staying at the Blennerhassett. The staff is always very friendly and helpful and the rooms are clean and comfortable. The building is also very beautiful. But my favorite part is Spats Restaurant located in the hotel. They frequently have live music and always serve complimentary appetizers... More
We had my sisters baby shower in their air conditioned outside tent and it was so nice. It was the perfect size for 30-50 people and it was nice and cool and the lights were very charming. We were treated so nice from the staff and they were very accommodating. Thank you for a nice day!
The Blennerhasset is a lovely historic hotel. The rooms are well done, quiet and super clean. The staff is the nicest we have encountered anywhere Food at Spats is good. We have stayed here multiple times, as a couple and with a group of friends. There are public area that are great for socializing if you don't want to hang... More
This hotel was dirty and outdated. The staff was very nice but we will not stay at this hotel again. All of the furnishings have obvious wear and tear. Our floor had food crumbs. My husband had to go get the vacuum cleaner and vacuum the carpet. The sink had not been cleaned. The carpet was old, dirty and stained.
My boyfriend and I was looking for a few days away from our regular busy lives. After looking online we choose the Best Western Charleston Plaza! I called and spoke with a friendly guy on the phone by the name of Travis he was very helpful with setting up our room for the 2 nights we were going to stay.... More
I've stayed at the Hampton Elkins, West Virginia for four years and my experience has always been excellent. The staff are always willing to help and very pleasant. The complimentary breakfast is great.
My husband is from Elkins and we planned to visit family and go to a southern gospel concert during this weekend. We needed a place to stay and the Hampton Inn had great reviews and I like the idea of breakfast being included in the price. The Inn did not disappoint us at all and we would go back.
This is one of only a handful of times I have stayed at Hampton Inns. For the most part it was great. Unfortunately the tub in my room would not drain so while you showered you stood in water up to your ankles. Other wise the room was very clean, the linens were clean,the breakfast was fine and if I... More
My wife and I stayed here one night on this trip. We've been here before and liked it. A clean facility, pleasant staff, safe feeling on the edge of town. My only cons, and these are small, are the small tv (computer monitor size) and the bed isn't the pillow top we like most of all. Other than those, it's... More
