We ate breakfast there. What a treat... their pancakes are larger than their plates and the morning we were there, strawberry pancakes was their special. Quaint, old building in beautiful mountain stream setting. Great service too.
Room was clean and comfortable. Friendly staff. Convenient location. Good place for families, couples, or business travelers. Did miss not having a workout facility, though not a big deal. This was a 10,000 Marriott points hotel -- and we have stayed in 20,000 point places that were less than satisfying.
Disappointed that they don't have a work out facility. Otherwise it is a typical Fairfield. Bed was a little worn down mattress wise. Staff was attentive though my compatriot had key issues. Reasonable price. Neighborhood was a little funky.
My boyfriend and I were passing through Great Falls on the way back from Glacier National Park. We spent the night at the Fairfield Inn and it was just the right place to stop. Great value for the price and everything was clean. I would recommend this place to anyone making a quick stop in Great Falls!
Stayed for 2 1/2 months this summer. Great breakfast variety. Friendly staff. Very comfortable king suite. Restaurant's are within walking distance. Dinner social's a plus! Free washers and dryers also.
This is a great motel!! The staff is unbelievable and so helpful. Great Breakfast, we stay here all the time and will again. I would recommend to anyone staying with a family or on business. Super place to stay. great parking.
This was exactly what we needed. We were at that point in a vacation when there's no escaping the dirty laundry and the Staybridge Suites delivered. There was no charge to use their washers and dryers, and plenty of things to do around the hotel while we were waiting. My son and I picked up some food at a nearby... More
For a deluxe 3 room suite with kitchenette, this sucked. 2 burner stove top, no oven or broiler. No table of suitable size or height for eating. Should have taken the clue. Tried to cook a steak using the supplied fry pan. Melted some butter, tossed in the steak, smoke ensued as expected. But rather than evacuating the smoke, the... More
Friendly and accommodating. A bit pricy but considering all you get it is a good deal. Nice kitchen facilities, comfortable large room, great breakfast and Tues.- Thurs. they have dinner (soup and sandwiches, hamburgers and salad). Nice location to all of Missoula.
Missoula does not have any five star hotels but it does have Staybridge Suites. This is part of the IHG group and I was quite surprised. The lobby reception is simple but there was a nice fire place area, media room and breakfast space. There was a full gym, small pool and basketball court. My room was on the 3rd... More
Let me first say I had the pleasure of staying in this hotel for the past 6 months. Now generally staying that long in a hotel can be a burden, but not here. The staff was amazing all the way from the Sales Manager and GM down to the Cleaners and Maintenance man. They truly went out of their way... More
A very nice new hotel. Room very nice for the longer term traveler. Excellent kitchenette. Unlike some with kitchenette they have a hot breakfast available. I had breakfast potatoes and sausage other things were available the attendant was friendly. Will stay here again. Have stayed at others in town this is new favorite.quiet hallways and nice staff.
This was my second time staying and it was great! The evening dinner was a a welcome addition after a long day on the road. My room was spotless and the hotel staff was fantastic. Great place to stay.
Didn't even know this hotel was there. Turns out is relatively new to the area and a pleasant surprise. The staff was very friendly and offered to help get my luggage up to my room. Enjoyed breakfast in the morning. Very nice.
We stayed only one night recently and were very impressed. What a nice surprise. Staff was very friendly, and the place is very clean and modern. Our room was large and had all we needed to stay much longer. Bed was very comfortable. Complimentary dinner on the night we stayed and a nice breakfast in the morning. I will definitely... More
I have stayed here twice and have had nice stays both times. The staff is always warm and friendly. The breakfast is good and has a good selection of items to choose from. The pool area is nice and well maintained. The room was clean and comfortable with nice amenities. The only complaint I have is that they do not... More
Was in town for a basketball tournament, and stayed here. Big mistake. The rooms smelled like rotten food or something. There were wires sticking out of the heater as if somebody was working on it. The rooms were very dated and the beds were not comfortable. Would be better off at a motel 6 for the money. On my second... More
Took my wife for a ski trip on her Birthday in mid February. I booked the Residence Inn in Bozeman and Fairfield Inn with the same non-refundable terms. (Note: both are Marriott family hotels) The Good 1) Easy check-in 2) Reasonably clean 3) Candy bar at check-in for Elite (Not a big deal but nice) The Bad 1) I had... More
This little hotel offers the basic amenities, continental breakfast, wifi that works and convenient location. Our room was very clean, quiet (with windows closed), and bed was comfortable (pillows were a bit hard). This place is next to a cemetary, but that didn't bother us. Front desk staff was exceptionally warm and welcoming! We would definitely stay here again.
We've traveled from OR to IL and back w/ dogs, this was the best place we stayed. Great rooms, great price, sauna, bfast, can't beat it! Staff was really friendly, rooms clean, quiet, w/ wi-fi, fridge, microwave, and the same HBO TV as the speedy places.
Second time staying here for a fishing trip. This time selected a kitchen unit that was well supplied, very clean and comfortable. Can either cook in or eat out. Friendly staff, easy check ins round out a great place to stay.
The best decision I've made recently, was choosing this great motel in the very pleasant community of Philipsburg. Great host, very friendly and knowledgeable of the immediate area. The price, I think, was to low for a great clean room with all the necessary items you need in a room like micro, refrig, coffee pot and tv with satellite connection.... More
Are you desperate for a place to sleep other than your car This place is for you. There is running water, a toilet, a shower stall, and what was at one time a bed. I love to visit Pburg, and because our trip was one of necessity and last minute, there was no room anywhere else in town, so after... More
Nice old amd smalller historic hotel. Basically operates like a Bed and Breakfast in a restored upper story historic hotel / boarding house space on main street. Parking and entrance is at the back. Small, private rooms redone with vintage flare and private bathrooms. Healthy option continental breakfast offered. Cozy main room / lounge with wood stove, library, and dining... More
The hotel owner could not have been more accommodating and trusting. The rooms are beautifully decorated, quiet and comfortable. We enjoyed our first night and woke up to a spectacular continental breakfast waiting for us. Our hat is off to the Broadway hotel and the lovely dog friendly town of Phillipsburg!
I had a lovely time at the Broadway Hotel. Sue was a gracious hostess, the rooms ooze charm and character, and the location cannot be beat! Sue provides a delicious breakfast spread each morning and a cozy sitting room in which to gather, relax or play games.
Just returned from our trip to Montana. We stayed here at the Broadway Hotel in the Britannia Room and Suite which was delightful. The owner Sue was welcoming and felt like family. Philipsburg with every other building on the National Register of Historic Places is a delightful town to stop by in.
We stayed two nights here and were very pleansantly surprised that everything written about the hotel is true. It was built in 1912 but remodeled in 1995 with all the modern conveniences yet kept the old, elegant feel of a grand hotel. Room was great, breakfast was amazing, the popcorn and cookies each afternoon were a nice perk. The bed... More
On our way to Glacier, spent one night at this historic hotel. Location is great, middle of everything. Really enjoyed the staff and they did a great job in making you feel welcome. The rooms are 'fine', but we did not spend time in our rooms, too much to enjoy in this neat downtown. Hope to return someday, but will... More
The staff here go way above and beyond almost to make you feel a part of a family. They are friendly, helpful, and ready with suggestions for local activities, restaurants, and sites to see. We had left binoculars in one of our rooms and they called and emailed each of us almost before we realized it to let us know... More
Great historic hotel. Not a bad price. Great bed. Outstanding service. In a great neighborhood within a great town. I left an item in the room and they tracked me down and mailed it back to me. They called me, I didn't have to call them. If you go to Kalispell, stay at the Kalispell Grand Hotel. Did I say... More
Beautifully restored hotel in downtown Kalispell. We stayed here 2 nights. One on the way to Glacier National Park and one night in the way back. Warm welcoming. Not your typical chain hotel continental breakfast, healthy choices that were home made and even a gluten free offering. Popcorn in the evening as well as cookies and coffee during the day.... More
Good location. Clean, roomy, convenient. Breakfast is coffee and cake. Would stay there again. Reasonable price. Expect a little train noise. After all this is the Hi Line and all the towns are along the train route. Friendly staff.
We stopped at the Hampton while on our road trip across western Montana. Our one night stay was great! Clean and quiet rooms. Room was spacious for the two of us. Bed was comfortable. Bathroom was clean. Front desk house staff was helpful.
As a Diamond Elite member of the Hilton hotel chains, I stay in a lot of Hampton Inns. By far this is the nicest Hampton property I have ever stayed in. In fact, it is nicer than the Hilton Garden Inn just down the street...MoreThank you for the awesome review! We appreciate your loyalty to the Hilton Family and taking the time to fill out a review about your stay! We are happy to hear that you were able to enjoy our hotels amenities during your stay. We hope...More
We were traveling through the area at night and had vehicle troubles. We woke the owner up to get a room and even though it was, late he was kind enough to take the time to look up some phone numbers that might help us in the morning. He also left the breakfast table to get his battery charger so... More
My family and I had an incredible time at The Lodge. We stayed in a family room and it was the perfect size for the four of us, equipped with a microwave and refrigerator too. The dcor was everything wed hoped for, log cabin style walls/ceiling and we were also told that all the log furniture was made in Montana.... More
I've stayed at the Pioneer Lodge- located in the one of the most historic buildings in one of Montana's most historic towns-, on 12 summer vacations. I've brought many other friends and family members with me over the years to Fort Benton and we always...More
While cycling across Montana, and friend and I came across this little gem in Fort Benton. From the street it doesn't look really like a hotel (its in a historic former mercantile storefront), but don't judge a book by its cover. The owners, Susie and...More
If you are looking for a clean, older motel, with a decent matress at a cheaper price, with no extras what so ever, than this is for you. The only other motel in town is Super 8, whose rate starts at 80 plus taxes. Super 8 has no pool, which usually inflates their rates. I feel this is a lot... More
