I really wanted to like the Chelsea, and I DO, in many ways. Pros: Good look, great location, good restaurant in lobby, nice beds and sheets, wifi and the desk helpful and superfast (can't understand complaints in other comments.) The women there were friendly and found us alternatives when the two annex rooms we were first given BOTH smelled strongly of mildew. The rooms we moved into smelled better but it would have been nice if the doors to their terraces locked. I play poker and sometimes leave cash in the room--or I do when I can lock it in. Also, lights broken in one and smoke alarm beeping in another of the 4 rooms: not a big deal, easily fixed, but not a sign of close attention, either. Tower might well be a different story, but l I would say, for now: avoid the annex.
Stayed at The Chelsea over Easter weekend.... Got a promo through living social. Great deal, although it was for the Annex section of the hotel :( Comfy bed, but that's about it. The bathroom ws sooo small, and the shower lacked water presser. Who stays in the room anyway
After booking the annex, I read several bad reviews and was a bit worried about our stay.We arrived and were pleasantly surprised, the annex is not as nice as the main hotel but was less expensive. Beach access was the best.. great guys doing set ups. Bed was clean and very comfortable. Staff was great. We will be back!!
Stayed at The Annex for a night. Room key did not work after we checked I had to walk all the way down to front desk to get another. Room was clean but had a moldy smell about it, I would have left if I had another place to go. The worst part about this hotel is that I put my credit card down to hold the room and upon checking out took care of the stay in cash. Charge was removed from credit card, 2 weeks later charge shows up again and my bank processed it The hotel has been unresponsive and bank will not take the charge off my card I never stay at this hole again.
So I booked this room before looking at the reviews. Honestly, your opinion is all going to vary upon your expectations. Almost everything that everyone wrote was true. The paper states 2 queen beds, which were actually full beds. The beds were probably the best thing in the room. The dresser drawers do continue to open, so there may also be ghost in there. It had a bathroom, the toilet ran the entire time, but it worked. The bathrooms are very outdated, but everything worked. The shower was clean and water pressure sucked per expected. Now.. one of the nastiest things is looking up and seeing vomit all over the bathroom moldings, all I wondered was how did that get there The elevator was suspect and you could possibly fear for your life until it opens. I can see myself staying there again, if the price is right. Like I said, its all on your expectations. I didn't expect much, so it turned out not that bad. Good location. The downstairs diner food was good.
Halloween weekend a friend and I booked a room at the Annex so we could enter into the various Halloween contests at the Tropicana. A room at the Tropicana was too expensive for our budget so we booked at the Annex which is next door to the Tropicana. The neon red light that says The Annex was the first giveaway something was wrong. We started joking about ladies of the night and hourly rates as soon as we saw it. Then there was a blinking red light pointing upstairs and again we joked about older married men that need a place to bring young nave women. The hallways were Big Bird Yellow and the carpet was old and moldy in the hallways. The room was worse. There was a horrible smell in the room, the white lamp shades were egregiously stained and pieces of the bathroom floor tile were missing. I complained about the smell and I was given an upgrade at the Chelsea which was 100 times better than the Annex. I honestly think they will upgrade anyone that complains. If you don't complain and you aren't upgraded it will be the worse hotel you have ever stayed at - guaranteed.
Well trip was booked without looking here first. Figured ok well we will go and see how it is thinking it is only to sleep and rest. Got to room and lights didnt work, patio door was a nightmare to open. to mini frig, very poor service in diner, room was almost alive with smells and dirt. We stayed from Sun to Wed. now the diner service was very bad but had 30 daily for food and was not going to let it go to waste. But the wait was long and slow. Staff seemed to be more interested in texting or smoking or anything but service. Housekeeping seemed to be doing best they could with available supplies. Seen floor cleaner sitting in hall on 1st floor for almost 24 hours. The bed itself was not to bad. Always go on trips with my own pillows as i hate the ones in hotels. Internet was worse than dial up. Truck came out of valet with dings on rear on both sides. not a good time dealing with all the small issues. next time more money to go to maybe ocean city n.j. or wildwood. not into casinos so that was not reason to go there. grrrrr what a waste...
By far the most disgusting place I have ever seen let alone slept in and I wouldn't have stayed more than 10 seconds if it wasn't paid for by work... 2 nights in a room with blood in the bathroom, crusty stains on floor and mold in shower was scary.
This hotel is horrible. Do not waste your money, you will be disappointed. It is dirty, the staff is horrible and is nowhere to be found at night. The front desk even closes early. There was a fight outside of my room which went on for 45 minutes. No one ever came to see what was going on. I called the front desk but there was no one there to answer the call. Nightmare of a hotel.
Before booking this hotel I was already having anxiety reading all the negative reviews. Considering it was memorial day weekend and nearly everything was sold out we had no choice but to stay here. The location is prefect, right by the Tropicana, and a walking distance to Ceasers. The elevator is a bit sketchy, the halls smell a little funny but the room wasn't as bad as I expected. The bathroom needs some renovations, and bed sheets had a few stains on them but for the price and location on such a busy weekend was do-able. Take your own sheets and you'll be fine.
There are two different sections to this hotel: the nice part, called The Chelsea, and the not so nice part, called The Annex at The Chelsea. When I made the reservation, it was not specified which section my room would be in. I guess I ended up booking a room in the Annex part, which was obviously falsely advertised. They must use the picture from their nicer rooms to advertise because this room was a piece of crap. Crumbs on the floor, chewed gum on the bed headboard, lineoleum sink top was peeling off, dresser drawers were broken, and dust everywhere. Thumbs wayyyy down!
Called the hotel prior arrival to get more info but each time I get someone that's so rude over the phone. When we arrived at the hotel there was a huge line at check-in. The front desk agent was cold and didn't even make eye contact or greet us. We checked into the Annex side of the building...OMG how disgusting the Annex is!!! Better off at Motel 6! The elevator is so old scary...looks like from a horror movie. The hallway leading to our room was dark and dingy with broken lights. We couldn't find our room 205 because there was missing door on our door...we just guessed which room it was and stuck our key in and it worked. The bathroom was a nasty pink color with musty mildew around the dirty gray tub. Bathroom tiles on the floor was old, scratched, stained chipped! I found tiny hairs around the base of the toilet and sink. The carpet wall in the room were full of stains as well. We wore shoes at all times trying to avoid stepping on the stains. We asked for a wakeup call at 9am but they nevered called to wake us up. We woke up late at 10:30am and missed breakfast. Called the front desk to complain about not recieving a wake up call got Garry over the phone he implied that maybe we overselpt the wakeup call...His implications were RUDE obnoxious! I asked him for a late checkout and he offered extra 30min...How cheap stingy is that! Most hotels in AC have a 12pm checkout time... this place offers 11am checkout with 30mins late checkout! CHEAP! CHEAP! CHEAP! Tropicana offered me 4pm late checkout once FREE of charge. I will never stay at this disgusting place again! AVOID at all cost!
We stayed in the Annex, and the room and bathroom were both small. The room we had, one of the beds appeared to be broken. At the very least, the headboard was broken. However, it was has a nice location on the boardwalk, although slightly far from what appears to be the heart of it. Staff was friendly, food was decent, which was nice as the package we had included a food voucher and parking.One thing I still don't understand is why there was a pole (to support the ceiling perhaps) on the side of one of the beds. This massive pole, maybe 2.5 ft. by 2.5 ft., right where my head could hit if I weren't careful waking up in the morning. They should find a way to do something about this.Staff was very friendly and helpful. If you're just looking for a place to sleep while in AC, it's not a bad choice.
The desk staff was very polite and helpful. The room was small as was the bathroom but it worked fine as we were only in the room to sleep at night. The outside pool is nice and has fantastic food service, although a bit overpriced. The hotel is decorated in a retro style which we all appreciated. They even have a beach service where the staff will bring out lounge chairs and set up a beach umbrella for their guests. I'm sure we'll be back.
I had a HORRIBLE experience at the this hotel last summer. So bad I ended up checking out at 6am (as soon as the 1st Greyhound was leaving) and I still haven't heard anything from them about my stay, the money I wasted on this disgusting and dirty experience. I HAD TO SLEEP IN MY CLOTHES because I didn't want to touch anything. And has anyone noticed the hotel is only responding to good reviews HEY HOTEL MANAGEMENT!!!!! What do you have to say about my horrible stay How are you going to make it right
We read some of the reivews, such as not on the boardwalk, etc. We are a couple in mid to late 40's. Our room was in the annex with the Chelsea St view. There was a little balcony but we didn't use it, it only had a view of the pawn store, but we didn't care about the view. The room was nice, one drawback was we were right outside the elevator and did hear the bell ring at times, but am a bit of a heavy sleeper. We did go up to the 5th floor pool to see what was going on, seemed to be a younger crowd. We had the voucher for the restaurant, we used that both days for breakfast, which was good. We checked in later Friday evening and had no problems. We left the car in valet all weekend, instead we walked. We got the car out on Sunday at check out and it was only about a 10 minute wait. Would consider going back, think this was way nicer then the Inn of the Dove in Egg Harbor.
I didn't expect Ceasar's Palace but also didn't expect a view of prostitutes and drug dealers directly outside my window. The staff was rude,the room smelled, the elevator was a thrill ride and the indoor pool was an outdoor pool due to the recent collapse of the roof. Given the choice of sleeping on the beach or this hotel I would take the beach!
My boyfriend and I just returned from The Chelsea after our stay on Saturday the 12th. We are both local (we both live in Absecon, 10 minutes outside of Atlantic City). Since we live so close, we rarely splurge and spend the on a room for one evening. This year we wanted to celebrate Valentine's day with a special treat. Our friend Eddie, an employee of the Chelsea, suggested spending a night there. We looked online and were really excited by the photos. We appreciated the art deco decor and throwback feel of the hotel. When we checked in, the front desk employee informed us that we would be in the Annex portion of the hotel. Our room was A DISASTER!! Main lamp was broken, shower mat was filthy, shower head completely off the wall, tv did not work, the toilet did not fliush and the room WAS NOTHING LIKE what was portrayed on the website. When we went to the front desk, the manager said there was nothing they could do about the room or the toilet. He said he would comp our breakfast the next morning. We found out later that the Annex portion of the hotel was being gutted next week. That is all well and good, but this should have been made clear when the reservation was made. Its a shame that locals get treated so poorly.
We have stayed at the Ballys all the other times at Atlantic City. We thought we would try The Chelsea this time and I am glad we did. Far nicer room, far nicer people, the parking was easier. All around better stay. Thank you Chelsea. We will see you again.
Hi Guys - I am not going to say I am a connoisseur of a traveler, but when I see something not worthy of the Benjamin's I am putting out, I am going to say something.My friends 50th birthday and I got commissioned in booking the hotel for 15 grown men in AC. The pictures from the Chelsea hotel website are not bad (DONT GET FOOLED!) and hence I booked it for 15 of my friends. On arrival we were told we are not in the main tower but the side building the Annex (Annex - the hotel website does not have pictures from the Annex, how could they!). The walk from the lobby to the Annex was pretty shady, the elevator looked like the freight elevator, the hallway from the elevator to the room had used furniture and appliances lying on the floor, on arriving in the room the decor was piecemeal together (nothing matched), the room had stains all over the carpet, on taking the shower (I was hammered by the time I got in the shower - still wondering why did I go to the shower) there was slim in the bath tub. This wonderful (pun intended) experience cost as 199 a night. I think they should have paid me, considering the hazing I got and have been getting from my 14 friends ever since.If you want to experience Hotel Transylvania please book at the Chelsea.
My fiance and I have a one year old daughter and wanted to have a nice night out just the two of us. I had only heard good things about the Chelsea, and the price range was very good for a Saturday night. We checked in around 10:30 pm. The first room they gave us had a leak in the bathroom, resulting in water all over the floor. The bathrooms were so outdated - like straight out of the 50's tile etc. We called maintenance and they sent us to another room. The bed was decent, but everything else was falling apart. The shower head was coming out of the wall, and when you turned the shower on water leaked all over because there were holes in the tile near the knobs. The light fixture in the room was busted in. It was just grimey and disgusting. Oh, and I can't leave out the fact that our room overlooked the lovely streets of Atlantic City where we heard EVERY car system bumping, people yelling, sirens and other loud noises all night long. Plus the fact that we heard every noise from the rooms next to us, people BANGING on doors, running and yelling down the hallway. Neither of us slept a wink, which was the whole purpose of our peaceful night out. After being up all night, finally at 5 am we proceeded to the front desk to check out. We told them that we never complain, but it was a terrible experience and I even showed them the pictures I had taken of everything that was broken and dirty in our room. Not to mention the entire building smelled like marijuana and vomit. They didn't even give us a refund, nor offered to comp anything. I WILL NEVER COME HERE AGAIN OR REFER PEOPLE HERE! So much for a nice, quiet, romantic night out!!!!
So there is the nice side the Chelsea, but when that side is sold out, the website does not tell you and directs you to book at room at The Annex at The Chelsea. OMG, it is like a motel. The room had duck tape on the connecting door to the next room, the front door wouldn't lock. The TV was old and small, There wasn't internet connection on this ghetto side of the Chelsea. Walking to the darkside, the hallway was dim and the elevator was frightening. You gambled with your life each trip on that thing. Be careful and stay on The Chelsea side, do not venture to the motel The Annex at the Chelsea.
After carefully reviewing places to stay, my friend and I decided on The Annex at the Chelsea. The photos looked nice and the reviews were good. Also, the amenities were good for that price point and location. We were greeted by the friendly and welcoming valet staff. We entered a nice lobby and the desk staff was pleasant. We get our keys and head all the way down the hall. It now appears that The Annex is not quite The Chelsea and should not be called The Annex at the Chelsea. From what I can see, The Annex was a small motel/hotel that was next door to The Chelsea, went out of business and The Chelsea decided to take it over. A really bad move for the Chelsea. The elevators were small and needed to be serviced, the carpet in the hall was nasty. Thanks for the dim lighting we were not able to see what the carpet really looked like. I really couldnt believe the bright neon lights on each floor. The neon lights made this place look even cheaper. We enter our room in disbelief. It felt like a prison. There were no real windows and the room had a weird smell. Not to mention, the dated furniture. We head back to the front desk to request a different room. We get a different room, not quite great but a little better. I do not recommend staying here. It is unbelievable the prices they charge for such a terrible place. This space should not be associated with The Chelsea. I recommend The Annex at the Chelsea be burned down and rebuilt.
The Chelsea itself is a pleasure to stay at, however, stay clear of The Annex. The Chelsea and it's owners (same as Congress Hall in Cape May) should be mortified having their name associated with this wing of the hotel. It felt like a low budget refugee motel. Upon entering our room we promptly called the front desk and had our room upgraded to the other side of The Chelsea and out of The Annex. The whole feel of the Annex was dirty, banged-up and worn out. The bathroom was something straight out of the 70's and not the boho-chic 70's. The furniture in the room was below standard and reminded me of poor garage sale finds. If The Annex underwent a huge refresher...you would have a gem on your hands.
we had a fine stay for the price we paid.nice place,going back soon.
We stayed in the annex area of the Chelsea, which is the older area. I thought the rooms were good in size. We had 2 Queen beds with a balcony that overlooked the pool area. This area had some areas that needed work but overall was a cute place to stay at the end of the boardwalk. We ate at both the chelsea prime on the 5th floor and the diner style restaurant on the bottom level of the annex. Both were good, the prime was a bit over priced for the small portions of food we received. We tried the club area also on the 5th floor but because we got there pretty early in the night, there wasn't much going on. It was a nice large space I'd like to go back to if I am in AC again. They advertise a swim up bar, but neither pools have this. They are just both next to a bar. They had valet parking(extra charge), however, they lost our car and we were left waiting for 20 minutes until they found where they parked it.
So The Chelsea is running an excellent ruse...you walk in to the lobby, which is sleek, shiny, modern and fab. You are checked in by excellent staff and then you are directed to the Annex..The Annex is an horrible shabby motel, decor is straight out of the 70's, the room was slightly grubby and the bathroom made me shudder. The drawers on the unit in the bedroom kept sliding open and hitting you if you happened to be passing. The door to our room had a 2inch gap, so you got cold air in the room and every single sound from the corridor.They do not advertise the Annex the way it should be advertised, they make out it is the same as the rest of the Chelsea. The exorbitant New Year's Eve rate is a disgrace for that room - I would have gone to the Motel across the street, had I realised I would be staying in a motel anyway
Rooms are clean. Beds pretty comfortable. Bathroom counter needs updating as it was peeling apart. We've stayed in many hotels/motels and know not to put the card keys near electronics and other cards in pockets. The room keys only worked for one day. Had to go down each day to have the cards reactivated. Front desk has no idea why this happens. Found it a huge inconvenience.
They literally could not pay me to stay here again.Rewind 24 hours ago...check in seems fine. The place has a musty smell and everything is extremely run down - but okay, fine, its one night. Go to an elevator behind the diner. The elevator is barely in service. There is a blinking neon sign that reminds you that this is definitely not a 4 star hotel. The walls and carpets are drab/dark and the lighting is dim.First room we go in, okay seems fine, upon further inspection a GIGANTIC hole in the wall. Called the front desk and they could not have seemed more apathetic. No, OMG we are so sorry! Instead there was okay we will change it... fine....Second room, smells like ciggarettes but okay. Another smaller hole in the wall, but everything else seems okay. We go out, come back around 1 get ready for bed and lie down. Fiance and I cannot sleep with out noise so we turned on the AC - only heat came out, so we tried to sleep without it. Think again! This is where our nightmare began - you will hear every noise in atlantic city. From a bum sneezing, to some frat kids screaming, to some bachelorettes flirting with the frat guys I think I heard it all. I ended up going in the hall way and screaming some profane things at them.Cut to 5 am..this is still occuring. In fact, one of the frat guys smashed into our door with his entire body and screamed oh S*it I finally gave in and went to the front desk and asked them if they could do something - they sent two security guards (who to their credit were very nice) but could not do much to help. NEedless to say, we checked out immediately. The manager could not do much but gave us a credit. I Will be disputing the charge on my credit card. My favorite part - as we were walking out, blood was smeared all over the wall! Guessing it was one of the idiots that decided 5 am was a good time for a hallway wrestling match.IF you are thinking about staying here - think again! It is dirty, disgusting, run down and nothing like the pictures on the website. I actually think the fact that they even have those pictures on the website has to be illegal/unethical.
The hotel was great and the staff was pretty friendly. The room was good and the view was pretty good too. I room was comfortable. I would recommend this hotel if you're going to Atlantic city. It was closed to major shopping areas and the cab fare wasn't too much.
We were planning a trip to Atlantic City for a long weekend and hotel prices were high. The Annex at the Chelsea looked like a good, affordable option. Forget the good.The hotel is located a couple of blocks away from the beach, next to The Chelsea which is the main hotel. However, do not think that they have made equal effort to keep both hotels in good condition... The Annex seems like a old, forgotten building which has not seen a painter, a handyman or a cleaning person in a long time.Our room was old, had stains and smelled like an old, humid room which has not seen ventilation in years. The beds were not confortable, the carpets were dirty and there was a ton of noise. It was just bad.It is just a pity because the hotel has a vintage, mad men decor and feeling that, if well maintained, could have made it a very interesting option. But as it is seems to be the case with Atlantic City, they are letting it die.
Decided to stay here on the spur of the moment. Not worth what we paid. It was cleanish, but extremely outdated. I think original dcor from 1967. The bathroom sink looked like an airplane sink. TV Stand, the drawers would not stay closed and there was a bottle cap and folded up paper under one leg to try to make it level. Bed not very comfortable. No windows in the room we where in. The room door barely opened and closed. If all you are looking for is a place to sleep off a hangover and don't care about anything else it would be ok. Not a romantic stay. I wont stay there again
Unfortunately the place was pretty old, even though they had renovated it a few years ago. When we first got to our floor, we heard a mom who was pretty upset saying they were getting the out of there. Another guest returned to room 421 saying, Pack up, we're changing rooms! And yet another guest went to the front desk to say the floor was wet when they checked into room 103 or 105 they were moved to another room too. We had four people in our room but only two sets of towels and one set of toiletries. There wasn't a safe in the room, though that was not explained I had to call the front desk to inquire, as the information card had directions on how to use the in-room safe (there aren't safes in The Annex, but there is one for all to use at the front desk). The TV didn't work for awhile, so i also called the front desk for that, and Maintenance came up the outlet it was plugged into was busted, so they just plugged it into another one and then it worked. The pool was okay, though we came down for one final dip before checking out at 11:30, but it was being cleaned -- at 10 on a Friday morning! No warning or any indication that it was going to be cleaned then, and a few guests besides ourselves were also waiting. There was also no mention of the beach chairs, umbrellas and towels, which I knew we had from the LivingSocial deal that brought us there to begin with only after asking the Concierge and going to the beach at 5 p.m., did we realize the service was only available until 6 p.m. The bathroom was the part of the room that showed the most age, especially the tub and shower, which ran at very low pressure and the temperatures were incorrectly labeled hot was cold and cold was hot. Room temperature was consistently cold too I had it at 85 degrees and it was still freezing.Now for some positives: The hotel's diner-type restaurant, Teplitzsky's, was awesome. Melissa was our waitress both at dinner and breakfast the following morning, and she was attentive and efficient, as well as very personable and friendly (she was also the only waitress at dinner, and one of two at breakfast). When we asked for more shampoo and conditioner at the front desk, housekeeping ended up delivering three more sets of toiletries, which was a nice surprise, though they were haphazardly thrown onto the counter in our bathroom (the sink of which was peeling off). Any time I dealt with the Front Desk, they were courteous and helpful. I thought I had left a ring upstairs after checking out, and they reprogrammed my room key to allow me back in. The jacuzzi was AWESOME, I have to admit wish I had more time to enjoy it, but I was with an 8-year-old so we were mostly at the pool. The retro decor in the lobby and hallway between the lobby and pool/restaurant were nice, as well as the Sea Spa's, but otherwise The Annex was just old. Oh, and it was great to have free wifi.Overall, it was a decent stay, but I doubt I'll be back, except maybe to try another part of the hotel, just not The Annex again. Either way, I would definitely go back to Teplitzsky's it was delicious and a great value, and they let us sit for as long as we wanted, which was great.
This place wasn't as bad as some made it out to be but I won't be seeking it out for my next stay in AC and definitely would never stay here for full price. The comment made that it's a motel attached to a nice hotel about sums it up but I'll elaborate.The hallways are pretty dingy, carpets ripped in places and neon lights on each floor which I think are meant to embrace the kitschy but just wind up just casting a glow that exacerbates the horror-movie feel of the rundown place.The room itself wasn't too bad. Small, but suited our purposes. I actually think the carpet and paint were fairly new. A really old beat up dresser but a nice flat screen atop of it and the bed and pillows were very comfortable and clean. There was also a balcony which would have been a nice touch but it was flooded with dirty water while we were there. No getting around it. The bathroom was old. Broken ugly tile, some weird yellow glaze over half the floor tiles, rust on the vanity and in the tub. But there were adequate towels, everything worked, and it seemed like everything was clean which is the more important part. The water pressure was pretty okay though the water temperature did not get very hot. Somebody else complained of their room smelling like pot and we had the same experience, I think it was coming through the bathroom vent.The part that will keep me from coming back were the thin walls. Despite the comfy beds, I got basically no sleep. It was Friday night in AC, people want to have a good time, and I can't really fault the hotel for their guests so I forgive the women who decided to belt out showtunes at 3AM directly outside our door. They were pretty good, but I'm just not a theater person. The thing that drove me craziest was the elevator. After one trip on it my husband and I opted for the stairs, but some brave souls were taking it all hours of the night and every single time they landed on our floor, I woke up. PING! Somebody commented that the elevator bell was loud and I thought they were being nit-picky but it turns out this is the loudest elevator bell I've ever heard in my life. We weren't even directly across from it and it was loud enough to act as an alarm clock every time on our floor-mates came back from the casino. We had a late check-out but couldn't leave early enough to get home and get some sleep. I would say if you're taking a trip where you know you'll be out all night and won't be getting any sleep anyway, AND you can get a deal, this isn't the worst place you could drop off your stuff.
I got a Travelzoo Offer and was eager to check out this boutique and non-gaming (no casino) hotel on the south end of the Boardwalk in between what was The Hilton (now Atlantic Club Casino) and what is still somehow The Tropicana.The Chelsea is a renovated smallish seaside hotel/motel that has been glammed up and given a hipster vibe featuring a couple of retro restaurants, a nightclub (C5) and two petite pools, the larger of the two offering cabanas five floors above street level.What you must know is that there are two towers. One, the Luxe is closer to the beach and features a bit more polish than the...Annex. The Annex is the luxe tower's ugly step sister and be clear where you are staying when making a reservation at The Chelsea as the Annex is still haunted by the ghosts of its fleabag motel past. Oh wait, those are not ghosts, those are for real and true prostitutes outside your window on Atlantic Avenue pacing back and forth and wishing they could somehow magically get out of the late 1980s, off of crack, and away from their pimps. As the Annex is only four floors high you cannot look down your nose at them from your still needing to be cleaned balcony.By the way, my balcony came security free, complete with no lock and no door handle (see pics). The room itself was clean in two dimensions only with no clock, stains on the carpets and pillows, paintings and mirrors missing, spills on the walls, and rust stains on the trash cans.A bit more grime than glam.But on the upside...The staff is lovely. Friendly and folksy. Even the black suited bouncers at the night club were attitude free. The drinks were strong enough although the DJ had the skill level of a pizzaria jukebox. Note that club admission is free to hotel guests before midnight although the joint tends to close early...2:30ish. Special mention goes out to the concierge (Michael, I think), my always eager and smiling housekeeper and Maxine behind the front desk.The crowd is out of The Real Word/Jersey Shore complete with the requisite twenty-something white girls whose shoes come off after only two hours. If you want to be treated like a big-girl walk like one...in your heels, all the way to your room honey.Decor in the public areas is just fine, and although I did not eat in any of the restaurants people seemed pleased enough.I love the concept but give the execution only a C. In the hospitality business it's always about the details and this is where The Chelsea comes up short. It's a shame that management and ownership cannot match their employee's enthusiasm and efforts to make this property something special and unique.It's also a shame that a walk down Atlantic Ave, towards the Tropicana feels dangerous. Being surrounded by real sad sack old school motels is not something that the Tourist Bureau can fix or the police can scare away.It's easy to get bored with the fake friendliness and always getting 10 less than you pay for mentality of the chain hotels of AC (Showboat, Bally's, Caesars, Harrah's, Taj...I'm looking at you.) so if you're looking for some edge and a dirt under the fingernails vibe, The Chelsea is for you.It should be a value stay so please never overpay.
I stayed one night recently in the annex. Sounds like the luxe part of the hotel overlooking the coast is a better bet. Being unfamiliar with the hotel, I was not aware of this. The annex is like a motel. The room was dingy and in need of a good cleaning and some fresh paint. Overall, it just made me feel itchy. The kid at the front desk was a bit snarky, but efficient. Otherwise, valet was fine and I didn't interact much with any other staff to offer comment. I stayed in a suite the Borgata the night before, so admittedly most AC options would've been a letdown. In hindsight I wish I would've just ponied up the money and stayed the Borgata another night. My bad, I guess.
Stayed in the 'annex' rooms. FIRST OF ALL... the elevators weren't working!! So we all had to lug our luggage up to the 4th floor!! (seriously) Walked in and it looked like an old dirty motel room that they attempted to cover up with a fresh coat of paint (that wasn't really working-chips and marks everywhere) and some cheap 'mod' furniture. When they say that the hotel is retro, it really means they were too cheap to update it from the 60s 2 star motel it must have been previously. My friends and I tried to ignore it and wanted to listen to some music and have some drinks before heading out. The ice machine wasn't working either! big surprise... okay, so what about the Ipod dock it said would be in the room None to be found... called down to the front desk and told them to get us one.. got a call back saying sorry they are all out tonight. COOL. What else The mirror that they show in the online picture above the tv/dresser wasn't there! There is only one tiny mirror in the gross bathroom. This place is really just pathetic.
Based on the website I had high expectations for The Annex at the Chelsea. Maybe if I had booked a room at The Chelsea instead of the Annex I would have been more satisfied. The bed, as advertised, was comfortable, but that was about it as far as the luxuries promised on the website went. No bedside lamp or clock, a large blank space - complete with hooks/nails - where something had hung on the wall, a chunk of plaster missing from the ceiling in the bathroom, tepid, low pressure shower, unpainted section on the bathroom door where a mirror once had hung, no lock on the sliding door to the balcony. You get the picture. Would not recommend this hotel to anyone.
Let me start with the positives. Its located next to the Tropicana. Now the negatives. It started with the 1920's elevator. You only need to ride it once to prefer climbing the stairs. It shimmies and sways for the whole ride. The stairwell and halls are dark. Thank goodness for the pink neon lights. The room was small but it was relatively clean. No stains on the beds or towels like other people found. They call this the social end of the hotel. First, its a motel and second, social means.. people that pay for rooms by the hour. Normally when you check out of a hotel, the desk clerk asks how your stay was... I guess they don't ask questions they don't want to answer to. If we had only paid 60 or less for the room I wouldn't be complaining. We got a living social deal and it was too much for this room. So if you can get this room for less than 60 then its worth it if for nothing else but the location. Word to the wise, take the stairs, dont bring a black light and sleep with one eye open.
Stayed one night on Thursday 7/26. The room and bathroom were clean, although very outdated. We were assigned to a room right next to the elevator, and could hear the rings whenever someone was taking the elevator. We were forced to pay the 15 parking and suffered the long wait for the valet. Not worth it.
Although the lobby of the hotel is nice, beyond that is a dated, tired hotel. We arrived earlier than check-in so went up to the pool deck. Lounge chair covers were stained in the private seating areas. Main deck chairs were old and dingy. Cigarette butts from the night before were still on the pool deck. Check in finally came at 3:30. There were over 55 people in line waiting and two people behind the desk checking us in. When we finally got our room in the Annex, we quickly turned around and went back down to the lobby to change it. First off, the elevator to the Annex is behind the desk of the diner and it looks like it was once the service elevator. We heard the Annex had been an old Holiday Inn. The hallway lights were partially burned out, the carpet was frayed and dated and the room smelled like disinfectant and the carpet was damp (don't know with what). The wall had a hole in it the dresser drawer was cracked and falling apart and the bathroom tiles were broken in spots. Our next room had a nice balcony with a view of the spa pool in the same worn out Annex. The spa pool was dirty and were were told that someone had thrown a glass bottle into it a couple of days back and they were waiting for a diver to come and take out the pieces of glass so they could clean it. The room didn't smell but the sliding door to the balcony was off the track so it wouldn't open and the wall had a missing large picture (someone had painted around it at one point and you could see the outline of the picture) and there was a large hole in the wall that had been covered up with electrical tape. The only bright spot was Bob, the maintenance person, who brought us a painting to cover the wall and fixed our door. Obviously the hardest working man at the Chelsea! All in all, the worst hotel room I've ever stayed in and will never return to the Chelsea. I live outside of Philadelphia and travel to Atlantic City a lot. This was my worst trip to date.
A nice place. We arrived on a Friday afternoon and were allowed to check in. The room with a balcony faced the main street, which was nice. We had the door open to get some air, and soon found out that the noise was too much. But this wasn't the hotel's fault, there was picketing going on in front of the Econo Lodge (which was next door)and they were banging on tubs and making all kinds of noise. We inquired about another room and were given a room on the other side of the building, which was very nice and quiet (it too had a balcony). The room was very clean, accomodating, and it had a comfortable bed. The resturantant attached to the hotel, had a nice breakfast buffet, the food was good and the price reasonable. The only thing I didn't like was that the hotel shared its parking lot with the Holiday Inn next to it. You parked your car there and went through the Holiday Inn to get to the Howard Johnsons. Also, the lot fills up fast with people parking their car anywhere there is a spot for a car, whether it's a spot or not. All in all a nice hotel, with good accomodations and food. The ritz it's not, but an accomodating hotel it is.
Last Thursday and Friday was our first time to the Annex. They have been very nice at the reception and upgrade us to a suite on the second floor and I was so happy. But there is a big difference!!! ...elevators are old and smelly, all night long you here the air conditions on the roof, then at five o clock on Friday we came back and the room was not done, I called and they said they would send somebody, but at 10 pm no show.. the beach service was great, but the drinks at the Cabana Beach a rip off.
We drove down to AC for a night and called The Chelsea. They never explained the difference between their Annex and main hotel. We didn't know we were staying in the Annex until we checked in. It was disgusting, loud, and felt unsafe. The hotel room doors slammed shut all night long and it was loud until 3:30 am. For 350/night you expect a much cleaner, well-maintained and professional environment. Management did not even contact us about our experience after leaving a comment card about the condition of the room, which leads you to believe they either don't care or have heard it all before. Also, you can forget about using the roof top deck that they pump up so much on their website. They try and charge you 30/person to get in, up sell you with bottle service when the environment is so scummy and gross. For every Jersey Shore Meathead present, there is a security guard covered in tattoos. It's just a weird, unsafe and uneventful scene.
The hotel itself is absolutely below reasonable standards and resembled Bates Motel or something of that sorts. The assistant manager is unprofessional and has no problem manipulating customers for a buck. I looked at reviews prior to visiting the hotel and thought that the negative reviews were merely bitter customers who wanted to rant. I WAS WRONG, this displeasure was absolutely warranted. The poor service motivated me to begin writing reviews so that future customers can be spared from this experience. If you can afford to go elsewhere, by all means GO ELSEWHERE!
My fianc and I decided to have a last minute moment of relaxation over the weekend (June 25,2016) before our upcoming July 9th wedding so we decided to hit the beach and stay for an evening. I will say the woman who helped me book over the phone was lovely and the front desk person was also wonderful. We walked into our room at The Annex on the third floor and I walked out after just 15 minutes. The front desk was called and we unfortunately could not switch rooms or hotels so we decided to just check out and leave. The room felt grimy it was scorching hot, cigarette burns on the floor, dirty ceiling and my city view was a garage. It did not smell clean or pleasant. I was so disappointed. The front desk person was VERY apologetic and said he would try to get me a full refund. I saw that this hotel was under the Cape Resorts Group and that is so sad because I have had wonderful experiences at the Virginia Hotel and Congress Hall. This was just a bad experience and waste of money that I may never be refunded, which is awful especially when its just 2 weeks before my wedding and we tried to spend our money as wisely as possible. Disheartened.***Horrible hotel but very nice people working there.
The Annex at the Chelsea has modern clean rooms. Air conditioning works well but you can't switch to heat. The front desk said they would send blankets if needed. The bathroom..was the biggest issue for me. The toilets were the smallest I have ever seen. I could not flush it. They had to send someone up to flush it . Heavy people should not go there.There were minor marks in the bathroom and grate above the shower was brown.On the other hand, the food is outstanding at Terplitzkys. The best soup I ever had. And the best eggs I ever had. Also you have use of the two pools which are outstanding ...great views,. both heated,. one more for children. The photos are accurate on the site of the pools and give you an idea of how large the rooms are. i would go there again during the summer on a monday through thursday when prices are low. The beads are very comfortable ..and it was quiet at night. The tv has many channels.
I have stayed at The Chelsea once before in the nice tower. While trying to book my trip this time I was surprised. I booked my room online and thought I booked the nice new tower again since I kept clicking on The Chelsea and not the Annex. To my surprise when I arrived I walked into a dirty room with stains on the sheets. The chair in the room looked from the 70's with stains as well, was afraid to sit on the bed. When I returned to the front desk to speak with the manager and get a nicer room in the tower I booked or refund my money, he was very rude and arrogant. He refused to refund and said I booked wrong even though I kept telling him I kept clicking on The Chelsea. The customer service was horrible the room was dirty and needless to say I lost out on 240 for a poor quality room I did not spend the night. Don't go!!
I stayed at The Chelsea AC (8/24/12-8/26/12) and have to say it was extremely disappointing. A group of 8 of us were there celebrating a Bachelorette Party for my sister. I work in the client service industry and have to say that the inappropriateness and rudeness of select members of the Chelsea AC staff was almost unbelievable. I was told I would be contacted by the manager of the hotel (Ms. Terry --) and lo and behold, we were unable to access any messages on our hotel phone (room 314- the button would not connect and I heard a busy signal) during our entire stay and even the front desk was unable to access them. I booked two rooms at The Chelsea in the Annex back in February via the hotel website and when we arrived, we did not receive the rooms as described: Two Queen - Pool View Balcony. I called down to Guest Services and they were able to move one of our rooms to the appropriate description, but our second one was unavailable. Then, I was sternly told that I shouldnt have booked our reservations on the hotel website, that I was paying way too much and that they wouldnt even comp a 15 parking charge for the trouble. I truly felt that Guest Services did not have any concern for our satisfaction. In fact, they made me feel bad for spending any money at the hotel period.The rooms had holes in the ceiling, missing refrigerators, mirrors. Very ghetto. After our stay, I contacted Ms. -- via email and she agreed to reimburse me for the difference in our room cost. I received a measly 78.44 back for the entire weekend after spending almost 350 per night per room. I requested that the parking charges be removed as well and never heard back or received a revised folio after multiple follow up emails to Ms. --. Hence, why I feel compelled to write this review. Beware! The regular hotel (the towers) seemed pretty nice. The Annex is an old, moldy motel with rude staff.
Bloody blankets, Mold under the carpets, and a bathroom full of leaks along the ceiling are the amenities that this hotel offered. I had to request another room because the first was occupied. The 2nd room had a strong odor with blood throughout all of the blankets, and the Chelsea and the Annex of the Chelsea are two separate hotels. One is a motel which is the Annex of the Chelsea and the other is just the Chelsea. The parking fee is charged as if it were a resort and the self parking is located 2 blocks from this motel. Your vehicle will be out in the open without security and they do not even enclose this area with a fence. Do yourself a favor and book at another place that is not here. You will Thank me!
