I booked this place in March to attend the College World Series held in Omaha in June. I am a Platinum member of the Choice Privileges chain. I booked a non-smoking, handicap accessible room, with a king bed for June 16,- June 26, 2014. I was in receipt of the guarantee for the room. The day prior to me getting... More
Really cool spot. Great lobby - the renovation of the lobby and the rooms really makes this place a comfortable and affordable spot in downtown Omaha. Nice to have a place to relax and work in the lobby.
This was our third stay at My Place and once again we were very pleased. Friendly, helpful staff and the rooms are roomy and comfortable. We will definitely be staying here again and have recommended it to several people!
Had everything you needed. Just vintage decor downtown area. Needs updating. Clean. Friendly service. Beds were hard. Room smelled like Ben gay. Ok on price. We were passing through. Pool outside clean. Right next to main road.
Easy to find, quick, friendly and courteous check-in. Rate was very inexpensive. Room was clean, neat, quiet and comfortable. Everything worked fine (hot water, TV, etc.). Room was quite large (even with two queen beds) and the AC worked very well. Will definitely stay there again.
Easy stop drop and sleep. If you are expecting anything other than a bed and shower go somewhere else. They do have Internet and tvs but no shampoo etc, breakfast was a pastry and weak coffee. The staff was polite I had downstairs rooms
After horsing a 40+ foot combo through the construction site that is I-80, across Wyoming and Nebraska, The B/W + Grand Island was an oasis. Great hotel, great staff, plenty of parking space, and easy access to I-80.
The room was immaculate and so was the service. We came to experience the sandhill crane migration and the breakfast was ready even earlier than posted and we were able to eat before going out before sunrise.
We had not stayed in a Microtel until our current road trip. It seems as if we have found a great new lodging option. This location was reasonably priced, clean, quiet, and comfortable. Being from drought-stricken California we especially enjoyed the great shower. The water pressure was perfect and the shower was very relaxing after a long day on the... More
Very friendly service, clean white sheets, nice frig and microwave - but old wood paneling, small dingy bathroom, and smaller room than other motel in town that is about the same price. We arrived late and there was a group of men with a small BBQ grill setup in our parking spot - but kindly moved when asked. We'd stay... More
The Bunkhouse is a great motel for bikers. The owner is friendly and helpful. She provided us with buckets and towels to clean our bikes. There was a hose available for washing out the radiators on my bike. Our room was clean. The beds were comfortable. The fridge kept our beer and cold. The TV, wi-fi and A/C all worked... More
Very friendly service, clean white sheets, nice frig and microwave - but old wood paneling, small dingy bathroom, and smaller room than other motel in town that is about the same price. We arrived late and there was a group of men with a small BBQ grill setup in our parking spot - but kindly moved when asked. We'd stay... More
A spacious room good service! It was clean and the room attractive they may still be in the throes of remodeling the royal blue curtains, beautiful and kept the room dark for a good rest and the sun out from extreme heat. Pillows, bed and bedding were great and dcor attractive fitting the curtains and spread. AC worked but we... More
The Husker Inn is a great old-style motel, with modern amenities and updated. Small, very reasonably priced, and the staff is excellent. It's right on the eastern edge of downtown, so restaurants and coffee shops are very close by. Try it.
The Good: Check in and check out were easy, and the staff was friendly. Room was clean, bed was comfortable. the refrigerator was quiet, clean, and kept things cold. and for what we needed, the room worked for us. The Bad: Our room was near an entrance into the building. The lock on the entrance door was broken, so the... More
The manager Jasmine, needs to get training in customer service! I tried to explain our issues and when trying to get things straight and show her my email confirmations for the booking and pricing she would not listen or even look at what I was trying to show her. I booked my rooms two months out for the graduation weekend.... More
Hotel is affordable and very nice and clean, super nice hotel. I just needed someplace clean and comfortable. We were here for few weeks and this was a wonderful place. Looks like this place went thru some remodeling. Good overall stay!
I booked two king suites for a concert in town. I told the manager I had 2 people per room. After the concert I ended up having friends come back. He was angry about the extra people and charged me 10 per person. 6 of my other friends ended up driving after drinking because he refused to let them pass... More
Check in was quick, friendly staff and great service. Good variety of food for breakfast. Clean comfortable room. Room was very nice and free internet access allowed us to use WiFi for our mobile devices.
The Hampton in Kearney, Nebraska raises the bar for stays high and it was a wonderful experience from the moment we walk through the door. Staff were courteous, friendly and professional. Great place to stay and great breakfast to start your day.
I was on my way to Denver and stopped here and everything was clean and staff was friendly. They have a bunch of discounts available on local restaurants. Everything is brand-new in the rooms and you swear this isn't a no chain hotel. I would recommend anyone staying here.
Have stayed on several occasions for several nights each stay. Rooms have always been clean and comforatble. Nice to have refrigerator and microwave in room. Staff is always friendly and eager to help. Rooms are being upgraded with new beds, tvs and carpeting. Great deal!
Traveling through, never been to Lincoln NE before, got on Trip Advisor to find a clean and inexpensive place to spend the night. Clean, friendly, good size room, perfect so far. Just as nice as our 250 a night room in Denver.
We were in town to visit my family. It was a very busy weekend in the area and rooms were scarce, I got an excellent value for our room. The staff was friendly and the property was clean and easy to locate. On the downside the room that we had was outdated and worn (but i understand that they are... More
Very good service i ever had....very strong wifi ,new bed new bathroom,new tvs, new furniture..i can say all amenities are almost new..very good breakfast...and main thing wanna concern is cheap price with this kind of amenities (u gonna find in Holiday inn) REALLY VERY IMPRESSIVE HIGHLY RECOMONDED. ....
Had a great time and it was a clean and nice space. The people up front were very nice and accommodating. Great for a place to stay. I would recommend this hotel for any kind of visit. Best part was the A/C! I got to control the temperature and the fan speed.
Family road trip where our hotel stays were hit and run (a place to sleep and shower). The room did smell, but it was the new carpet. Many things seemed new, but not all. The room was clean and on the small side. Breakfast was very basic. The hosts were very friendly and were genuine in their concern for our... More
Fantastic customer service! Free breakfast, great TV and rooms are spacious. Mini fridge, microwave and most important hair dryer, and iron and board in room!! Stayed here 4 nights. No complaints at all.
I have stayed here several times and it's always pleasant and clean. If you are traveling into the Lincoln area this is a great choice. Looks like a Brand Hotel but not the brand price:) Ask for manager Neil he is great and a new papa:)
This is the first time we've stayed at the Best Western in Kearney, NE. (4/17/2016). It was very easy to find (right off the freeway). The young man who checked us in was very proficient at his job as well as friendly and polite. We loved the room we were assigned. The location was excellent and It was very clean... More
We spent a night here on a cross country trip and it was a very nice Best Western. We didn't arrive until almost 10 PM and it was easy check in and we were asked if we wanted a room on the 1st or second floor. We were driving a U-Haul and pulling a trailer so it was nice to... More
Wonderful suite great for families, front desk service was good, beds feel amazing. Nice kitchen real plates and a dishwasher, the rooms had separate air conditioners which was great for teens. Multiple tvs too
Our room -- on the second floor and accessible from the ground floor through a very small elevator -- was fine -- adequate bed and space. We had a problem figuring out the WiFi access, however, and called the front desk twice to ask about it. The staff member on duty did not give me the correct information, however, and... More
We found this hotel to be clean, friendly, comfortable and an excellent place to stay while in Kearney to see the Sandhill Crane migration. Close to the Platt River and a convenient drive to Fort Kearney State Rec Area, the Ian Nicolson Audubon Center and the corn fields where the Cranes congregate. On the outskirts of town but still convenient... More
Traveling on I-80 we found Countryside . . and glad we did! Clean large rooms, comfy beds and pillows. Quiet too! Great location if you are just passing through. Gas station and a few restaurants close by. Staff was very friendly, I strongly disagree with any of the negative reviews that have been left.
Such a bad experience! I actually stayed in multiple rooms because of an attempt for the manager to ease the troubles he had put me through... In every room it was the same thing. Mold all over, missing door handle to the bathroom like other...More
This was by far the best stay and at the best value on our 2 week trip! To start out with the evening front desk staff was very welcoming and accommodating, even when there was a small misunderstanding in our reservation. Without hesitation he made it right! This was wonderful, especially after driving 10 hours with 2 small children! The... More
This motel is off the beaten path just a little, but it is super clean! SUPER clean! The pool is outdoors and again so clean. Beds were comfortable. Rooms were quiet, has wifi, perfect for a cost conscious family. AC worked nice. Staff was very nice.
We arrived in early evening and left early the next morning and this motel served our needs very well. Rooms are small but clean and very reasonably priced (be sure to book at the AAA or AARP rate, if appropriate). I agree with the reviewer who complained about the noisy A/C. If you're someone who loves white noise, maybe it... More
We have stayed here twice and plan to stay again if we are traveling through North Platte. The hotel is older, but very clean and comfortable. The staff is very friendly and helpful. There are good restaurants about 5 blocks away.....a nice walk after a day of traveling! We would definitely recommend staying here!
We needed a place to sleep in North Platte on our way west. It was clean and comfortable. For 68 for a family of five, do you expect anything more We will be staying there again in 2016 as we drive west again.
The headboards were even CLEAN!!! (Yes, I'm one of those that wipe down the headboards . . ) Not extremely fancy, but when they found out I wanted quiet - I got a nice room around a corner at the end. VERY quiet - you can let the air conditioner/heater run continuously for 'white noise'. Nice little refrigerator and microwave,... More
Had a very good stay at the North Platte Fairfield Inn. The check was fast, pleasant, and friendly. We were lucky and checked into the last room available and still received a military discount. Also the clerk recommended a number of local restaurants. Due to the terrible weather, we chose the nearest. The rooms were clean, modern, new, and comfortable.
This is the third time I have stayed here, as it fits all my needs. A lovely well-kept hotel in the Sandhills of Nebraska (which were all green and gorgeous from recent rains). Extremely clean and quiet rooms with comfy beds. Really enjoyed the huge breakfast buffet, too! Finally, a place where the bacon is neverending!
We stayed here on August 28th, 2015. The rooms were really nice and comfortable. If we ever get back to this area we will definitely stay here again. It is walking distance to several restaurants. This a plus if you are tired from driving.
Good hotel, definitely better than average. A great place to stop on the way to Colorado. Breakfast was good. Wish they had more dining options in North Platte, but hey, it's a travel town. The beds are comfy. It's a bit pricy, but the Marriott name adds security.
Good stopping point if you're passing through and if you're staying in town it'd be just fine too although its right next to the freeway. Clean with a small indoor pool thats great for the kids to burn off some steam.
I stayed at the Fairfield Inn at North Platte during a recent trip out west. The hotel, right off of I-80, was spotless and very welcoming. The check in staff had everything in order when I arrived and after only a few moments I was on my way to my room. The room was spacious, clean very well appointed.... More
The Fairfield Inn Suites North Platte had everything weve been accustomed to expect from a Fairfield a clean, comfortable room, a good, hot breakfast selection and courteous service. We would stay here again if were back in the area.
