We selected this motel based on Tripadvisor reviews, and we are glad we did! The owner, Mark, greeted us when we pulled up, and promptly told us he was able to upgrade us to a larger room. We were thrilled to hear that, and after checking us in, he walked up to our parking space to show us where to... More
The room was clean and spacious, and the owners were friendly and accommodating. The inn was quiet, but was a Thursday night. I would go out of my way to stay here again, and highly recommend this inn to others.
We had planned to stay in Winona to attend a concert at the Beethoven Festival, but most hotels were either booked or charged more than we wanted to pay. We found this place online and are glad we stayed there. It's right in town, near a couple of restaurants, and Perrot State Park is just a few minutes away. Winona... More
Enjoy staying here - nice staff and very clean, comfortable rooms. Great shopping and dining to walk to from the hotel. We enjoy the Texas Roadhouse just minutes awary from the hotel. The breakfast buffet is very minimal, but very clean.
I will never step foot in this motel and i strongly encourage anyone to not even think about staying at this place. It is the junkiest motel you will ever step foot in, their costumer service is a JOKE! My fiance and I needed a place to stay for 3 days, so we paid a deposit for those days, well... More
This was at one time and could be again, a great place! Most of the rooms open to the hall and the outside. Problem is, people smoke right out side the doors, and some even left the doors to the halls open, so the smoke went through the entire hall and other rooms. I wondered why the staff never said... More
front-desk person was a nice young man, and the welcome bag was appreciated. was able to park right in front of my room and the highway noise wasn't too bad. needs a wastebasket in the bathroom, not just the main room. had fridge/microwave and small bathroom...perfect for a 1-night pass-through.
Don't let its outward appearance fool you. If you want a solid night's sleep on your journey, this is the hotel. The mattresses are firm and comfortable. (My back aches if I sleep on a lumpy/soft mattress.) My room was clean, and more importantly -- it smelled clean. (I never trust a motel that smells like mold/mildew.) And the staff... More
What a nice family owned motel. Brought back memories of what motels used to be like. Very clean, great price and pleasant and professional staff. Two great restaurants within walking distance is nice too.Thank you for taking the time to write a review. We are happy that you enjoyed your stay.
Would not honor reservation price when checking in will never stay here again. Booked room because having major surgery a 5 am next day didn't need this stress. Tried to tell me I booked a room with one bed, not true have reservation
Mixed review. Pros: large room, micro and fridge with large buffet counter sofa plus beds Nice view out rear window/patio. Cons: no decaf coffee in room brewer stained bedspreads (dry clean only) makes you wonder when they were cleaned last tons of rules neighboring guests took our chairs table from our patio and we would have asked for them... More
Our room was small but adequate. There was a standard size bed, a sofa, 2 chairs, a dresser, an older TV set. No bad odors. Room was clean. This motel is older and has not been extensively remodeled or updated. It is not going to suit someone who must have those things....newer bathroom fixtures, decor, etc. But my husband and... More
We've been camping at Spur of the Moment Ranch for several years. It's a great convenience for those with ATVs to be right on the trail system. Their location is great, too. Ann Skip are very friendly and helpful.
We checked in on Friday 11/6 thru 11/8/15. We were pleasantly surprised by your facility. We have never stayed in a Microtel Inn before and we will stay again. We loved our room, it was nice and cozy. Your front desk staff and other staff members were very polite and helpful. The breakfast was very delicious and well maintained. We... More
The Hotel its self was beautiful.. Our issue/ problem was with quests in next room.. apparently newly weds... who thought the entire motel, needed to hear them , I commend him on his performance it must have been supreme.. as We felt as if we were, front row in a very loud Porn film in the making.She Screamed profanity throughout... More
We were very satisfied with the Microtel Inn in Prairie du Chien. Room was somewhat compact but ample in size. Clean and comfortable. Free in-room wifi and good but not exceptional continental breakfast. The front desk clerk, Bret, was especially helpful. He gave us good information about local restaurants and wrote down detailed directions to a couple of nearby points... More
After 10 years here I can say without a doubt it's the best resort here. From the spaciousness of the property, the clear water and sandy beach, and the cleanliness and upkeep of the individual cabins, Bill and Mary truly understand what it takes to make Serenity Bay special. Ample beach chairs, fire pit cleaned and stocked daily. Bill cleans... More
Before you read: This hotel is so bad, that I had to create an account on here and tell about my experience here. This is from the eyes of a 16 year old boy. We stayed at this Hotel from July 22-24. My family and I did not read the reviews before coming here (if you've stayed here before, that... More
I had a great experience at HotelRED. The staff was incredibly friendly. I did however find empty candy wrappers underneath the couch in my room. The room was not dirty at all, but it seems they didn't take the extra care to look underneath the couch when cleaning.
This was unlike any hotel I'd ever stayed in before and I thought the amenities were out of sight. The showers were high class and the beds were maybe the most comfortable beds I'd ever slept in at a hotel.
My experience was enjoyable, the staff was very accommodating and friendly.......the Hotel does and excellent job of making the guests feel special and welcome. Glad to have this caliber of hotel to stay at during my travels to Madison.......really do not have any suggestions for improvement, keep doing what you have in place.
What a total gem in downtown Madison! Rooms are elegant and hip, staff went above and beyond any call of duty to make my daughter traveling with me feel very comfortable and welcome at a very fancy hotel. We stayed in a suite and couldn't have been happier--the kitchen was perfect for us and the layout of the suite was... More
I had no idea a place like this could exist in Wisconsin... The industrial theme (concrete floors, exposed ducts, modern furniture, etc.) made us feel like we were in a loft in Uptown Minneapolis... The ambiance at the hotel restaurant (The Wise) was unbelievable, and the food was outstanding. All in all, this place was awesome.
Awesome location, the balcony and shower (jets with overhead rain) were amazing perks. The staff was all very friendly. Our whole group wanted slippers and extra blankets and everything was brought up to our room extremely fast. The only complaint I have was feeling pushed out by the cleaning crew the next morning at 9am when I had until 12pm... More
Within walking distance of everything we wanted to do, this super contemporary hotel offered architectural pleasure and an outstanding and friendly staff. The quiet, comfortable atmosphere: just what we needed.
Our family has stayed at this hotel several times. It is clean - in our room, the lobby and restaurant. We have also found it quiet at night - despite being on a college campus. The staff are wonderful and you can't beat the location with all downtown Madison has to offer. We will definitely be back!
Stayed here for a night. It is in poor condition and needs a lot of work. The place was quiet and I felt safe. But, it was not very nice. I would not recommend this place. There are far better places to stay in Ashland.
So this is a hidden gem. It was clear they remodeled. New carpet, new mattresses etc. The bathroom could use an update but were fine. The cabins are perfect for families. There's a fire pit and chairs to hang outside too. Right on the lake. There's a grill but needs a cleaning before getting used. It was quite and about... More
I think this may be a homeless shelter.Needed an overnight in the area and just looked at a room. Couldn't stay there. Too bad because the location has potential.Nice guy at the desk and plenty of parking.
This place has been updated in the last couple years. We have stayed there many times in the past and we just used it again this spring. Nice inexpensive 7 room motel. Walking distance to the places to eat and drink downtown Montello. Room number 7 has 3 beds in it in case you have a family. Refrigerator and the... More
2nd year staying here while visiting Horicon Marsh. Definitely prefer Iron Ridge Inn above others in the area. Nice clean, comfortable room. Pool area is great- clean and the water temperature in the pool is just right. The whirlpool is warm with powerful jets- very relaxing soak. They put out a basic pick and go breakfast which is a perfect... More
We stayed in a platinum suite for my birthday. Wasn't very noisy as we were on the top floor. We received champagne, chocolates, bath salts, and flowers. Everything was nice, clean, etc, except for the bed! I was ready to fall asleep on a luxurious king size bed. Instead, we tossed and turned on an underwhelming and stiff mattress all... More
Stayed here for a weekend get away with my girlfriend. It was perfect for what we needed, clean room, good location on college ave. The staff was very friendly. We also enjoyed the hot tub. The bed was very comfortable. We didn't get a chance to try the restaurant Rye but heard it was very good. I would recommend to... More
This is a nice hotel to stay. I stay here every time I am in Spooner, WI. The staff is friendly, the hotel rooms are clean, there is pool to use with hot tub, and breakfast as well. There are restaurants nearby.
I was very impressed with the experience! The staff was extremely friendly, especially Sandy at the front desk. She was very helpful and kind. The entire place was spotless and very updated including shiplap on the shower wall tile! I also enjoyed the workout room...Moremcdonald2018, Thank you so much for the wonderful review! We greatly appreciate your compliments and have passed your praise along to Sandy. We are so glad that you experienced a great workout in our 24 hour fitness center and had an amazing start to your...More
I was very impressed with the experience! The staff was extremely friendly, especially Sandy at the front desk. She was very helpful and kind. The entire place was spotless and very updated including shiplap on the shower wall tile! I also enjoyed the workout room...Moremcdonald2018, Thank you so much for the wonderful review! We greatly appreciate your compliments and have passed your praise along to Sandy. We are so glad that you experienced a great workout in our 24 hour fitness center and had an amazing start to your...More
We stayed here while driving home from our vacation out East. Our first choice destination for the evening was all booked, so we picked the Holiday Inn randomly. I'm really glad we did--our stay, although just one night, was luxurious. When you've been driving all...MoreKathleenNuccio, Thank you so much for taking the time to review us here at the Holiday Inn Express Suites Madison Central. We greatly appreciate your wonderful comments and terrific feedback. I am so ecstatic to hear you enjoyed your stay with us here in...More
We had the king suite right off the elevator. It was spacious with a full size fridge, small stove and a dishwasher. I stayed in the room to work, my daughter went to the wedding of a friend and the reception at the event center connected to the hotel. We had a suite directly above the pool area so the... More
After finding the resort, my husband and I were pleasantly surprised. It was located right on the water, far enough away from the chaos Wisconsin Dells has to offer. They allowed us to bring our precious pooch, a BIG selling point, and the room had everything we asked for. We had a balcony with a view of Lake Delton and... More
I loved the hotel room and the service nice and clean and felt like a home away from home! Can't wait to go back when it gets a little warmer. So I can utilize the rest of the activities. I would for sure recommend it to anyone.
Worst ever! Should you ever have the need to stay at Bakers Sunset Bay please ask for a room in the newer section. It would still not be a 5 but possibly a 3. Our room came with great referral from the gal at the front desk who took my call and helped me make my 3 night reservation. Our... More
Baker's has a quaint feel to it. Was worth a few extra bucks to get the lake view. Loved the outdoor ping pong table too that was unique. Nice to have a pool, sauna, AND hot tub. Only major complaint was the Wi-Fi reception was TERRIBLE. What made it worse was I had to walk halfway up the driveway before... More
Went for girls weekend will be taking family there in future. Clean room. only complaint: wish they would have a dedicated area for the ppl staying with dogs. Recommended doing the wine tour. They picked us up and dropped us off at Sunset Bay.
I'll start with the bad and then get to the good : ) The trip started a little rocky... we had booked a lakefront suite over three months earlier, confirmed booking, and asked for verification of room and dog friendliness via email. When we arrived, we had been bumped to a smaller room that allowed dogs because the lakefront suite... More
My stay was.very.pleasant from checkin to.checkout. This was Milwaukee's busiest weekend. Several.of the housekeeping staff really went.the extra mile. Room was spotless and nice, breakfast was good. Will definitely stay again.
A great location to stay after a Brewer game. Nicely located on the interstate with plenty of shopping and restaurants near by. Another plus is the safety factor. After all the years I have stayed here I have not had an issue with theft or felt uncomfortable due to my surroundings. My only wish is this property will look into... More
Didn't camp here. We ordered food to go. It wasn't far from Delta Lodge where we were staying.You gotta try the brisket sandwich.
We stayed here for two nights with several other people on a motorcycle ride. The rooms were clean and comfortable. The breakfast area was nice as was the meeting/gathering room behind the front desk. The grounds were clean and there were enough chairs for the 20 of us to sit around together and talk. It's walking distance to a gas... More
The staff at this Best Western was very friendly and welcoming, but I can't say that this was the quality property that I have seen at other Best Western Hotels that have been given the plus designation. I have stayed at four other Best Western properties in two other states. They appear to be working through renovations and they seem... More
This was perhaps the nicest Best Western I have stayed in, at least in the top FIVE. The King Suites was very nice. It was spacious, well kept, clean, and comfortable. All members of the staff were pleasant and happy, making for an enjoyable atmosphere. I would definitely stay here again when in the area.
I checked in at 9:30 pm and immediately noticed a strong, bad smell when I opened the door to the room - I thought from the sink area. Fortunately, I had a bedroom door. I was tired so I opened the window, closed the bedroom door and went to sleep. I reported the problem the next morning. The front desk... More
We opted to pay a little more to stay here instead of a cheaper hotel. They upgraded us to a suite no questions asked, the room was clean and in great shape, it was quiet, and they had a nice pool with a hot tub. The breakfast was good (they serve hot food) which saved us money. I cannot say... More
From checking in to checking out, all employees were very friendly. I decided to purchase a suite and I was not disappointed. The two rooms were very large and roomy, the bed wad super comfortable, the area was very quiet, everything appeared clean, and the breakfast assortment was outstanding. I would definitely stay here again if the need arose. The... More
Had an appointment at Hospital so we decided to stay where it was very close. We drive 1 1/2 hrs and weather was supposed to be bad so we decided to stay. When booking the room we requested a room as close off elevators because I have bad lung problems and can't walk distances. Had to do some stairs with... More
We stay at this hotel every time we have to take our adult daughter to her doctor appointments in Madison. It is within walking distance to the hospital. The breakfast buffet is great. A lot of choices. The restaurant is also great. Staff is wonderful.
We got in around 7:00 pm and I was taken care of very quickly. Our rooms were close to each other as requested. Both rooms were very clean and nicely arranged. The fridge was already cold for our refreshments. We ended up playing cards outside in back until late and it was very peaceful.
Stayed with the hotel twice for work. Friendly staff, clean, better than average complimentary breakfast. Great location within walking distance of some of Sheboygan's great restaurants. Be back soon!
Good place to stay. Walking distance from downtown Sheboygan. Hotel staff was very guest friendly. Nice quiet rooms. Breakfast had a good selection and the quality was good. I will stay here again when I return to Sheboygan.
This hotel is very clean and the staff goes out of their way to please you. Rooms are very spacious and there is a kitchen in every room! Great continental breakfast with wonderful selections! This is by far the place to stay when in Sheboygan.
While the staff was friendly, the rooms were so small that had our children been a little older we couldn't have all sat in the same room. Breakfast was terrible. The pool is also very small. We ended up switching hotels.
Average hotel. 2 bedroom suite met our needs. Pools are very small. Continental breakfast was better than most places, and staff during that time was great. Coffee available at all times. cleaning staff was great!
State Hockey tournament. This place was nice and clean, I would rate it a 10 but one of the ladies has poor phone skills so I would only rate it an 8. Pool is small but warm. Beds were comfy, rooms are clean good stay
I was really disappointed. Upon checking in, we were told our reservation had cancelled . I hadn't cancelled it. Instead of a 2 bedroom, we got downgraded to a studio. We were traveling with 3 small children, including a baby who does not sleep well. The front desk also had the wrong credit card on file.
Great location,and its nice to have the extra room. We've ben using this hotel since they opened, and unfortunately it's starting to show wear tear.It could use some TLC. The lighting is really bad, and the rooms are in need of new linens,mattresses,and household items.
First time stay but definitely not the last, excellent place to bring in the new year! Our room was spacious, clean and up to date. Staff was very friendly and courteous. Plenty of parking and easy access to the downtown area.
The hotel is ideally located in the center city area. There are a number of good restaurants within walking distance of the hotel. I only stayed one night but if a person has to stay for a few days or a week this is an ideal spot due to the the room layout. The separate kitchen area and bedroom have... More
Have stayed here multiple tea and it has ways been good. Comfortable rooms, very clean,and a convenient location. Staff is always accommodating.It is within a nice walking distance to several good restaurants, the museum,and the lake.
We stayed there during the packers game last week. The Morning lady was very friendly. We found out later that she the manager.Quick Check In and the restaurant was great.The hotel is little old but Hey you get what you pay for.Very Nice customer service. I would definitely be back.
Room appeared to have new mattresses which was good to see because I was a little skeptical after the looks of the rest of the hotel. Now they need to spend money on new pillows. The one I had was very lumpy therefore I did not sleep well. New towels would also be a nice touch. Didn't have time to... More
very old hotel-no FREE airport shuttle-is only free 1 way -their fault or shuttle company fault, friendly employees,microwave and mini refrig in room. not close to anything except restraurant next door offers 10 on meals.in a pinch this hotel should do
It is old, but keep up well, was on the 3rd floor over looking over the lake the view was breathtaking. The owners were great, we loved sitting on the balcony over looking the water show, very quiet relaxing.
Here is my grade for the different categories I look at for a review: First appearance: D+, older hotel. Check-in: A-, quick, friendly, answered all questions. Standard 2 bed room: C, this is a tricky grade, Pros- beds comfortable, microwave fridge in room, good Wi-Fi. Now the Cons- super small bathroom and dirty tub, 25 tube TV, limited outlets... More
We enjoyed our stay very much. The front desk people were extremely friendly and helpful. The room was very clean, and the price was affordable. We almost stayed at the Holiday Inn, but this place was about a third of the price.
Best staff I have ever come across, that said the property itself is long in the tooth and could use a significant upgrade, the rooms are clean and beds comfortable but luxury it is not. An upgrade is sorely needed
Beautiful hotel. The staff was friendly and helpful. Relaxing poolside space. The rooms were spacious, clean and comfortable. Lobby was grand with lots of seating. Nice breakfast buffet and good coffee.
We stayed here during the PGA Championship. We only stayed one night. We were on the forth floor. Our room was hot and humid. We actually had a dehumidifier in our room. The room itself was clean. The doors to the hall seemed pretty flimsy. Hotel staff all were nice and courteous. All in all, it could use some updates... More
We were using a gift card chose to spend an overnight near home to just relax dine out. At this time of year the price was so reasonable. The room we had was a suite and included a sofa, 2 queens, 2 large TVs, a microwave fridge. The bathroom area had 2 separate areas both with sinks.... More
My husband and I spent 2 nights at the Best Western Ambassador Inn. The room was very clean. The hotel was quiet. The breakfast that was included was decent. There was sliced ham, cheese omelets, waffles, oatmeal, muffins, fresh fruit, cereal, yogurt, coffee, hot cocoa, milk and juice. The dining area was clean. We would stay here again.
It is a really clean hotel. It just cost us 69 dollars included taxes and breakfast. Nice indoor pool. Good choice to stay in Wisconsin dells. We stay in 2 queen beds room, it is really big for us. The hotel locations is perfect, there are couples restaurant near by , you can just walk there.
The breakfast is wonderful. The waffle iron offers a choice of 1-4 mini waffles and a choice of batter from the plain to flavored milk choices cereal, eggs sausages - excellent!!! Plan to stay again in April for another meeting. Thanks
We came here for a last minute weekend get away with our family and extended family. The size of the rooms were really nice, comfortable and no funny smells. Everything looked clean. Check In/Check Out was easy. Pool looked nice, although we did not get to use it as we swam elsewhere. Breakfast was insanely busy, we were surprised we... More
Clean room. Hotel needs some updates but the staff works hard to keep things nice. Convenient parking and outside pool was very nice. Inside pool is kind of small for the size of the hotel. Breakfast area is kind of small but decent choices. Great coffee. Overall good value for the money.
I take my kids (now ages 6 and 9) to the Dells several times a year. I received an email from the hotel with some excellent rates so we went fairly last minute the weekend before Christmas. The hotel is very clean and well kept. All the employees were friendly and accommodating. Free breakfast in the morning was well organized... More
Overall decent hotel... Not too far away from Chula Vista resort and parks. Courteous staff. Breakfast line was long but it went relatively much faster than in the other hotels I've stayed at in the past. I'd stay again.
Very clean. The hotel was a dated however, Bo the manager/owner, went out of his way to accommodate myself and co-worker when we got kicked out of a different local hotel because they over booked. The lounge was closed, which was disappointing. There is a store fast food restaurant next door. Located in downtown within walking distance to fine... More
Desk associate was very helpful/friendly when checking in. Our room was very clean and the beds were comfortable. During the night we heard people in the hallway, but not uncommon in hotels with sports bar. National pizza served at bar was very good. However, female bartender was not very friendly.
We stayed one night to while a family member was in the hospital. When I reserved it said they are renovating, but we did not notice any noise or construction dust. It was a great experience. Our room was clean. All the staff we talked to were very friendly and helpful. Would definitely stay again.
My fianc and I recently returned from Washington Island on our annual trip with another couple. Having only camped in Washington Island we wanted to try something new this year. We ended up renting a cabin at the DCI as it came highly recommended with our friends that we were traveling with. When we arrived we were greeted by the... More
I have stayed at this place in February and was passing by and happened to stay again. Let me tell you its lot different than February stay the room had a new carpet, the lobby looks like it was recently renovated. Me and my family stayed and it was just a one night stay so couldn't look at the details... More
It was kind of creepy that people lived there and would zoom into the parking lot with their lights off. The morning we checked out, the renters must have had to clean the room. They came hauling bedding and a vacuum with only jeans on, sweating profusely. Their coffee in the lobby was watered down, and a continental breakfast was... More
This property is clean and well-maintained throughout (including the pool area). Our room's mini fridge was of the larger variety. PLENTY of outlets to charge phones and whatnot. Comfortable bed and pillows. Great breakfast with hot eggs and sausage, which was supposed to open at 7am but staff had entirely ready to serve by 6:45 (thumbs up from this early... More
This is a good place to stay but nothing special. We travel with a pet and there are no king pet rooms on the main floor and there is no elevator. The hotel is clean and well kept. The pet walking area is limited in size.
