This is such a fun, lovely hotel. The attention to detail is impressive, from the thicker rimmed water glasses to the extra fluffy towels. Loved the vibrant art which lends itself to a hip vibe. My only disappointment was at their restaurant, the Lockbox. The menu is just trying too hard. I am a fairly adventurous eater but each of... More
We recently stayed at this hotel on a trip to Lexington with other friends. Our group shared the feeling that we would not be back. We routinely waited more than 10 minutes for elevators. The workout room is tiny with 2 treadmills and 2 cheap elliptical machines that rocked off the floor when in use. Everything about the hotel seemed... More
I reserved a room a week in advance, knowing a motel is usually not great accommodations but we were just passing thru during the longest yard sale. I was quoted 50 over the phone and given our room numbers as a confirmation number and she...More
MoreMore
Hello, I have traveled a lot and abroad and by far this is the worst place i have ever booked. i paid got the key and walked in. OMG the place is HORRIBLE. this place is one of those hotels they show in horror movies where they kill people. I kid you not! this place is horrible. i only stayed... More
This is a new Hampton Inn and is well decorated. The color scheme gives a feeling of luxury and is very restful. The beds are comfortable and the black out curtains keep the room dark for a good nights sleep. The entrance is a little difficult to find so look closely for the sign. The staff was very friendly and... More
This place has mostly construction workers and some other kinds of guests I care not to name...If you are looking for a place kind of on the questionable side this is the place for you..There always seemed to be something going on...
Older property, clean room, clean linen. Think Motel 6. Hunting, fishing, traveling hard, bachelors - save some money and stay here. Water tasted like it had a trace of paint thinner in it, but that's probably East KY these days - careless fracking and mountain-top removal going on. No highway or train noise - the hotel is up a quiet... More
Contemporary hotel. Great concept. Rooms weren't ready until after 5 due to hotel being full w/ concert goers. Other than that small glitch, was a great hotel to stay at. Parking was easy w/ garage across from hotel. Overnight parking 18 or hotel valet at around 22-25. Within walking distance of downtown restaurants and bars.
We stayed here for the Thunder festival and the location was so ideal. We were also fortunate to have one of the rooms facing the river. The staff was very friendly and the room was beautiful. And the bed was sooo comfortable - which I've found to be a standard feature at a Starwood hotel. I would definitely stay here... More
Modern loft vibe, with convenient built-ins, Bliss toiletries, comfy bed, and open lobby with lots of seating for drinking and eating. We were in town for Springstein concert and YUM center was only two blocks away. East valet parking and easy on/off interstate. We will definitely stay again!
It served the purpose of being close to the airport. Other than that, not much good to say. Very dated, loud heater that made it hard to sleep, awful towels. Had the creeps all night. Housekeeping did as good as they could with old used-up rooms.
The manager kept changing rates without notice during my stay. Questionable business ethics. Only cereal and coffee for breakfast. Noisy except in rear rooms, which are not used in winter. Poor maid service.
It served the purpose of being close to the airport. Other than that, not much good to say. Very dated, loud heater that made it hard to sleep, awful towels. Had the creeps all night. Housekeeping did as good as they could with old used-up rooms.
I stayed here for two nights and although it is not fancy, it was adequate. The bed was very comfortable. Even though it was on the highway, I could hear no highway noise. My room had a mini-refrigerator and a coffee pot with coffee pods. The bathroom could stand a little TLC but it wasn't bad. It had hot water,... More
MoreMore
There are few motels in the area unless you want to stay in Richmond so I stayed here. Very basic, no frills but clean enough and quiet. No breakfast but there is some dining nearby. There was no comfortable chair provided in the room.
Yes, somewhat shabby and needs updated mattresses and furniture and yes, there was a musty but not moldy smell some of the time. But Bardstown Parkview was clean and quiet and had a wonderful view of the Stephen Foster State Park. The staff was very polite and helpful. I hope they invest some time and money into updating this place... More
Basketball shorts, tee shirt, and sitting on stool texting must be within Baymont uniform requirements. Rooms are dingy, dirty and smell of cigarette smoke in a non-smoking room. Couldn't spring for a box of kleenex in a 135/night room One staff member in morning to check people out, prepare and replenish breakfast and take care of trouble calls. Went to... More
We stayed all week room was kept clean. We had no complaints. Will stay here next time we are in the area.
The hotel staff provided great service, the room was very nice with a fridge and microwave, and the Wi-Fi was great. Also, I liked the really nice breakfast. The hotel is just off of the Waterson Pkwy. Good experience.
I go to Louisville about every four to six weeks for some personal business and visit with family. I've been coming here about two years. Very convenient for me. Staff knows me and I get the room I request.Greetings , Thank you for staying with us and we appreciate that you give us oppertunity to serve us everytime you come to visit louisville. thank you again.
I stay at many hotels for work and leisure so I am a frequent reviewer. i booked back in January for the Breeders Cup for a 59 a night price. i was called while enroute by a not so friendly female clerk that said I had to pay now or lose room. She didnt care I was driving in massive... More
Was looking for a hotel downtown for a concert but due to other activities including the concert all downtown hotels booked up quick. Found this one, reasonably priced. Nice hotel. Very clean and quiet. Short uber ride to downtown.
This Courtyard is somewhat a hidden jewel, a very quiet property, newly renovated, and only 10-15 minutes from the Kentucky Horse Park. A nicer pool and spa area than most properties. Plus the convenience of the Bistro if you want to stay in during the evening.
Our team was here on a business trip for a few crucial meetings and we were working 24/7. Sabrina Crown and the team at the Courtyard provided us with excellent service as we were working round clock and catered to our every need - from breakfast delivered to the conference rooms to document printing requests. I would recommend this location... More
Greeted by fabulous front desk clerk. She was a beautifully dressed and manicured older woman with great attitude. Wish I recalled her name. Very pleasant and efficient! The hotel was updated and the lounge area even had a complete bar for travelers.
Overall stay was satisfactory for quick overnight. Lobby and grounds were attractive and staff were friendly as well as efficient. We experienced no problems except would have liked to swim in the pool. However, a very large school group of young children, apparently on an overnight field trip, had taken over the pool for the evening. Room was a bit... More
Greeted by fabulous front desk clerk. She was a beautifully dressed and manicured older woman with great attitude. Wish I recalled her name. Very pleasant and efficient! The hotel was updated and the lounge area even had a complete bar for travelers.
We came down for OMG CON. The hotel was in a great location. The riverwalk is beautiful. The breakfast was nice and the staff was helpful. The services they have in the hotel are great. There's a computer center if you have forgotten to print something and a very nice looking pool and spa area.
We attended the annual Romp Fest in Owensboro and chose to stay downtown at the Hampton. We are glad we did. The hotel was absolutely beautiful and well managed. It is located along a lovely river walk by the Ohio River. It was such a treat to grab a coffee and pastry and walk in the morning. There is also... More
Absolutely no complaints! Room and bathroom were clean and fresh, bed was comfortable, front desk staff was personable and professional, greeting us each time we left or returned. We had a room on the top floor with a view of the river, which made for a very relaxing stay. I cannot think of anything that could have been done better... More
I spent some time in Owensboro in the Spring of 2015. I booked a room before I went in this hampton inn not looking up the hotel. When I arrived I was amazed at this hotel! It was a marvelous river front view! It was in all honesty one of if not the best Hampton I have stayed in. I... More
Am Hampton customer only I love their bed always sleep good . This hotel is great when it come to have nice trip for the whole family's amazing location it was really beautiful , love to come back.was impressed by the smoke free park , the biggest play ground , after good night sleep feeling great after the horse and... More
Nice place. We were so satisfied. Family of 6 , stayed in 2 bedroom 2 bath suite and it was very very nice. We will stop here again. Blown away by the price. Easy access to I 75. The breakfast was very nice and the employees do a great job of keeping dinning area clean .
I was able to get a 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom suite at a great price by calling the hotel direct. The suite (and price) was unavailable online. Our family enjoyed the common kitchen, living room space complete with fireplace. Clean and modern enough, they provide shampoo, conditioner, and bar soap. Bring your own dish soap and lotion. Because of renovations,... More
The hotel was perfect for our group. We had eleven rooms booked and they put us all next to each other on the same floor. Most hotels don't do that. The lobby was very large and had private areas that allowed us to gather in...More
We stayed here for a night for a baseball tournament. The hotel was clean and staff was friendly. Breakfast was good. Pool is in a small room that is very loudand echos if there is kids yelling or playing Only issue was that we had...MoreThank you so much for taking time from your busy schedule to complete our review. We are very happy to have hosted your team this past weekend. The group was excellent. You are vey important to us and we look forward to seeing you again...More
Great place to stay. Checking in was easy with friendly staff. Bed was extremely comfortable.Room clean! Restaurants close by. Breakfast was usual offered items. I would definitely recommend hotel for anyone to stay for leisure or business trip.MoreDear 557debral, Thank you so much for sharing your experience with us. We truly appreciate you compliments. I hope that we have the opportunity in the future to be your home away from home once again. I hope you have a wonderful day! Sincerely, Jason...More
Rates were high this weekend (129 +) so two nights were just under 300. To expensive for the overall quality. But I must say, the room was very clean comfortable. Very pleased with mattress, sheets and pillows. Quiet location. Frige and microwave were nice bonuses with 2 kids. Staff friendly. Family slept well and the free breakfast included waffle maker,... More
I've visited Lexington, KY many times and I stayed at the Comfort Suites Inn cross street from this hotel. I decided to stay at Quality Inn this time. I like it, the hotel was in a process of remodeling. The room was nice and clean. I liked the lamb light, because it had yellow color light made the room looked... More
There is much construction going on in the hotel, but it didn't really affect our stay. We were disappointed in the lack of extra toilet paper and number of towels in the room and bathtub plug. Most of that can be easily fixed, but the quality of the wi-fi was poor. We were on the first floor, and it took... More
My wife and I spent last weekend at this hotel. We have been there a few times. This is my first review. The hotel is located on 4th street just a couple of blocks from 4th street live and it is right on the river which provides excellent views from the rooms. The hotel has two parts. One side is... More
Pros: Large room, great view of the city and river. Skywalk to convention center. Beautiful atrium bar. Cons: Dated decor in the room small bathroom no room safe very slow elevators slow complimentary wi-fi Suggestions - would love to see a hook on the inside of the bathroom door mini-fridge and updated coffee pot.
While the outside is what draws in the crowd, the restaurants and snazzy bars keep the walkers inside, once you put that key card into the door, and go rest to relax, you quickly realize the executive suite that you booked, is nothing more than a run down Motel. Taking away from the fact my reservation was for a King,... More
Stayed the evening of February 21 for the Springsteen concert next door. Upon arrival, I waited about 25 minutes to be checked in. As I was the next person to be checked in, I was told that they weren't going to check anyone else in for another hour, as rooms weren't ready. I left to find a restroom only to... More
Comments about your Guest Room: Old beds covered in fairly used bedding. The box springs had rips. The mattresses were lumpy and past expired. The hygiene brand of products from bath and body works were great. The view would have been great too, but the windows were too dirty to see through.
The hotel / rooms are very dated. The a/c did not work in the room - the temp never got below 72, and was humid. My feet were filthy after walking on the carpet. Dining is very expensive, and the food is just ok.
The hotel is in a wonderful location near the river. Unfortunately, they have too many issues. The rooms are outdated and many of the basic features (outlets, dresser drawers, phones) did not work. The food was consistently cold and of poor quality. Most importantly, the customer service was exceptionally poor throughout the entire facility.
A group of 12 stayed here for the weekend, and it was awesome. Reasonable prices, nice, clean rooms, and a great location. We used the pool one afternoon and the little bar beside it and everything was clean and up-to-date. The beds were so comfortable! We walked around everywhere because there's tons of stuff close. Parking was 15 a day,... More
Stayed at this hotel for the 3rd time. Every time I am in Louisville, this is where I stay. Why Because it is located near the river (great views), it is close to all things down town and it has indoor access to the sports arena. The Atrium area for just relaxing is comfortable and well suited for a nice... More
Galt House was terrific. I consider it the best hotel at the best location in Louisville. The location was terrific and the accommodation for the convention we were attending was amazing. The restaurants, lounges and smoking areas were perfect, even on a rainy day
Personnel during our weekend were just great, esp. Ashley Front Desk offering suggestions and answering every single question. NOW! it is difficult to navigate with two towers but, once you get the zoop that the 3rd floor is the skyway - OK / plus, the parking garage is not an EZ lay-out and the schlep to the lobby on... More
Checking in sucks because you can't leave your car. You have to find the parking garage first, don't miss your turn or you will have to find your way back on the one-way streets. Then once you park, get ready for a dirty elevator ride, but to which floor. The labels are messed up. Then once check in, which was... More
This was by far the worse hotel I've stayed in ever. Almost nothing went well from check-in through departure. Check-in - bad (long lines) Room - bad (had to be moved), Housekeeping - disgusting (maid used washcloths and a spray bottle of 'whatever' to 'clean' everything - including glasses, mirror, desks, bath floors Food - lackluster Banquet Service - horrible... More
quick check in, check out. wonderful hot breakfast was ready as i checked out. room was very nice and quite. front desk clerk was very friendly and nice. there was not any noise from within the inn or outside.
The only thing I was disappointed in was the water temperature of the pool. It's outdoors and not heated, so the water was freezing. But that's not a huge problem. Otherwise, the hotel is great! Breakfast was delicious and the beds were comfortable!Thanks for the review! Our pool should be the perfect temperature soon. You'll have to come back and try it out again. We are glad to hear you enjoyed being our guest. We and our future guests appreciate your feedback. Thanks for choosing our hotel.
Well...this was a much different experience than the red roof inn just 1 mile down the street. From the outside this place looks new. And has an indoor heated pool advertisement says...well i never got over to it. This place is OLD, VERY OLD...was a days Inn, and a Best Western prior to that!. WOW the walls in the room... More
We stayed here while traveling trough and got one of the discount rooms in the coupon book. It was a very nice room with a king size bed. The bed was comfortable, room was clean, had more than enough towels. Our room was next to ice machine, didn't hear it. Had a nice indoor pool. Would stay here again.
After driving over 13 hrs, we had enough and needed to get a decent nights sleep, we decided to stop and get a room. The gentleman that took my walk in reservation was very friendly and quick. The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable. Breakfast wasn't all that bad either, it was definitely enough to get us... More
