West Bank Inn is a nice motel with large beds, a bathroom that works and an average selection of complimentary breakfast products. Nothing fancy, but you cant expect more for the rate. Take a stop, have a good sleep and move on.
West Bank Inn is a nice motel with large beds, a bathroom that works and an average selection of complimentary breakfast products. Nothing fancy, but you cant expect more for the rate. Take a stop, have a good sleep and move on.
If you're you're looking for a nice place to sleep after a long drive or if you're a local looking for some peace quiet this is the perfect place. It's right off the exit, surrounded by additional hotels, restaurants and a Tarjay (Target). I was over near Lenox mall and I drove 20 minutes away to this hotel because... More
The management of the property are nice enough people but they fall victim to some of the clientele that somehow cannot help themselves but to have police called on them. After the police left I heard yelling in the hall between a manager and people and it got extremely heated. I checked in at 8:30am and attempted to check out... More
I stayed at the motel this weekend - everything in the motel was in excellent condition very well decorated and comfortable. The employees were very friendly and well trained. It is in a excellent locations if you are in Atlanta for business downtown or for sports, etc. I didn't find anything to complain about and since I have been in... More
Business trip, rooms are well designed for spaciousness. Glad to have a fridge and large sofa. However, closet is too small to hang numerous coats or outfits for a few days. Room key didnt work, had to go back to front desk, ugh! Thats a...More
We stay at Hampton Inn a lot. This hotel was pretty much on par with most except for a couple drawbacks. The rooms are small - not a lot of extra space at all. The breakfast room is really cramped as well and there isn't a ton of seating although we didn't have an issue finding a table. The rooms were nice though and staff was helpful. There are a number of restaurants within walking distance, which is nice. Fortunately we didn't spend a lot of time in our room, so the cramped space wasn't an issue. I'd stay here again unless my travels required a larger room.Hello,Thanks for reviewing our property. We truly appreciate you rating our property 4 out of 5. We take great pride in providing excellent customer service. We hope the next time you visit Atlanta, you choose stay with us again. Thanks!
The location of this hotel was great ,wi wi restaurants literally across the street and Kroger's that was almost next too.we walked around and found some local bars ,if you're into that.Uber was available but we walked with no problems.Hello, Thanks for your review. We are pleased to hear that you enjoyed your stay. We hope to see you again!
The hotel was clean and comfortable. The location was convenient to my business appointment and a relatively short drive from Hartsfield-Jackson Airport. There was a good selection of restaurants nearby.
Very modern and welcoming hotel. This will be my go to hotel when traveling to the greater ATL area. Staff was helpful and the location was perfect. Loved how clean and inviting my room was. Thank you
Great location near the airport. Ample, well lit parking. Excellent reception staff and valet park team. Large, modern rooms that are well appointed and modern. Very quiet and comfortable. Good food and good service in Martini's lounge restaurant.
You just have to read some of the other reviews for this place to realize that there are some major shortcomings in its management. Clearly not indicative of the Westin brand. We made the mistake of not researching the hotel before making a parking reservation after Christmas. Cutting to the chase, our car was broken into in the garage while we were away (as was the car parked next door). We arrived back late at night to find plastic taped over the window and glass everywhere. The security guard at the hotel showed us a police report and told us that two suspects were arrested, gave us the name and number of the GM and sent us on our way. It is now March - our calls to the GM have never been returned - voicemail every time. 297 out of pocket for replacing the glass in the passenger window plus the cost of items stolen, but we don't have a copy of the police report to pass along to our insurance agent because the hotel management appear not to give two craps about a) what happens at this property, and b) basic customer service. Do yourself a favor and find an alternative.On behalf of the hotel we apologize for the unfortunate incident with your car. You can obtain a copy of the police report by contacting the College Park Police Department at 404-761-3131.
Let me begin by accentuating the positive, check in staff and shuttle drivers are friendly and efficient. Room is dated but not dirty. Air didn't work properly. Lunch buffet although tasty is no where worth 22.00 for 2 meats , 2 vegetables and salad.pool and hot tub were gross. A dirty film covered the water. Hair was everywhere. Very dirty. Wait staff at the bar are rude . They act like you are bothering them to ask for service. This hotel is no where worth the they charge. Also watch your bill. They tried to charge me for items that I didn't buy. The Marriott just across the street is a much better option.On behalf of the entire hotel staff we appreciate you taking the time to write a review, Thank you for the nice comments on our staff. Our lunch prices are comparable to the other full service hotels in the market, We will have our engineers check the filtering system at the pool to see if there is an issue. We will address your comments about the service at the bar with the Food and Beverage Director.
The hotel restaurant/bar was the best part.We had a group and Brandii took great care of us while we were there for 2 nights in a row. She provided great service which made for a pair of enjoyable evening.Good day charn498, Thank you for providing your feedback from your recent visit to our hotel and Martini's lounge. We are delighted Brandi took such great care of you during your stay. We hope to welcome you again soon. Let's Rise! Amy Coulter
We only stayed here for one night as we transfer at the Atlanta airport. Hotel is a short drive from the airport and offers free shuttle. Service is great - my wife somehow didn't feel well (due to allergies) in the first room they offered us, and the staff was kind enough to arrange the presidential suite as an exchange since they were fully booked that night. Comfortable bed and quality sleep.
A perfect spot to catch a 6:00 AM shuttle to the airport...wake-up call was very efficient....we ate dinner in their restaurant and it was good, not great...it's a hotel restaurant...There's an old adage, that if there is a line around a free-standing restaurant, The food must be Great...If there is a line at a hotel restaurant, the service must not be goodGood day mlesser1,Thank you for staying with us and sharing your comments. We're delighted you enjoyed your stay and the convenience of the airport shuttle service.We hope to welcome you again soon.Be well.
You will not find a friendlier, accommodating staff than at The Partridge Inn. I thought I had left a small gray bag in the room, which my boyfriend had unknowingly packed with his belongings, and Herman was very helpful. I cannot say one negative word in regards to the staff. They were superb. I would recommend this hotel for its... More
Paper thin walls, can hear everything next door from them thinking to talking. Hallways hot(no air) and heat lamps in tiny elevator will have you sweat for sure. A/c units in rooms make too much noise
This hotel is very nice. Young lady at front desk was helpful and kind. Rooms look exactly like it does on web. Very clean and neat. The hotel is surrounded with all types of places to eat within walking distance
It is a family ran motel. At first it didn't look very appealing but i asked to see the room. I was not expecting much from the rooms either just needed a place to rest. i was pleasantly surprised when i saw the rooms they were a lot better than what i had expected. The bathroom was clean and the... More
I had the pleasure to stay in hotel Indigo,downtown Atlanta!spacious room,Nice bathroom and clean towels!breakfast was great!choices,choices!but what was even better was the friendly staff throughout the hotel!helpfull and friendly!location is wonderfull,close to shops,restaurants,AirPort!i had a Good time in Hotel Indigo and i Will be...MoreHello Esperanza2060, Thank you for your five star review! We are glad you enjoyed the hotel and the neighborhood. We look forward to your next visit.
My stay at the hotel was for a girls getaway. Check in was fast. The staff were pleasant. I experienced some trouble printing tickets to a concert I was attending, but the staff were helpful in assisting me from the front desk. It was centrally...More
We got a great price on The room. It was clean, spacious, and extremely comfortable. The staff and management were all very accommodating. The bartender made delicious drinks and was also extremely knowledgable of the area. You can't hope for a better location in Atlanta...MoreHi Steven, Thank you for taking time to leave a review of our hotel. We couldn't be happier that you enjoyed your time with us and found our team to be accommodating and helpful. We look forward to your next visit with us!
Very nice, modern hotel. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. The bar was very nice with excellent specially cocktails. Valet parking is very expensive!! It's much cheaper to park in a nearby deck and walk over to the hotel. Other than this, no complaints!MoreThank you so much for letting us know about an issue that detracted from an otherwise exceptional stay. This information is helpful to us in our consistent and daily quest to provide the very best service and amenities to our guests. We really appreciate the...More
Nice hotel with good downtown location. The only odd thing is that you have to switch elevators at the second floor to get up to the higher floors. The lobby elevator only goes up to the second floor.Thank you for your review and for staying with us. We look forward to your next visit.
I'm an IHG gold member. I've stayed at indigos in several locations. I was excited about this weekend getaway. I requested top floor. Didn't get it. I requested extra pillows didn't get it. I requested champagne be sent to the room and billed and was...MoreWe want you to know that all of your feedback regarding your recent experience with us has been duly noted and we thank you for providing it. Our sincere apologies regarding the communication disconnects with staff that you experienced during your stay. You are absolutely...More
We had to stay here during the Hurricane Irma and this place was the only place I could get a room for my family. The one good thing I can say is the staff is really nice. The room smelled old and the bathroom was gross. Well actually the whole hotel from the elevator up to our room smelled old. luckshot88, Thank you for your review of our hotel. We appreciate all feedback and are working to improve our aesthetic and functionality of our products continuously.
I stayed at this hotel because we were going to an event at Philips Arena. I would not hesitate again to stay at this hotel. The staff was VERY friendly, helpful and knowledgeable of the area.10 parking fee is the only negative but our car was safe (over all)...We were within walking distance of several places to eat and this is a fine place. There are NICER places but for the value, it was great.Other rooms during this weekend were 130 and up and I got ours for 80wingslogo84,Thank you for your review. I'm glad to read that you enjoyed your stay. We hope to see you again when you next travel to Atlanta. Since your stay, we have been actively working to improve our services, responsiveness, and the functionality of our products to ensure things are operating as they should. We have been updating and upgrading our rooms and the general appearance of our property. I hope you have safe travels in the future. Sincerely,Enoch D.
Just stayed here Feb '12. Not a horrible place for the . I paid 85 for the room and it's right in downtown atlanta next to the marriot. Usually the location at lone would command 100 minimum per night. Parking was confusing. i don't like to pay for valet so I opted to park my car alone when I pulled up, and about 100ft down the street from the main entrance is a parking garage in the same bldg, so I parked there (15 a day). Upon walking to the desk to check in I was informed their parking garage is cheaper, but it's located caddy corner across the st to the hotel (weird). The desk clerk tried to convince me to go get my car from where it was parked and pull it into their garage - again, weird. I was put on the 9th floor (elevator is pretty shoddy - as soon as it stops at a floor the doors immediately open and shut to keep going, be careful). The room wasn't too bad. Decent size. Old tv, pretty visually unappealing. Bathroom was full of hairs, everywhere. Also there was a bucket under the sink to deal with a leaking pipe. I'm usually low maintenance and don't mind the occasional spot or hair, but this room just felt really dirty and gross. The bed was the worst part. Although it was a king, it was horribly uncomfortable. Worst back pain of my life in the morning. Fitness center is a joke. Although spacious, it has a treadmill and a bike, and a multi gym weight tower in the middle, that is in awful condition and all of the cables are broken. I didn't even bother working out there. Breakfast was modest. Literally ice cold pastries, watered down juices, do it yourself waffles, and reconstituted eggs. Breakfast starts at 6 and I got there at 6:30, and a kid that apparently worked there (no id/uniform) was scrambling to set everything up - I'm guessing he was late for work. Other people he was hanging out with and eating with (other employees or his friends) were also there chatting and having a good time. Very strange, I don't think they were guests, and I think it is inappropriate for the employees to be eating breakfast with guests.Again, for the price I'm really not complaining, you get what you pay for. Location isn't too bad either. Had I paid more of this was a more prestigious brand hotel, I'd be writing a letter to the CEO.shaunbsc,Thank you for your review. Since your stay, we have been actively working to improve our service level, responsiveness, and the functionality of our products to ensure things are operating as they should. We have been updating and upgrading our rooms and the general appearance of our property. I hope you have safe travels in the future. Best Regards,Enoch D.
Room was filthy. Staff was mediocre. Stained sheets, used medicine cups in drawer, filters full of dust and leaky shower. Place is a dump and not worth the price. Would not recommend to anyone, especially if you are traveling with kids. Dear Bobby,Thank you for your feedback. We take our guest comments very seriously and always strive to provide comfortable and friendly accommodations. Were sorry we fell below your expectation regarding cleanliness, carpet condition, bathroom amenities and bathroom cleanliness which was unacceptable. We will address these concerns. I assure you that the feedback of our hotel will be reviewed and most certainly forwarded to the appropriate departments. We take the confidence our guests place in us very seriously and work diligently to rectify any unsatisfactory experiences. We hope you give us a chance in the future to show you how great our hotel is.Sincerely,
Did my reservation through Orbitz so it was about 30 a night. Met three different staff members, and they were all very nice. The room was clean, spacey and fully stocked with towels and toiletries. If you are doing sightseeing in Macon, the hotel is only about 10 min away from downtown.
For a place just to sleep it may be ok. But there was mold in the bathroom. It is very close to the highway but very ran down part of town. There are signs that encourage customers to lock and chain their doors but there were no chains in the two rooms we were in. Breakfast is cereal and muffins.... More
Firstly, I'll summarize my experience at this Hotel... Impeccable Service, Cleanliness, Quality, and Prices. The staff I encountered during my short stay, that I'd like to point out and highly reccommend.... Front Desk Staff Members Denise Pat Angela Reggie Housekeeping Edith Cruz Doniesha Gladys(Asst Supervisor) All of which I'd personally reccomend, and would surely hire(all with management positions), at a... More
Loved the updated decor of the hotel, inside the lobby and the rooms. Very clean and comfortable. I enjoyed the option of a late check out. Staff was friendly as well. We arrived very late...3:00 am and were offered a late check out thank goodness. I would recommend this hotel to others. It is also in a central location.
I found this hotel left a lot to be desired:, run down, poor upkeep, not so nice desk clerk. I would prob. not ever stay in this hotel again due to being run down and not well equipped. Better choices out there for the
Very friendly staff. Room was clean and nicely decorated. Internet was good, but not extremely fast. Easy check in and check out. Breakfast was good and more than typical continental breakfast. Convenient to interstate.
My family was headed south to Florida and had a reservation here as our halfway destination. I had made my reservations online, but realized afterwards that I had chosen the incorrect date. I called the hotel directly, and they switched our reservations without difficulty. When we checked in, however, the original rate from my first reservation had changed and increased... More
The hotel is very rundown. I was very disappointed. The mattresses were terrible you could feel Springs
We booked 2 rooms because of the excellent price. We have always been huge fans of Microtel hotels, but this one disappointed greatly. In one room (306) there was: A gaping hole in the shower curtain causing the floor to flood Cabinet that would not close Gooey stickiness smeared on top of fridge Window screen hanging loose Lightbulbs out Sink... More
I was pleasantly surprised at the room with a king size bed, it was lovely, everything is modernized. I had to stay in my room a lot, there was an extra chair and coffee table to sort out my things. The coffee maker was great, (like a Kreig,) and the staff were very helpful, and greeted me when I returned. Extra pillows and an ironing board, microwave were appreciated too.
Great location to businesses, shopping and highway. Comfortable with excellent staff. I was there on business and it worked out great. Excellent breakfast and fast internet.Deborah, Were glad our hotel made your business trip a little bit easily to be away from your love ones. We take pride in our customer service and work very hard to make every guest feel at home at the Wingate Brand locations. Please feel free to contact us on your next visit to the Atlanta area. Willis Blake DOS
This is an awesome hotel. The employees was the bomb. The pool was inside and it was very nice and warm. Our children did not want to get out. The breakfast and the staff was on point at all times. When we go back to GA this will be our hotel. Thanks for everything.Robin, Were glad you and your family enjoyed our indoor pool and breakfast staff. Our summer season is very busy but we strive to make every guest feel good about our location and their stay. Please feel free to contact our location on your next summer visit to Atlanta. Willis Blake DOS
We traveled a tremendous amount of distance by car to get to the hotel. We had an important family event in Smyrna. The hotel location is great for people coming from out of town. The stay was pretty good - the beds were comfortable. Breakfast was tasty although it would have been nice to provide turkey products for those who do not eat pork. The workout equipment was outdated and in need of repair. The manual in the room did not advertise tourist attractions.All staff were courteous. Room was nice, but doors, walls, and handles were filthy. The kitchenette needed cleaning as well. Nonetheless we were quite pleased with the comfort and quaintness of the room. Again, the location was phenomenal.
Overall this was a very good hotel stay. The room was clean and everything worked. Check the online price versus the price when you call. I got the room 35 cheaper by booking online through the Wyndham site. Hello 406eltong,WOW! Thanks for all the compliments. I have shared your review with my staff to show them how important everyone is in creating a great guest experience. We look forward to serving you again in the future.Tremeil BooneFront Office ManagerWingate by Wyndham
The pool and hot tub was filthy. Tried to call front desk and was unable to reach anyone about it.I apologize your stay with us was not a pleasant one. I have shared your comments with the entire staff so we can address concerns such as yours to make sure we do a better job in delivering a great experience.
The parking here is a bit tight and I was constantly looking out my window to check my car. The only close restaurant is an Apple Bees and it was so loud in there I got my food to go. The breakfast was ok. The bed was nice and the new carpet was good. The water pressure in the shower could have been batter.Greg, Sorry about your water pressure in your room. I checked with my maintenance staff on the level of our water pressure in the room. I opened up the shower in several rooms and have good water pressure. Please contact our front desk staff if your water pressure is low we have a maintenance person on-call 24 hours a day. Please feel free to give us an opportunity to keep your business at our location for your next trip.Willis Blake DOS
The room was a great size, updated and nice. The shower/tub was dirty, and the pool area was nasty, The kids wanted to swim ( which is why we booked this hotel... for its indoor pool) , but the pool was nasty and the hot tub had what looked like sand all in the bottom of it. The chlorine was so strong, we could not even stay.Dear 874reginab,Thank you for taking the time to give our business the Wingate by Wyndham Atlanta Galleria feedback. I apologize for the inconvenience you experienced while staying at our Wingate hotel. I have discussed this situation with my entire management staff and Housekeeping staff to ensure that it is not repeated. Cleanliness is our main priority so for you to experience this inconvenience while you stayed with us is unacceptable. Our goal is to provide a level of service that requires diligent attention to detail and is a matter of constant reinforcement of our hotel. Once again, we are truly sorry for any inconvenience we caused you. If there is anything else we can assist you with in the future, please don't hesitate to call. We look forward to having you as our guest in the future.ThanksTremeil BooneFront Office ManagerWingate by Wyndham
We stayed in room 406 on Friday night, 11/10/17. I could tell they were doing renovations on the rooms for that floor, and was initially worried about the smell of paint that I noticed on the way to our room. However, as we got closer to the room the smell dissipated and it didn't seem at the time that it was going to be an issue. The room we had was clean, and accommodations were in good shape all around. The night auditor did a great job getting us checked in and setup. Got up early Saturday morning, went to Ikea and then lunch. Returned to the hotel around 2:30PM, and they were painting about 4 of the rooms on our floor. The hallway was filled with a mist of paint from the sprayers, and the smell was awful. I've renovated houses before and I'm no stranger to paint fumes, but I can honestly say that after about 15 minutes in the room I was having a headache and my pregnant wife absolutely did not want to spend another minute in the room. So, I went downstairs to request another room. Leonard was our customer rep, and informed us that the hotel was in fact overbooked, and there were no other rooms we could move to. Ultimately, we decided to check out and go to the La Quinta down the street. Now, this could have turned into a disaster, but Leonard did a great job of turning this around. They did not charge us for the remainder of our stay, and actually gave us a 50 discount on the one night that we did spend in the hotel. He never argued once, was sincere the entire time, and was apologetic about the inconvenience. This is the only reason we will come back to the hotel - someone actually cared about what was going on and they did right and tried to fix it. There's never a great time to renovate a hotel, but a genuine customer advocate is always a welcome change!I apologize for the experience you had during your stay, this is never the impression we like to leave with our guest. I ensure you this is not the way we conduct business or coach our staff on interacting with guest. This review has been forwarded to management and this matter will be discussed, using your review as a reference. Your feedback is greatly appreciated and very important to us, I thank you for taking time out to write us, you can bet, if you ever return that what happened to you will never happen again. Thank you for your Loyalty and I hope you allow us another opportunity to host you and yours again in the future!
There are many options in this area but the Wingate is great. Diane will check you in and Sly will cook your breakfast. Everyone will treat you like a treasured guest. If you have to be away from home, this whole team will make you feel like family.Dear Jamesedwardh2017,Thank you so much for all of your feedback. I have shared your review with the entire staff to show them how important everyone is in creating a great guest experience. We cant wait to see you the next time around.Tremeil BooneFront Office ManagerWingate by Wyndham
Housekeeping said it was a trick, after our third attempt we asked for another room. They were very friendly and helpful at the front desk. We changed rooms unfortunately the second room had the same problem but a little easier to get in. We settled for that room. We didnt want to move again. Thank you for your feedback, as it is very important to us. We will take note of the concerns regarding this review and attempt to correct these if possible. We are all about improving the quality of everyones visit, including adding some specials touches. We hope you chose us again on your next visit to the area.
I love the young lady personallity that check me in. Even though it was her last day! I hope yall found someone like herThank you so much for all of your feedback jacquitam2017. All your concerns are important to us! I will definitely share this information with my entire staff. The Wingate by Wyndham hotel is looking forward for to your next visit to Atlanta please feel free to contact us for any request!Tremeil B.Assistant Manager
The hotel itself as well as our room was nice and clean, staff was very, very friendly, but the location of the hotel is not very convenient to get to if you're coming off the interstate because you have to go up and do a U-turn and come back down to the entrance, but that still was not a big deal. The only complaint that I have is how nasty the bathroom was. The shower definitely had not been cleaned prior to us staying there. There were hairs ALL OVER the shower walls and the tub. It was completely disgusting!!Thank you for all of your feedback kristia319. Reviews such as this help us identify where we can do a better job. I have pass this information along to our staff, so they will know what we can do to improve. Again, I appreciate the time it took to write this review. We hope you'll give us another chance when you are in the area. Gratefully,Wingate by Wyndham
Over all the hotel was great. my only problem was that we were in a room on the ground floor next to the elevator. We could not go to sleep until around 2:00am because every time someone used the elevator we could here it. We even turned the fan to continuous to have some constant noise. Then we got woke up at 6:00am with the elevator again.Dear Mr. Dwayne T, Thank you for staying at the Wingate by Wyndham Atlanta Galleria. We appreciate you sharing your experience with us. Direct feedback from our customers, both good and bad is the most valuable advice we can receive. It helps us to recognize our areas of challenges and make the appropriate adjustments where necessary. The Wingate by Wyndham is definitely looking forward your next visit to Atlanta!Tremeil BooneAssistant Manager
The service was good. The staff was friendly. The rooms nice and clean. Breakfast was good. The computer and the internet worked very well but the computer was in the main lobby... should be in a separate room for a little privacy. The only negative thing I have to say is that they ran out of face towels Also staff did not mention anything about the rewards programTracy, On behalf of our staff were glad you stayed at our location for your visit to the Atlanta area. We were doing some upgrading to our Business Center doing your stay. Our Business Center will be located across from the Front Desk in an enclosed private area in July. Tracy sorry my staff did not sign you up for Wyndham Rewards doing your stay. Please feel free to come back and stay at our location in the near future.Willis Blake DOS
Veronica was very helpful. She searched and found my reservation and secured a room for me. She was pleasant and greeted me by name when I approached the receptionist desk. I felt at home. Dear jdbrownattorney, Thank you so much for all of your feedback. I have shared your review with the entire staff at the Wingate by Wyndham. The Wingate hotel looks forward to you visiting us again. Remember you can Count on Us!!!Tremeil BooneFront Office ManagerWingate by Wyndham
My husband and I visited Atlanta, and just finished our 5 night stay at this hotel. They overbooked, so our double was upgraded to a king suite. Score!The location was good, right off 75. There was a mall, Walgreen's and several restaurants nearby. And you can't beat free parking, wireless and breakfast - and a microwave and small fridge in the room!Unfortunately, I have to give them a lower rating for the room itself. We were a little lost at first because our room did not have a number posted. After a little walking up and down the hall at 10:30PM, we figured it out. The room had a funky smell. Not really bad, just smelled weird. It was much more humid in our room than the rest of the hotel. I think the room air conditioning unit was not working properly. Cable did not work, so we could not watch TV (Not really a bad thing, who wants to watch TV on vacation anyway So we never called to have it fixed). The bathtub faucet dripped constantly. There was lots of trash under and around the bed - paper towels shoved between under the headboard, between the wall and mattress, bits of paper and wrappers, a wooden coffee stir stick. The entire time there it was never cleaned out. Some liquid had been splashed on the headboard and dried. That was also never cleaned off. The cherry on top was I went to use one of the new wash cloths replaced by housekeeping, and found a hair stuck in it that clearly did not belong to me or my husband.FYI elevators can be a little scary - very slow to open! We never got stuck, but there were a few times I was not so sure...It was OK for the price we paid, but I wouldn't stay there again. Next time we will try another hotel in the area.
I had a great experience at this s property as the room was very nice, the staff was excellent and the breakfast was put together very well. I will defenitley be coming back.We are thrilled our Wingate by Wyndham Atlanta Galleria exceeded your expectations ThomasH35091! It is great to read that you were impressed with our friendly associates who took great care of you. It was a pleasure having you as our guest, and we look forward to your next visit with us soon.Tremeil BooneAssistant Manager
I was in town for training, I booked the room here because of the location and the other hotels in my price range where booked. My room was clean and roomy, but the property is a bit rundown. I had an issue with my door lock being tough to open. I told the front desk about it, but it was never resolved. Their breakfast is a bit sparse and cheap. I mean you can see through the strips of bacon, the eggs where rubbery and the sausage was chewy as well. I asked about oatmeal that I usually have and was told that no they didn't have. If you get a room on the second floor ask for the number before you go up. 216 to 224 are over the indoor pool. They can get noisy if there are any children staying there. I wasn't aware about the homeless population in the area, but I did get an uncomfortable feeling about the area. While nothing happened during my stay, i would keep it in mind. There where a lot of things that just didn't work, ice machine on my floor wasn't working, the thermostat in my room just didn't work right, the waffle machine, several lights in the hallway, and several window screens where out or hanging from the windows. Over all it is Rough Around the Edges.On behalf of our Management team thank you for taking the time for post your feedback on Trip Advisor. Your comments will be posted and discussed in our Management staff meeting on Friday. Our hotel takes all our customers comments and feedback on Trip advisor very serious. Our hotel Management team will check each incident very carefully. Thanks again for taking the time to post your comments. Our number one objective at the Wingate is guest satisfaction.Willis Blake DOS
I reserved this hotel to participate at a meeting in downtown. Very good hotel with large room, clean and good breakfast. There is a pool a gym and wireless working very good. Free parking. The hotel is near to many shopping centers and also to highway. I spend there good time.Thank you for your comments on Trip Advisor while attending a meeting in Atlanta. Please feel free to contact us on your next trip to Atlanta. Willis Blake
The hotel staff were very friendly and capable. Our room was spacious and the bed was comfortable. The hotel is conveniently located to shops, restaurants, and the highway, but very difficult to access from the road you have to go down several blocks and turn around and come back instead of being able to turn in directly from the road. My main issue was that the room was not very clean. The towels and bathroom floor both contained hair that didn't belong to any of us there were visible stains and debris on the bathroom floor and candy wrappers on the floor under the desk, and what looked like ground-in food on the desk chair.Dear LCF22974,Thank you for taking the time to give our business the Wingate by Wyndham Atlanta Galleria feedback. I apologize for the inconvenience you experienced while staying at our Wingate hotel. I have discussed this situation with my entire management staff to ensure that it is not repeated. Cleanliness is our main priority so for you to experience this inconvenience while you stayed with us is unacceptable. Our goal is to provide a level of service that requires diligent attention to detail and is a matter of constant reinforcement of our hotel. Once again, we are truly sorry for any inconvenience we caused you. If there is anything else we can assist you with in the future, please don't hesitate to call. We look forward to having you as our guest in the future.
Last minute stay in a last minute location . Clean rooms and clean bathroom. Will stay here again. Dear Ms. Tammyhx3398QO,Thank you so much for taking the time to share your feedback. I will definitely share this information with my entire staff.The Wingate by Wyndham hotel is looking forward for to your next visit to Atlanta please feel free to contact us for any request.Tremeil BooneAssistant Manager
Construction going on in the area but what city doesn't have that going on. Nice quiet and comfortable rooms. Very clean and friendly staff. Dear jln2017,Thanks for all of your feedback. I have shared your review with my staff to show them how important everyone is in creating a great guest experience. Once again thank you for your feedback, we look forward to serving you again in the future.Tremeil BooneFront Office ManagerWingate by Wyndham
I normally travel quite a bit and because of a meeting I was attending I decided to stay at the hotel that was hosting it. This is the second time I've been so disappointed with my room. Everything was so dirty . Sink, shower, hair dryer .... so very disappointing. This was my second time staying in a Wyndham and both times I've been very displeased with my experience.
I just wanted to say that my family and I stayed there about a week ago and we were so impressed with the customer service skills from Staci, she did everything from making sure we had extra towels and face cloths in the room because thats what we noted in our reservation, checking us in early, she called us once we got in the room and settled to make sure the room was okay. She printed out directions every time we needed them and she was just a joy to talk with. She is really good at her position. The hotel overall was excellent and we will definitely return.On behalf of our front office staff we want to thank you for staying at our location. Stacey is one of our best employees. Our Count on Me Wyndham Culture was built on taking care of the guest needs. We believe at the Wingate that our customers pay our salaries and deserve to be served as guests. Please feel free to stay at our location on your next visit to Atlanta.Willis Blake DOS
This is the third year I am staying at the Wingate, Cobb Drive in Atlanta, over the period of the same conference.The hotel needs a little renovation, but the VALUE for money, and the SIZE of the rooms, can't be beaten!However, the one thing I want to really compliment this year, is the Service by staff generally, and one person in Particular. The receptionist VERONICA is an amazing lady. Walking into the hotel yesterday after being away for 12 months, I was greeted like an old friend, welcoming me back. A smiling face and bright disposition really makes a difference, after what was an 800 mile drive from DC!Veronica is amazing, and really went out of her way to accommodate me in the PERFECT room for my stay of 5 nights.Thank you Veronica! Your outstanding and excellent service is appreciated more than you can imagine!Dear YCDBSOYA,Thanks for all of your feedback. I have shared your review with my staff to show them how important everyone is in creating a great guest experience. We look forward to serving you again in the future.Tremeil BooneFront Office ManagerWingate by Wyndham
I really enjoyed the stay in the king suite. It was clean and the bed slept so good. Breakfast was also delicious especially the make your own waffles. Most importantly, this property was affordable and a great value. I enjoyed it so much that I didn't want to leave the room.Dear 216tiaw,Thanks for all of your feedback. I have shared your review with the entire staff to show them how important everyone is in creating a great guest experience. We look forward to serving you again in the future.Tremeil BooneFront Office ManagerWingate by Wyndham
Hotel clean and comfortable and very good customer service. Easy access to major highways. Lots of restaurants and shopping nearby.
Stay was ok ,my problem was when trying to contact general Mgr she never returned my call . We were looking to stay another week and I retch out to to see if we could receive a discounted rate considering we had already stayed 4 days
Close to piedmont hospital. We stay at Cobb pkwy hotel when in Atlanta for appts. Very satisfied with service and amenities. Our entire Management staff wants to thank you for staying at our location while visiting Piedmont Hospital last week. Hopefully your visit at the hospital was a positive one and you have an opportunity to visit our location in the near future. We hope you allow us the opportunity to serve you again in the future. Willis Blake DOS
This was a great hotel for the price. It was just on the outskirts of Atlanta. Everything we needed was in the area.
Good location, friendly staff. Room was nice and bed was comfortable. Internet was slow so watching TV was difficult, and working on a computer from the room was impossible. Dear JCM691018,Thanks for all of your feedback. We definitely apologize for the quality of our internet service, thanks for sharing that with us so we can find a solution. I have shared your review with my staff to show them how important everyone is in creating a great guest experience. Thanks for letting us as a staff to Make it Right. We look forward to serving you again in the future.ThanksFront Office ManagerTremeil Boone
i have stayed at this hotel for a number of years. the staff is friendly, the hotel is convenient to number of different venues and the price is reasonable. Thank you for your positive feedback on our location during your number of years staying with our location. We hope you continue to stay at our location in the future. Please feel free to contact us on your next trip to the Atlanta area. Willis Blake DOS
I literally stayed for a night because I was too tired to continue driving. The point of me stopping was to get sleep. I was next to a room full of kids screaming, jumping off of things and banging against the wall. I called three times to room service. All three times he came up to speak with the children. Needless to say I didn't get any rest. I called and left a message for the manager and still have yet to have heard from him. This shouldn't even get a star Please accept my personal apologies for the inconvenience you experienced with your hotel stay at our Wingate brand location. Although your experience with us has not been a good one, we hope that youwill offer us the opportunity to provide you with our hospitality on your next trip. Thank you for taking the time to let us know of this situation. We do apologize and look forward to serving you in the future.Sincerely,Willis Blake DOS
I booked the Jacuzzi Suite. The price was reasonable for such a room. At first they gave me a regular suite but when i went back to tell them, they apologized and promptly showed me to the right room. The staff was very friendly and inviting. The room was very clean and everything that i was expecting. The Jacuzzi tub was great. The king size bed was amazing and i slept very well. A much needed relaxation after a long drive. The only thing that i really didn't have the best experience with was the fitness room. A couple of the machines didn't work but that's not too big of a deal. Would definitely stay again.Dear donovang937,Thanks for all the compliments. I have shared your review with my staff to show them how important everyone is in creating a great guest experience. We look forward to serving you again in the future.Thanks Tremeil BooneWingate by Wyndham
Hotel was clean and staff were friendly and helpful. We did have a unique experience while staying here. We arrived at our room at the same time as another guest and found the clerk had assigned us and the other guest to the same room (427). Front desk fixed the problem. Later that night, around 10PM, someone tried to enter our room. They could not as the deadbolt was set. Called the front desk and was informed they had assigned our room to another guest as they had no record of it being assigned to us. We had left the room for a couple of hours to attend a Braves game and were glad they had not done this prior to our return
Everything was great with check in, staff, room, and price. The only thing worth mentioning is the furniture carpet needs updating.
Rooms wasn't cleaned hair was ever where on the desk and table. Yall need someone to check behind the maids! Simple as that. Thought it was nicer for the location wasn't pleased at all and will never stay there again.We are truly sorry to hear that you did not have a pleasant stay with us. I will address all of the issues that you stated with our staff so that we can make improvements. We really appreciate your feedback and will use it to make sure that future guests have a much better experience.
Booked a single room with 2 beds. Upon. Checking in the person at the front desk not only informed me that she was putting me in a single King, but that they didn't have any rooms available for the type of room booked. I asked for a refund since this reservation was made over a week in advance. Desk clerk was very rude, refused a refund. Guy I was traveling with had to sleep on a roll away cotDear Mr. Justin K, Thank you for taking the time to give our business the Wingate by Wyndham Atlanta Galleria feedback. I apologize for the inconvenience you experienced while staying at our Wingate hotel. Our goal is to provide a level of service that requires diligent attention to detail and is a matter of constant reinforcement of our hotel. Once again, we are truly sorry for any inconvenience we caused you. If there is anything else we can assist you with in the future, please don't hesitate to call. We look forward to having you as our guest in the future.Tremeil BooneFront Office ManagerWingate by Wyndham
The location can be a little aggravating getting into from the direction I come from my only real complaint what's the hotel was extremely hot in the lobby and then the hallways the staff was very friendly though the best part about this stay was I was able to walk two SunTrust Park overall a nice hotelDear V4564NVpatrickl, WOW! Thank you for all of your compliments. I have shared your review with my staff just to show them how important everyone on the team is to creating a great guest experience. We are definitely looking forward to your next visit to Atlanta!Tremeil BooneAssistant Manager
Overall, it was your average hotel room. I feel like I could've stayed at a super 8 and got the same room and level of service.
Hi, I had to change two rooms due to the dust and the nastiness of the rooms. The third room sink was stopped up, but I got tired of changing rooms. I will not recommend the Wingate on Cobb Pkwy to anyone.
I was very disappointed with the breakfast.... Food was not good. The room did not cleaned on the first night and on the second day before checkout time - was awakening by housekeeping... When asked the front desk why the room was not cleaned the first day - was told short on help!!!! wowDear wesleym252,Thank you for taking the time to give our business the Wingate by Wyndham Atlanta Galleria feedback. I apologize for the inconvenience you experienced while staying at our Wingate hotel. I have discussed this situation with my entire management staff to ensure that it is not repeated. Our goal is to provide a level of service that requires diligent attention to detail and is a matter of constant reinforcement of our hotel. Once again, we are truly sorry for any inconvenience we caused you. If there is anything else we can assist you with in the future, please don't hesitate to call. We look forward to having you as our guest in the future.Tremeil BooneFront Office ManagerWingate by Wyndham
Hotel stay was ruined 1) the pool closed on the 2nd day due to child's toilet accident. Hotel staff then shocked the pool, and opened it several hours later. However, 2) no warning sign was put out to inform guests that shocked indoor pools are dangerous for people with respiratory problems. Had to end stay at Hotel early due to sudden severe respiratory problems that developed at the pool on 2nd day. My Dr. later informed me that the chemicals in the air from the shocked pool caused my respiratory problems. Hotel also put, unknown 115 charge on our CC after we left, even though we used our Wyndam Rewards points. Manager of hotel failed to respond to written complaints left at the desk. General Manager failed to return several phone calls in a timely manner, and finally told us that Wyndham did not do anything wrong It was a CYA response. Our vacation was ruined. I had to have 7 Rxs filled + Emergency visit to my Dr. who felt I might need to go to the ER. No cleaning staff ever came to our room to clean it.Hello dalef565,Thank you for taking the time to give our business the Wingate by Wyndham Atlanta Galleria. I apologize for the inconvenience you experienced while staying at our Wingate hotel, the pool was in working condition. The incident that happened we did have to take the correct protocol by shocking the pool to insure that no one is harmed by the chemical or the bile. We did check all pool levels and tested the water before allowing anyone in the pool. I have discussed this situation with my entire management staff to ensure that we change the look of our hotel. We do care as a staff about every situation that goes on at our hotel good or bad. Our goal is to provide a level of service that requires diligent attention to detail and is a matter of constant reinforcement of our hotel. Once again, we are truly sorry for any inconvenience we caused you. If there is anything else we can assist you with in the future, please don't hesitate to call. Tremeil BooneFront Office ManagerWingate by Wyndham
I spent 7 nights here under 2 reservations with my first night added just a week before my trip and the other 6 nights were booked months in advance. Both reservations were for a Standard Room, 1 King Bed. However, on check in I was...More
I can't remember which Wingate we stayed at but we came through Florida toward Indy and it was right off that route. This hotel was clean, very friendly but extremely noisy at night. The highway traffic was really bad on a Thursday night during Spring Break. However the hotel room itself was wonderful! It had 2 separate bedrooms with tvs for each, a kitchen area and a computer area plus free breakfast for under 100. It didn't seem to be a crappy part of town either. Would recommend it but not on spring break. Starbucks is just 2 blocks down - bonus.
First of all we actually picked wrong location thinking where we had stayed previously. The other was at another exit. However, we checked in and went to our room and started to settle in. At some point in the evening my wife went to her side of the bed. There was a substance like a gel on the glass table by the bed. She pulled a Kleenex and wiped it all of. She plugged in phone/Ipad for charging and in moving away from bed noticed a condom wrapper on the floor. We decided to just deal with it. My wife told the girl at the front desk when we were going out to dinner. She offered to move us, but at our age it was more trouble than it was worth. We just explained that perhaps they should let cleaning staff responsible for that room that day of the findings. Was really surprised and disappointed. Dear Mr. Harold:Please accept my sincere apology regarding your recent stay at the Wingate by Wyndham Atlanta Galleria. Mr. Harold, what you experienced is not the standard we strive to uphold. We have reviewed our procedures and made appropriate changes to prevent this from occurring in the future. We look forward to having you as a guest with our BRAND in the future. Again, I am sorry for the inconvenience. Please contact me personally for your next reservation at our Wingate.With appreciation,Willis Blake DOS
Upon arrival we meet Veronica, a woman with a beautiful smile, showed professional posture and when beyond the call of duty to make our stay with a feeling of opulence. My husband and I have a certain proclivity towards Wingate by Wyndham rather than other hotels during the Atlanta Jewelry Shows.Dear Mr. Jim M, Thank you so much for taking the time to share your feedback. I will definitely share this information with my entire staff.The Wingate by Wyndham hotel is looking forward for to your next visit to Atlanta please feel free to contact us for any request.Tremeil BooneAssistant Manager
The stay was good but the TV didnt work right. It was very agrevating. Sound and picture was not in sync. Wasnt just in my room it seemed to be a universal problem. We had more than one room with the same issue. Had a leaky tub but the issued was resolved while i was in classDear dannywS45671I, Thank you for your feedback on your recent stay with us. We are sorry to hear that our Wingate hotel did not exceeded your expectations. The experience with our guest room was not the best and we do apologize for that. It was a pleasure having you as our guest. We hope that you contact us, so that we can have another opportunity to Make it Right!Wingate by Wyndham Assistant Manager
Some of the greatest people to deal with. Very clean rooms, great breakfast and just a good atmosphere to stay at the Wingate. Will be staying again next week and will continue to stay as long as I go to Atlanta, GA. Billy, Thank you for taking the time to post comments and feedback on our Trip Advisor page. Its always a pleasure having you stay at our location. Please feel free to contact us on your next visit to the Atlanta area. Willis Blake DOS
Nice, clean, spacious room and bath! Stayed for a conference at the Cobb Galleria. Access in and out was good. Great breakfast!Dear margaretj43, We are thrilled our Wingate by Wyndham Atlanta Galleria exceeded your expectations for an outstanding stay. It is great to read that you were impressed with our friendly associates who took great care of you and with our convenient location to the Cobb Galleria Center. It was a pleasure having you as our guest, and we look forward to your next visit with us soon!Tremeil BooneAssistant Manager
The staff was superb!! The room, however, was not. It was extremely noisy it was not as clean as it should have been and there were several repairs that should have been made. As an example, one side of the commode was not attached to the floor properly, so when you leaned, the commode went with you! Plus, the safe was locked, so we were not able to use it while there.
I went to stay at this hotel and ordered a jacuzzi suite which is suppose to be one of the nicest of their rooms. I go in the rook is huge. It looks nice but as the day goes on I kill at least 8 stink bugs, the bugs that emit a disgusting smell when killed. I use the jacuzzi tub and one of the jets do not work some of the towles have this yellow residue on it and the tub wasnt completely clean. I check out today to find out they charged me 150 dollars because I left some tobacco in the trash which they institute as smoking. I make my own cigarettes so sometimes I do not use all of the tobacco but if I wouldve known I would be charged 150 dollars for leaving tobacco around I would have never went to this hotel. I did not smoke in the room at all and i know it smells nothing like smoke so I do not understand what constitutes the charge of 150 dollars. The general manager was not there so I have to wait until Monday.Our entire hotel is non-smoking. We do charge one hundred and fifty dollars when a guest smokes in the room. We did have several smoking area around the hotel so our guest can smoke outside.Willis Blake DOS
This hotel is in a great locations and was excellent for the price. Right next to the Gallaria. Doug, Were glad you stayed at our location while attending an event at the Cobb Galleria Center. While price is important to the hotel success we understand our customer is the reason we are in business. Please feel free to stay with our Wingate Brand locations in the near future.Willis Blake DOS
Excellent service. Clean room. Comfy bed. No hassle reservation, check-in and check-out. Exercise room left a little to be desired - only 4 machines total which included one treadmill. Indoor pool was excellent.Dear Caronl2017, Thanks for all of your feedback. I have shared your review with the entire staff to show them how important everyone is in creating a great guest experience. We look forward to serving you again in the future.Tremeil BooneFront Office ManagerWingate by Wyndham
I was unhappy with the service for the room. One nite I had to go to the front desk for shampoo etc. because none were restocked. Then I get ready to shower and no washcloths. Were there. Another trip. We have stayed here for at least 4 years and this was a firstThank you for taking the time to let us know about your concerns with our BRAND. I have discussed this situation with my entire staff to ensure it is not repeated. We assure you this kind of incident is not the way we conduct business. Our goal is to provide a level of service that requires diligent attention to detail and is a matter of constant reinforcement of our hotel. Once again, we are truly sorry for the inconvenience we caused you. If there is anything else we can assist you with in the future, please don't hesitate to call. We look forward to having you as our guest in the future.Willis Blake DOS
My husband and I stayed here with 49 other seniors with Coffee Break Tours. This was a great place. We were in room 420 overlooking the parking lot. It was a spacious room with new carpeting, lounge chair w/foot stool, desk, flat screen TV, lots of space with deep dresser. We had a microwave and refrigerator which was an added plus. There was a granite top area with a coffee maker, etc. King size bed with very comfortable bedding. It was all spotless. Nice bath with a large granite vanity, tub/shower combo was immaculate. Great lighting and a good a/c system. The breakfast area in the lobby was spacious. All the regular breakfast items available and the breakfast attendant made sure everything was cleaned up after people left the table. Jennifer was at the desk on this Sat. morning and she was a delight. Very polite, efficient, and thanked us for staying at the hotel. This was one of our better stays. Thanks for making us so comfortable.Thanks for the wonderful compliments! It sure made Jennifer happy to see she was mentioned for her customer service skills! If you're ever in the area again - come back to see us. Willis Blake DOS
Nice hotel, it just needed a deep cleaning. The wall under the bathroom sink was dirty and they didn't move the nightstand to vaccuum (found babyfood under it when I dropped my phone charger behind it). Everything else was rather nice, I'm just rather particular.Dear josepht474,Thank you for staying at the Wingate by Wyndham Atlanta Galleria. We appreciate you sharing your experience with us. Direct feedback from our customers, both good and bad is the most valuable advice we can receive. It helps us to recognize our areas of challenges and make the appropriate adjustments where necessary. Please accept our sincere apology for our cleanliness and because of your valuable feedback we are putting extra work in so that no none will experience this again.Thank YouTremeil BooneFront Office ManagerWingate by Wyndham
Most important -- very comfortable and clean beds. Amenities lacking in that there was only one (1) tissue in the box of kleenex and 1/2 roll of toilet paper on roll.Another concern is that there was only one chair in the room - a desk chair. We were two adults so only place for one of us to sit was on the bed. Would prefer to have at least two sitting spaces, not on the beds. When to breakfast 8:00 a.m. rather slim pickings. Egg server empty and never refilled between 8 and 9. Yogurt case nearly empty, not refilled, Extremely minimal offerings on continental breakfast. Desk staff quite efficient and pleasant. Cost of room appropriate. Basically ok visit NOT outstanding or above average.
It was great to include the small gym. My only complaint was with breakfast. If you offer service until 9am. Then it should remain fully stocked until 9am not short the main items: eggs, bacon, and sausage.When I asked at 8:45 if they bring out more eggs, bacon or sausage I was told no because it was too close to 9am.William Thank you for taking the time to express your feeling regarding your stay at our location. Our free daily breakfast is a great selling point for our customers. I will meet with my staff on Friday and review your comments and concerns. Please feel free to contact us on your next trip to the Atlanta market.Willis Blake DOS
Yes the receptionist was very professional, and upon enterence into the hotel it was nice and the breakfast was good. However I choose this hotel because of the name and it did not meet the standards that I'm use to when staying at a Wingate Hotel and for the price it truely did not match. The pictures looked better online than in person. The door to the hotel room did not open properly, the toilet was very loose and when me or the kids sat on it, it shook - the tub was not properly cleaned so we used the towels to put down on the bottom of the tub. The money I spent on the room did not match the quality of the hotel's name which is why I choose it. For what we got we could have stayed at a motel 6 for a approximately half the price. The computer really sits by the front door and not in a computer room.The location was O.K.Please accept my sincere apology regarding your recent stay at the BRAND of Wingate by Wyndham Atlanta Galleria. Teyonna what you experienced is not the standard we strive to uphold. We have reviewed our procedures and made appropriate changes to prevent this from occurring in the future. We look forward to having you as a guest with our Wingate BRAND in the future. Again, I am sorry for the inconvenience. Please contact me personally for your next reservation at our hotel.Willis Blake DOS
I took my family here for a four-day stay in the Atlanta area. My husband and I stayed in a King room and our boys stayed in a room next to ours. The staff was friendly and helpful, rooms were clean and the King room was a nice size. Rooms had a microwave and fridge. An average breakfast is included in the stay which was nice. My only complaint is that the hotel is very close to the interstate so we heard some traffic at night. Get a room away from the highway if possible. I give it a high three rating.Serena, Hopefully you enjoyed your four day stay at our location over the Holiday Season. We hope you have a opportunity to come stay with us again in the near future. Thank you for your feedback on our location during your stay. Customers feedback is the only way to improve your stay in the future. Willis Blake DOS
Some of my family when checked into the room found there were no towels and washcloths in roomsDear Y3982ZQandres, Thank you for all of your feedback . Reviews such as this help us identify where we can do a better job. I have pass this information along to our staff, so they will know what we can do to improve. Again, I appreciate the time it took to write this review. We hope you'll give us another chance when you are in the area. Gratefully,Wingate by Wyndham
It was difficult to get to. Desk clerk at check in wasn't pleasant seemed like she didn't want to be there. The room was alright plenty of room (jacuzzi suite) but the jacuzzi was misleading was told multiple times it was a 2 person tub when in fact it was not, there was tiles broken in the bathroom and what looked liked repaired water damage on the ceiling. Holes in bathmat, stains on towels, didn't service our room well, bed was not made the first morning, never stocked cups or paper products the whole time. The breakfast was edible but pretty bland, decided to eat out for breakfast after the first morning, but the Saturday breakfast guy was very friendly. Very few tv channels that was disappointing. Bed wasn't all that comfortable tossed and turned each night. 3 night stay, would stay again good rooms for the price paid.CrystalThank you for taking the time to let us know about your concerns with our Wingate BRAND. We assure you this kind of incident is not the way we conduct business. Our goal is to provide a level of service that requires diligent attention to detail and is a matter of constant reinforcement of our hotel. Once again, we are truly sorry for the inconvenience we caused you. If there is anything else we can assist you with in the future, please don't hesitate to call. We look forward to having you as our guest in the future.Yours In Hospitality,---Willis Blake DOS
Our experience was amazing. Geraldine at the front desk went above and beyond to get us into our room. We traveled in from Philadelphia early in the morning and while many guests were checking out she worked to get us into our room so we would be comfortable. She is an asset to your company.Geraldine is truly a gem. She is a great leader at the front desk and all the guests just love her. We are happy to hear that she made your stay just that much better. We hope you enjoyed the game and that you choose to stay with us again in the future.
The staff were friendly and courteous, the head of house keeping does a great job in making sure the customers are taken care of. The management should think about getting their house keeping department better cleaning solutions for the bathroom tiles are starting to mildew up and there was some black mold starting to form around the top soap dish in the bathroom tubDear Rocky D,Thank you so much for all of your feedback. All your concerns are important to us! I will definitely share this information with my entire staff. The Wingate by Wyndham hotel is looking forward for to your next visit to Atlanta please feel free to contact us for any request!Tremeil B.Assistant Manager
I flew in from a deployment to Afghanistan and met my family in Atlanta. We chose the hotel because of its proximity to the stadium. When we got our room we noticed a few problems: the futon bed/sofa had both back legs broken or detached. When my kids sat on it they nearly fell back into the wall. When I told the from desk they just put a roll away bed in the room (which you could feel every spring through). The shower faucet was falling off the wall as well. When I reported to the front desk they just didnt seem to care. When I called down for linen for the toll away bed they told me to come get it myself- because only one worker on duty. Just less than impressed with the stay. Unfortunate because the location is great. Thank you for staying at the Wingate by Wyndham Atlanta Galleria lisadJ4273! We appreciate you sharing your experience with us. Direct feedback from our customers, both good and bad is the most valuable advice we can receive. It helps us to recognize our areas of challenges and make the appropriate adjustments where necessary. Please accept our sincere apology for falling short of the standards we all expect from Wyndham hotels.
The rooms were great. Breakfast was not well stocked so not much available if you were not there right away! Biggest complaint was both our rooms were not ready at check in! One of them wasn't ready until 5 pm! Not cool after a day of traveling! Dear amyh6751RH, I want to take this opportunity to apologize for the poor service you received during your stay at the BRAND of Wyndham. Your experience with our BRAND was not the quality of service that we have promised to provide to our guests. Our BRAND promise is something that we strive to deliver to every guest every day. There is no excuse that our staff did not fulfill that promise in your case. Please accept our apologies. Thank you for choosing BRAND and I look forward to the opportunity to better serve you in the future!!!!Gratefully, Tremeil Boone Assistant Manager
I have always stayed at any Wyndham whenever I travel, my experience has always been the best. What made my stay to at this location was the front desk personnel Terry. He was so accommodating. Terry offered details about the city where to go visit....More
Everything was clean, fairly updated, nice. The hotel was easy to get to from 75 and 285. We had a small couch, microwave, and mini fridge. We used the iron, safe, and hair dryer all without hiccups. The king bed in our room was so comfortable- I think memory foam, maybe And the pillows were not just big hard marshmallows but able to be fluffed and shaped a little. Breakfast was decent- scrambled eggs, sausage links, waffles, juice, coffee, cereal, fruit, yogurt, bread and bagels. Our only complaint was that the road noise from 285 was quite noticeable. We had a 4th floor room in the back, on the same end of the building as the pool. I think it would have been even louder on the front of the building though! Also when people flushed their toilets in other rooms, we could hear them. Didn't hear anyone's TVs or voices through the walls. Not sure if that's a function of the hotel or its guests that night though. We would stay here again, but maybe bring ear plugs, or request a different room, or try to run the fan on the heat/ac unit to provide some white noise.Thank you for taking the time to post comments on Trip Advisor about our location. We understand it takes time to post comments and feedback online. We review all feedback and comments in our weekly staff meeting. Feedback helps us to continue to improve our service to each customer who stays at our Wingate brand locations. Please feel free to contact us on your next trip to Atlanta.Willis Blake DOS
The staff was wonderful. Diane at the front desk, Ms. Yulonda in housekeeping and the gentleman cooking breakfast were so great in making my family and I feel welcomed. I will definitely return to this hotel. Dear Calvin K,Thanks for all of your feedback. I have shared your review with the three employees that you recognized and with entire staff to show them how important everyone is in creating a great guest experience. We look forward to serving you again in the future.Tremeil BooneFront Office ManagerWingate by Wyndham
From the outside the hotel look like a older hotel but inside has totally been updated on the inside. Our room was very clean and was much larger than expected. The bed was comfortable and we had plenty of pillows. There was even and lounge area in our room. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The only thing is that traffic is horrible around there so either use the free shuttle of ride sharing.Dear Mr. Christopher P, Thank you so much for taking the time to share your feedback. I will definitely share this information with my entire staff.The Wingate by Wyndham hotel is looking forward for to your next visit to Atlanta please feel free to contact us for any request.Tremeil BooneAssistant Manager
Overall good hotel for price and location, nice clean rooms and good breakfast , what else you need when your traveling Dear 746sunilp, Thank you so much for taking the time to share your feedback. I will definitely share this information with my entire staff.The Wingate by Wyndham hotel is looking forward for to your next visit to Atlanta please feel free to contact us for any request.Tremeil BooneAssistant Manager
The Wingate location was convenient and the staff was very polite and informative the rooms were neat and prepared exactly how I asked Plenty of deliver food restaurants in the area overall I enjoyed my stay and I will continuously to stay thereDear tavarrush, Thank you so much for all of your feedback. I have shared your review with the entire staff to show them how important everyone is in creating a great guest experience. We cant wait to see you the next time around.Tremeil BooneFront Office ManagerWingate by Wyndham
This is an average hotel. We requested a firm bed on line and during check in because of my back problem. The mattresses were broken down and NOT firm. The breakfast was minimal and the milk was past expiration. The only two things that brought this 2 night stay up to average was the great front staff and housekeeping.Thank you for taking the time to let us know about your concerns with our BRAND. I apologize for the inconvenience you experienced when at our hotel I have discussed this situation with my entire staff to ensure it is not repeated. We assure you this kind of incident is not the way we conduct business. Our goal is to provide a level of service that requires diligent attention to detail and is a matter of constant reinforcement of our hotel. Once again, we are truly sorry for the inconvenience we caused you. If there is anything else we can assist you with in the future, please don't hesitate to call. We look forward to having you as our guest in the future.Yours In Hospitality,Willis Blake DOS
Had king bedroom on front side of hotel, which faces east towards the very busy noisy Cobb Parkway. Also, Interstate 285 (which passes right over Cobb Parkway to the immediate southeast of the hotel) added to the CONSTANT din of background traffic. The thin...More
My boyfriend and I stayed here for opening day of SunTrust Park. It was the perfect place to stay. We were able to park at the hotel and walk to the game in less than 10 minutes. I would defiantly recommend this hotel to anyone in town for a game. There wasnt any traffic getting to the hotel and the room was bigger than I expected and very clean. Will be staying her again. Dear Mr. Matthew0917,Thank you so much for all of your feedback. I will definitely share this information with my entire staff. The Wingate by Wyndham hotel is looking forward for to your next visit to Atlanta please feel free to contact us for any request. Tremeil BooneAssistant Manager
Room and staff were AOK, but breakfast was not something great and the computers in the buisness area were not working wellDear Casimir M,Thank you so much for all of your feedback. I have shared your review with the entire staff to show them how important everyone is in creating a great guest experience. We have taken care of the business center because of your helpful feedback and we are looking into how we can our breakfast bar selection. We cant wait to see you the next time around.Tremeil BooneFront Office ManagerWingate by Wyndham
This was the third year we have stayed at this particular hotel while attending an event for my daughter. The previous two years were enjoyable stays. This year was terrible. The television and internet did not work most of the weekend. Went down to breakfast and was told there was no juice because they were not prepared for the number of guests. The lobby, walkway in front of the elevators, and dining area were torn up the entire weekend. I am shocked that renovations would be planned during a busy weekend. So very disappointed! Got a great rate, but I guess you get what you pay for.Dear S6674SGamandac,Thank you for taking the time to give our business the Wingate by Wyndham Atlanta Galleria feedback. I apologize for the inconvenience you experienced while staying at our Wingate hotel. I have discussed this situation with my entire management staff to ensure that it is not repeated. The condition of internet and television was unacceptable, but because of your feedback we did take care of both situations. Our goal is to provide a level of service that requires diligent attention to detail and is a matter of constant reinforcement of our hotel. Once again, we are truly sorry for any inconvenience we caused you. If there is anything else we can assist you with in the future, please don't hesitate to call. We look forward to having you as our guest in the future.Tremeil BooneFront Office ManagerWingate by Wyndham
We wanted a place within walking distance of Blind Willie's and this hotel got the best ratings on Tripadvisor. It was a great place to stay! The room was clean and comfortable, there was good coffee in the morning and it was not only within walking distance of Blind Willie's but the Jimmy Carter Presidential library as well. Would definitely stay here again.Thank you for your wonderful review! We appreciate your feedback and are happy to hear that you enjoyed your stay. It would be our pleasure to have you as a guest in the future, please come back soon!Thank you,Kristin AndersonAssistant Hotel ManagerThe Highland Inn
I booked at hotels.com for a quick overnight trip for our nephew's graduation. The inn touted itself as a European boutique hotel, but it's really a step up from a hostel. Bare bones. We paid half the fee charged on their website for a double room. Double means just that: double beds. When I called to confirm the day before our trip, I got no answer, so I emailed. The reply from the front desk staff was condescending and rude, and immediately I regretted booking at the Highland Inn. I then discovered that others have complained (if you want link, let me know). It was too late to cancel, so I arrived with trepidation. The room was spartan, the shower was awful, the a/c window units were not very effective, the carpet was old, the fridge was banged up, and the breakfast was paltry. However, the neighborhood was cute (my local relative said it was not that good but I couldn't tell from our brief stay) and it's close to historic midtown (2 miles). The management never contacted me re the rude reception, and my final recommendation is to go somewhere else.Thank you for taking the time to leave us a review. We take all feedback seriously, and sincerely regret that you did not have a positive experience with us. Currently, we are replacing the window units throughout the hotel with individual heating/cooling units, however, if your unit was not working efficiently we would have been happy to move you and the same goes for the shower. Any time you are not happy with anything during your stay, we are more than happy to help. Upon further investigation, I am having trouble locating the email you spoke of, and it certainly is not in keeping with how we treat our guests. We urge you to contact us directly to discuss. We strive to make our guests stay the best it can be and would be more than happy to address this situation with our staff. Thank you,Kristin Anderson
I had a nice 5-night stay at this hotel. I was originally supposed to stay for 4 nights but my flight got cancelled and the hotel, graciously and without hassle or fanfare, allowed me to stay in my same room for an extra night and for the same nightly rate that I had booked when I was making my original reservation online. My room was located on the ground floor towards the back and the only disturbance was the restaurant next door late in the evenings. However, I'm not a light sleeper so once I went to bed, it didn't bother me at all. The legendary cat greeted me when I was checking in (around midnight) and he allowed me to pet him. I only saw him once more during my stay. This hotel is very well located - there are 2 cafes within 5 minutes walk and another 1 about 20 minutes' walk away - and there's a barbecue place right next door, a diner around the corner and a gourmet pizza place across the street. I sampled them all and was happy with my meals and coffee drinks. The hotel serves a continental breakfast. It's nothing to write home about but it will hold you for a few hours and I liked the convenience of not having to go in search of breakfast first thing in the morning. Ponce City Market is very nearby so there are a tonne more food options within easy reach. My room was well kept and very clean. It looks pretty dated but is very well maintained. My only problem was that the hot water took more than 15 minutes to really get hot and since I'm not a big fan of wasting water, I ended up taking tepid/warm showers most of the time, instead of really hot the way I like it. The staff were helpful when needed but not overly friendly. I had a good stay and I would return to this hotel if I needed to stay in that area again. Oh, and there's a Publix behind the hotel, about a 3 minute walk, which was very convenient when I needed cold medicine.
Stayed here as part of an air - hotel package. The room was perfect except for a very small shower. It was clean and the maid service was good. The neighborhood is awesome, walking distance from many bars and restaurants .
The Inn had so much character . And the staff there were so friendly and helpful. Especially the manager steve H. I definitely will be visiting the Inn again. Loved the entertainment in the Ballroom. The continental breakfast was great
I was in Atlanta overnight for Christmas shopping in December. I stayed again at the Highland Inn as it is a very good location if you are coming into Atlanta off I-75/I-85. I also enjoy its proximity to Whole Foods and good restaurants and coffee shops. It's also an easy trip up to Buckhead with Lenox Square and Phipps Plaza.My room was again very clean and roomy. This Inn has character and the staff have always been helpful on my three stays.
Just stayed here and really enjoyed the hotel. It has a lot of unique charm to offer. It is not your standard hotel ... only those who like something a little different will appreciate this hotel. The rooms were clean and the beds were comfortable. The layout of my two bedroom was fun (meaning it wasn't the typical layout - two beds side by side). It was more like two separate rooms adjoined by a door. Overall I really like this unique and charming hotel - would stay again. I really enjoyed the location too.We really appreciate you taking a moment to share your experience. It's always nice to hear when a guest has had a positive experience and appreciates the charm of our inn. I'll be sure to share your kind words with our staff. Please come back and see us again soon!Best wishes, Kristin Anderson Assistant Hotel ManagerThe Highland Inn
I have stayed here 3 time and each time I say to my self I will come back. It's clean they are very nice. each room is very different in a good way.!there is a bar that place music on friday,saturday night and if you get the right room you can here it for free. they did quit fairly early.it is a very friendly Inn!
We stayed her as part of our Honeymoon trip recommended by the local Tourist Board. We were very disappointed on arrival the hotel was built in the early 1900, however they have not spent much money on the property, Carpets were grim and dull and walls and paintwork was cracked , mould and paint peeling off. Bathroom was tiny, while sitting on the loo you were able to rest your head on the wall in front of you. Shower just about dribbled out so you barely got wet. They were working in two rooms with lots of concrete and dust, we were not told this at the time of making our reservation, which was on the day of arrival. The hotel also had an evening event taking place in the ballroom and our room was overlooking part of the courtyard where everyone spilled out to during breaks and when it finished the noise was so bad it was as if we were lying in the middle of a nightclub. We were kept awake after driving over 300 miles and on honeymoon. Breakfast was very limited/basic in fact with very low cost items and plastic plates/cups ect. Not what I would expect having paid over 100Thank you for your review. We try to notify all guests of events in our ballroom and I am sorry that we failed to do so when you checked in. I sincerely regret the disturbance to you and your wife. In the future, if you have any trouble in your room or otherwise, please alert the front desk and we will be happy to move you to a more suitable room. Your feedback is very important to us and appreciated as it helps us to make improvements. Best, Kristin Anderson Assistant Hotel ManagerThe Highland Inn
Very pleased with my stay at The Highland Inn in Atlanta. Clean, spacious room, conveniently located near several restaurants and shopping centers. Friendly and attentive staff. Loved the cat! I highly recommend this hotel.
The rooms are quite dated, but clean and functional. I would not recommend this hotel for the elderly or people with limited mobility. The continental breakfast leaves a lot to be desired. It's a perfectly adequate budget hotel and located conveniently.
Wanted a funky old hotel and that is what we got. Room was very small, but clean. Had some plumbing problems that they could not fix before we left. Had to use the lobby toilet. Too much noise late at night on a Sunday. Free breakfast was a couple of packages of English muffins and a toaster. Cool neighborhood. Close to downtown.Thank you for taking the time to leave us your feedback. All of our rooms are different and we do have larger rooms depending on how much you want to spend. It sounds like you stayed in one of our budget friendly rooms which do tend to be smaller. Sorry to hear that you had plumbing issues, we normally would move you unless we were at capacity. I do apologize for the inconvenience this issue caused you. Our breakfast is complimentary and is comparable to industry standards (English muffins, bagels, toast, yogurt, fruit, oatmeal, cereal, milk, juice coffee). If you are looking for a hot breakfast in the future there are several great options within walking distance. Best, Kristin Anderson, Assistant Hotel Manager
The Highland Inn is absolutely charming! All of the staff was incredibly friendly, the neighborhood could not be cooler and the room had a ton of personality. There are a jillion bars, music venues and restaurants in easy walking distance.Thank you for coining us the best in-town hotel! We are happy to hear that you got to experience our wonderful neighborhood and that our staff was friendly. Hopefully, we will welcome you back to the inn in the near future!Best wishes, Kristin AndersonAssistant General ManagerThe Highland Inn
This is a great hotel at a great price. I stayed here for four nights from May 27 to June 1. Not only are the amenities great, free continental breakfast, free Wi Fi, free parking, a laundry room, restaurant and bar, books, magazines, a nice sitting room and comfortable bedrooms with air conditioning, tubs, showers, and cable TV. You are within walking distance of parks, shops, restaurants, bars, and public transportation. I also discovered by accident that It is just two blocks from President Jimmy Carter's museum. What else can you askThank you for taking the time to leave such an extensive and wonderful review of the hotel. We love that you appreciate our uniqueness and that you were able to experience our wonderful area. Please come back and visit us again soon!Best, Kristin AndersonAssistant Hotel ManagerThe Highland Inn
This was an amazing place to stay the people were so friendly and upon my arrival I was offered a suite instead of the room that I had reservations for and they did not charge me extra for the better room. They were very helpful with directions and everything. Definitely a great place to stay if you are visiting Atlanta and within walking distance of many great places.
When you see a hotel in a great location in Atlanta costing about 80 per night, you know it's not going to be the Holiday Inn. I saw the bad reviews, but none of the complaints proved true, the hot water worked fine. Other than the seam in the carpet being visible, a most uneven floor, and a TV a little far from the bed, there was nothing to criticize. The room was clean and large with a sofa, small fridge, microwave, and comfortable bed. Some may be offended because the bathroom is small and the lavatory is in the room. Virginia Highlands is a great, downtown neighborhood with great restaurants. One block away is the very nice and reasonably priced hipster Sweet Auburn BBQ which is not traditional BBQ, but good. Within a few blocks are residential streets listed on the historic register because of their unique architecture. The neighborhood feels safe. The King Center, Carter Center, and Fernbank Science Museum are no more than 5-10 minutes by car depending on the traffic. For the same price you can stay at an econolodge near a mall at an interstate exit with newer carpet. Thank you for taking the time to leave such an extensive and wonderful review of the hotel. We love that you appreciate our uniqueness and that you were able to truly experience our neighborhood. Please come back and visit us again soon!Best wishes, Kristin Anderson Assistant Hotel ManagerThe Highland Inn
This hotel is located in a great location near walking distance to restaurants and a nice running trail. It's not always the nicest of rooms and it can get noisy at nice, but it serves the purpose for when I'm travelling for business since I don't need a car or the Marta to get around town. This is a distance from the airport so know that it is probably easier to take a cab.
I have no idea what all the complaints are about with this vintage, friendly, accomodating,centrally located Inn. From Ken, who was sitting outside at 7:30 a.m. in the morning when Iarrived and waited til I checked in to even carry my bag upstairs and absolutely refused totake a tip from me, to T. J., who by telephone was able to change my room and was sovery friendly at check-in and check-out and even offered to lock up my luggage aftercheck out time. They are both keepers and with a small inconvenience of deluxe roomsit was worth it to meet these kind of people in a big city environment where people aremore concerned about the almighty dollar than treating people with cordiality. My experiencein Atlanta will be remembered because I decided to stay at the Highland Inn instead of ahotel chain. Keep up the great atmostphere and positive greetings and helpfulness toyour guests! Much Appreciated.Wow! Thank you for your 5-star review. We really appreciate you sharing your experience with potential guests and for the kind words about our location and staff! I will be sure to share your praises with them. Please stay with us again the next time you are in the area!Best wishes, Kristin Anderson Assistant Hotel ManagerThe Highland Inn
This is a great place to stay in Atlanta. There are bars and restaurants close by and it is a nice, safe area to walk around. There are bus stops near by and it is a pleasant twenty minute walk to the MARTA station which goes to the airport. There is a vegetarian restaurant next door but we went to Manuel's bar down the road which is a great place to eat. There is also Publix supermarket just round the corner. The staff were really friendly and helped us out when we needed to use a phone to call our car hire company. The breakfast was minimal but there are places to eat nearby so it isn't a problem. The place is 'european style' and is decorated in a quirky way. A great place to stay.
As you walk into the front door you are immediately taken back to a time before you were born. At least, if you were born after 1927. That is right, this one is still standing, still functioning, and still serving the public as it reaches 90. Your room key can be found in the appropriate cubbyhole, and when you travel down one of the long hallways and reach your room, well ... you are in 1927 with an internet connection! Well maintained and adequate you will enjoy this step into the past.
For a low-budget hotel this is very classy, especially at 45/night through hotels.com. I stayed there five nights for a conference and parked downtown for 5 - 8 per day. There is also convenient public transportation. The staff is the friendliest and most natural I have ever met.The bed was a little soft and there was no bureau for clothes, but I would return every time rather than pay 2 - 3 times as much. The neighborhood is truly funky and laid back, Cafe 640 next door has wonderful cuisine, and there is a good coffee shop one block north. You can afford to pay for good coffee at these rates.
Absolutely perfect. I am a young(ish) widow who returned to my roots in Atlanta for a reunion with dear friends two years after the death of my darling husband. This hotel was in a word, magical. The location was ideal, the atmosphere was serene, and the accommodations, although simple and basic, were so appreciated. It was truly my home away from home, although I felt more at home there than I do in my own home. Ive stayed in five star hotels in Europe that I did not enjoy as much as I did The Highland. I will not stay anywhere else ever while in Atlanta, until I move backJulie, Thank you so much for your review. It means so much to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us. We hope to welcome you back again soon.
Stayed here for a couple of nights in November while visiting relatives nearby.The property is old (quaint if you prefer) but the room was clean and functional.I stayed at the back end of the lobby level so it was quiet and pleasant enough. My only observation was the Wifi in the room didn't work especially well. I think if one were to stay in a room closer to the lobby that problem wouldn't be as much of an issue.I would stay here again.
My boyfriend and I decided to do a quick weekend trip to Atlanta. He has been staying at this hotel for a decade and recommended that we stay here. I'm glad we did. The building has a great vibe to it: old-school, independent, classic. The staff were super nice and always said hi and bye as we came and left. The rooms are fine. They aren't luxury, but we weren't looking for luxury. Bed was comfy, linens were clean. Windows opened, so we were able to have fresh air. Pirate the cat stays there and is super cool, too. I'll definitely come back.
We stayed at Homewood Suites in Macon the night before my daughter's test. The hotel was very close to the testing center. We had a nice room and a very comfortable bed. We enjoyed the breakfast and wish we had taken advantage of the dinner.
This hotel was great. Absolutely no problems .Complimentary breakfast was great. Staff very polite at all times. Location convenient to I75 exit and entry.1 recommend this hotel to anyone who needs a great stay.
Very Nice Homewood Suites off I-75 in Macon, GA. The staff was very friendly and food was a step up the usual food at most Homewood Suites hotels. They are in a good location with several bar and grill options near by.
Great location! Staff excellent and very clean and quite! Breakfast included and very good. Close to great shopping and big Bass Pro shop on same exit. Natalias Italian restaurant next door is a must!
My family and I visited this property after an bad experience with another local hotel. Staff was great! Jeremiah at the front desk was helpful and check in took maybe 2 minutes. Room was clean and even the hallways were in order. Kids loved breakfast, pharmacy/gas/dining was within a very close distance. We will be back!
This hotel is away from the main traffic so no outside noise. There is a small shopping plaza across the street with a publix. Free nightly small snack style dinner, coffee around the clock and a nice breakfast in the morning also included. We did leave a tip because the girls cleaning and tuning the kitchen were very friendly and... More
We stayed here with our 3 young kids in a king suite. The sofa bed was flimsy and you could feel the springs but my kids didn't mind. The hotel is right off the highway near a CVS and Publix, and the surrounding area is nice too, not sketchy. The hotel was kept up very well, it was very clean... More
After traveling all day and being extremely tired, this was a pleasurable hotel experience. I didn't expect much from the area or the outside look. I was surprise and how nice this hotel is. You won't spend better money than on this particular location.
it was just what we needed , we were very tired, Hampton is our favorite place to stay, when we are away .the beds are always comfortable. easy parking clean, and new and fresh. always a pleasant staff
Beautiful city and very nice motel by the river. We will return someday. Folks at the motel were very helpful and friendly. We loved going too Helen, Ga. during December. The crowds are smaller and the resturants have short wqits to eat.
Riverbend is the perfect motel, clean, and great location. It's within walking distance of everything, and sits right on the beautiful river. Mark the owner goes above and beyond to assist, great customer service! We will be returning in the future.
We stayed there one night in October. When we arrived the person at the desk was very friendly helped us get our luggage to our room. The bad though outweighed the good. We had booked a king and they sold out of those so we had 2 queens. The room was clean but was very tired looking. The new... More
We rented a cabin on site. Great open nature setting. Very Pet Friendly and clean!!! Was able to build a camp fire, and heard the river in the background. Roasted marshmallows. Walked 3 minutes to downtown bar. Great stay and MUST for any outdoors types with pets.
Mark, the owner, was so very very nice. When we checked in my husband mentioned that the ramp up to the 1st floor was quite steep and wasn't sure if I would be able to make it up it. He showed him a few different rooms and let my husband choose which one he wanted, took a book of the... More
Our room was very large with the most comfortable bed ever! You could stand on the balcony outside our door, see and hear the river flowing right by the hotel. We were within walking distance to everything in Downtown Helen! The owners went out of their way to make our stay great! Will definitely stay here again!
My wife and I have visited Helen, GA every year (except one) since 2001 attending the annual Oktoberfest celebration. We have pretty-much settled on the Riverbend Motel as our 'go-to' accommodation each year. The facility/rooms are neat and clean. The location couldn't be much better - two blocks from the main street in Helen. This is ideal as everything is... More
Rooms were simple, clean and neat. Carpet gone and hardwood flooring is a pleasant touch.Beds are comfy, and our dog was welcomed. The place is situated at the end of the street so no thru traffic, and there is a babbling creek running out back wi!th swings to sit in and enjoy the peace. Breakfast was a little sparse (coffee... More
We brought my mom and dad for the first time to Helen, one of our favorite spots. Luckily we found the Riverbend Motel Cabins. The room was beautiful and the view even better. From the balcony you could watch the river rushing and see a variety of birds. The walk to Main Street was very short and pleasant. The... More
Nice place to stay, close to everything and you gotta meet Mark, he takes customer service to the next level. The room had a view of the river with a king bed that was really comfortable and the room was clean
My wife and I decided on a whim to drive up to Helen for a quick two night stay. We called Riverbend Hotel on our way up and we were given a great deal on the room. It was quiet, our room was clean, and the owner was very friendly and accommodating. He gave us great meal recommendations. We had... More
First trip as a couple. Loved the location....right in the middle of town. Everything was within walking distance. Staff was super friendly and helpful. Rooms were newly renovated and super cute. Bathrooms still needed a little work, though. Will definitely come back in the summer!!
This hotel is very good for its pricing. Very comfortable beds are always important. Location is perfect in town because if you visit in low or hi season you will always be 200 meters from the center of town, but also right in front of a quiet river and with no more disturbances around to get your deserved rest. During... More
This is your home away from home, hands down! The staff are great and friendly very welcoming. The rooms are great and clean, there's plenty of restaurant's to choose from within walking distance. there's also shopping and sight seeing near by. And last but not...More
Put into place a system that validates the total cleaning of each room. With special attention given to clean bed sheets and making certain that sheets are on mattress properly. The desk clerks were exceptional. The decor in the lobby was tasteful.
this hotel is in a great location. Very convenient off the highway and within walking distance to the historic Fox Theater and great restaurants. Room was very clean and comfortable. Very spacious as well. Bed was very comfortable. Staff was very nice. Very affordable too....MoreThank you for taking the time to share your feedback from your recent visit with us. We are delighted that you enjoyed your stay and will share all of your comments with our entire team.
I really enjoyed my week at the conference center and hotel. The service was good for the most part. Arthur is an amazing service provider and very eager to help patrons have a good experience. I really liked the conference center. The rooms are comfortable and the snacks were good. I'd like to see a little more protein in any and all good that is provided. The bathrooms were nice and the staff very easy to work with. I would recommend anyone to enjoy the conference center for training or event. The parking is decent and cost is a little high.Thank you for taking the time to share details from your recent visit with us. We are delighted that you enjoyed your stay but even more thrilled that you shared your experience with the thousands of visitors to Trip Advisor each day.
This is the third time I've been on a team hosting an event held at the Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center. They never disappoint! The staff are always ready to help: Yolanda, Bobbie, Eliana, Marie, Brad, and I'm forgetting so many more. Thank you...MoreWe are delighted that your stay at Georgia Tech was memorable and you took the time to share your recent experience with the thousands of visitors to Trip Advisor. We are especially delighted your company chose us to host your conference. A special Thank You...More
This hotel met the bill for everything we needed to do for our visit. It's right on the edge of the GT campus and directly across from the campus bookstore (lots of swag available) it's within walking distance of a MARTA stop, and the busy downtown Peachtree/Centennial area is about a mile away, which translates into a quick taxi ride or one subway stop away. The area felt safe, and the hotel was clean and the staff pleasant. It's not a luxury hotel, but the price is among the best in the area.Thank you for the nice review. Our location lends itself to a variety of attractions, local restaurants, sporting venues and of course our location on the GT campus is unmatched in the market. We are delighted you enjoyed your visit with us and will share your comments with all of our team members.
The staff that arrange the conference facilities are excellent. They bend over backwards and are at your beck and call at all times. a real top class facility. Unfortunately this was let down by some very poor service in the hotel area. Staff were unfriendly,...MoreThank you for taking the time to share your feedback with us. As what you experienced is the norm here at our beautiful property, we appreciate the candid feedback and we are sharing all your concerns with our entire team.
I need to first call out Mr. Fred, who helped us set up Rosalind's crib at 11 pm at night. All of the staff were very courteous and friendly, and made us feel at home. Later in the week, my chemistry fraternity had our banquet there. The food was some of the best I have ever had at a banquet. I highly recommend this hotel, for all business needs.Thank you for this wonderful review. Its a WOW! We are so delighted that we made your stay a memorable one. Thank you for the wonderful comments about our hotel we will share those with our entire team. We look forward to hosting you again should your travel plans bring you back the Midtown, Atlanta area.
We love to stay here when we visit out son at Georgia Tech. You cant beat the location if your child lives on campus or your attending a ball game. Many good restaurants are in walking distance. So is Publix and a Package store across...MoreThank you for the nice review. Our location lends itself to a variety of attractions, local restaurants, sporting venues and of course our location on the GT campus is unmatched in the market. We are delighted you enjoyed your visit with us and will share...More
This is a great hotel with a great location! We spent a lot of our time in downtown and in the Buckhead area and we had easy access to both (we drove everywhere we we went). The Barnes and Nobles with a Starbucks was right...MoreThank you for this wonderful review. We are so delighted that we made your stay a memorable one. Thank you for the wonderful comments about our hotel we will share those with our entire team. We look forward to hosting you again should your travel...More
Spent four days at the GT Hotel Conf Center and it was a very good place to host a meeting for a large group. There were 165 people in our group and the amphitheaters were plenty large and comfortable to accommodate our group. In...MoreWow what a wonderful review. Thank you for all the wonderful comments that will be seen with the thousands of visitors to Trip Advisor each day. Our entire team is delighted that your experience was memorable and many of our associates left a lasting impression...More
I organized a workshop with some twenty people on the Tech campus. Aida was an outstanding sales rep. Although the rooming arrangements were complicated (some were self-pay, some were paid by a grant) the entire process went extremely smoothly. Participants not only enjoyed the hotel...More
I enjoyed my stay at this hotel for 3 reasons. First, the staff made me feel welcome and were able to fulfill my every request. Last of all, the room was comfortable and Very Clean! Thanks Tech team, I'll be back.Thank you for taking the time to provide us with all the wonderful feedback from your recent stay. We will share all your comments with our entire team.
Very customer-focused! All of the staff takes a customer first approach. Great facilities for conferences.
I recently visited the Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center to attend an annual company conference. I was greetd when entering the hotel by a gentleman with a big smile and a strong Welcome to the Georgia Tech Hotel and Confernce Center . This set...MoreThank you for sharing your most recent experience with the thousands of visitors to Trip Advisor. We are delighted that your stay was most enjoyable. We will share all your comments with our entire team.
Came to town for a funeral and needed a room on short notice to fit my family. They had an online book now special for 179. The location was perfect, as was the price! Front desk staff was polite, efficient, and professional. The room was clean and very nicely put together. The kids loved the pool, which we had all to ourselves in the evening. The concierge John always smiled and was so helpful. The parking garage was safe and had some great views out over the top of GA Tech's campus. I would stay here again and recommend it to anyone. Thank you for all the wonderful comments that will be seen with the thousands of visitors to Trip Advisor each day. Our entire team is delighted that your experience was memorable and many of our associates left a lasting impression on you. We will share all of your comments with our entire team and look forward to hosting you again in the near future should your travel plans bring you back to MIdtown Atlanta
I loved staying at the hotel and conference center. It made my visit to the university campus a breeze. The breakfast buffet was delicious and the staff took great care of us. We enjoyed a great dinner in the Club Room as well. I look...MoreWe look forward to your next stay with us. I have shared your positive comments regarding the breakfast buffet and dinner with our culinary team. In addition, our housekeeping staff will be keeping a better eye on our supply of towels at the pool. We...More
It was a great experience except the check in was a little confusing. I recommend confirmation numbers and make sure that names are assigned to rooms. This would be for mulitple rooms. I dealt directly with Aida Crnic the sales manager and she was very...MoreThanks for the nice review and for mentioning Aida! There are many great swimming events at the GA Tech Aquatic Center and we enjoy hosting the teams that swim there!
Very clean hotel. Great location! Walking distance to the Georgia Tech campus and lots of great dining. Comfortable beds and furniture. Taxi cabs very accessible. Front desk always friendly and welcoming.
Wonderful holiday decorations and background Christmas music. The Pub was very cozy and the staff was welcoming. It would have been helpful to have had a concierge because Atlanta is so enormous, to have helped with dining and entertainment suggestions. UBER was a great way...MoreThank you for this wonderful review. We are so delighted that we made your stay a memorable one. Thank you for the wonderful comments about our hotel we will share those with our entire team. We look forward to hosting you again should your travel...More
I had to plan a trip for 81 high school debate students who were competing on campus at Georgia Tech. I can't say enough good things about this experience. The hotel is right on (next to) campus and very near affordable food options. The staff...MoreThank you for this wonderful review. We are so delighted that we made your stay a memorable one and enjoyed hosting you as our guest Thank you for the wonderful comments about our hotel which will share we will share with our entire team. We...More
Keeping in mind this is a Motel 6, not a Hampton Inn, this hotel is great. Rooms were comfy and quiet. There's a place to walk the dogs where people seemed to be picking up after their dogs (yay!). Free wifi, fridge, and microwave. Beds could be a tad more comfortable. After a week, my back hurts. :-( That's really... More
I have been reluctant to try Motel 6, but after reading the reviews on this one in Perry, and being desperate, I booked a room. I was very pleasantly surprised!! I requested a non-smoking room, and that is actually what I got!! It did not reek of smoke, or heavy perfumes trying to cover up odors. The room simply did... More
As traveling thru Perry Georgia, we stayed overnight at Motel 6. Their was blood on the bathroom door. The bed was very uncomfortable, very old and worn out. The place was noisy all night long. Doors slamming, people yelling Wfi did not work.i Do not recommend.
The airline put me here when weather delayed my flight and I missed the connection. The place is not well maintained in general. I will put up with a lot, but when a dozen cockroaches run out of the room when I opened the door, I'm out. This place should be condemned.
We stayed at this hotel only because we had an early flight in the morning and needed a cheap place to stay. The planes are loud but the neighbors were louder. A lot of people were there for the same reason as us and checking in late and up all hours. The staff was not too friendly or helpful. At... More
Wanted a smokers room couldnt get one because of renovations. Also when i took a shower the water was luke warm...
After calling the hotel for a shuttle, I walked out to the area where the shuttle stops. After only waiting for a few minutes, a late model shuttle van pulled up. I was impressed, a great first impression! Checkin at the hotel was quick, and the room I was given must have been recently renovated. I could still detect the... More
My first and last stay at this property. I have stayed at several Courtyard's and this one is sadly lacking. Very disappointing. Upon check-in I was given a room that wreaked of cigarettes. I should have noticed it as I got off the elevator as it was evident in the hallway. Very disappointing. The front desk did apologize and provided... More
I was exhausted when I arrived at this location and I was treated well at the front desk...check-in was a breeze, the room was above average, and I was ready for a good night's sleep. I hung the traditional sign on the door handle to alert housekeeping not to disturb me in the morning so I could sleep in. Just... More
As a Marriott Gold member, I've seen my fair share of Marriott properties. This was by far the WORST Marriott I have ever stayed at, and it was more like a motel than a Marriott hotel property. For starters, the room smelled musty/moldy and mine was not prepared properly, as I was given less than a fourth of a roll... More
Stayed here for one week to attend a conference at GWCC. Easy 10 minute walk to GWCC and a 5 minute walk to most of the downtown bars and restaurants for evening events. Very friendly staff, clean rooms and fast internet.
I can't say enough to praise this hotel.They have thought of everything that you would need to make a leisure trip enjoyable from here. The staff are welcoming, friendly approachable and have your needs at the heart of their focus. They gave very good advice...More
Place is not clean. There were bugs in my room. The couches and walls were dirty. Glasses in the room were dirty. They did not pick up my dirty towels or make my bed. The manager contacted me and the staff still did not do...More
The personnnel is very kind, the rooms are cleaned, well located, the only thing I did not like is that they do not replace some of the meals in the daily brunch, but absolutely it worths what you pay. Close to Aquarium, CNN, Coke, MARTA...More
First, it was quiet. So there wasn't an issue with that. When we checked in, which we were able to do early, the hostess explained all the amenities. The issue was the late night happy hours. It was really like please don't ask for anything...More
Was great location but parking cost was a bit of a premium. The room was fantastic and the breakfast was perfect. Also enjoyed a quick check-in. The printer did not work to print out boarding passes, but the trip was great.
Conveniently located to the MARTA and within easy walking distance of most sites and business locations. Numerous restaurants easily accessible. Plus, they offer a shuttle to and from any spot within three miles of the hotel. The free breakfast is delicious, offering a wide variety...More
Upon arrival my group was a little surprised by the entrance. It does not look like a Hyatt, more like a nice La Quinta. But we were all very happy with everything after that. The staff is fantastic, the rooms are very large and clean...More
My family of four stayed in Spring. We had a mobility room, and therefore it was a little more spacious. Handy to the highway exits, and within walking distance to the World of Coca Cola and eateries. The staff were very courteous, and we found...More
Our room was booked because it could accommodate our 3 children. When we pulled out the couch bed we found still soiled sheets from a previous guest. Including blood stains. The front desk person was visibly grossed out after I showed her pictures. The manager...More
The location is great! The rooms are well appointed and spacious. The breakfast is great! BUT the SERVICE is what sets them apart! We stayed here for the SEC Championship, and my teens didn't have a ticket! Our room was not available so we left...More
Three of us spent 4 nights at the Hyatt Place Atlanta/Downtown during Walker Stalker Con 2014 in October. Hotel was clean, quiet, and vermin free! All of the staff were polite and welcoming. We took the train from the airport to the hotel. It was...More
Stayed here for a recent AmericasMart show, which was only a couple blocks away. Shuttle service is a wonderful benefit there. Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful, and we will definitely stay there again when in Atlanta.
This is our second time staying at this location. This visit on 30 June, was to stay overnight after attending a show at the Phillips Arena. Although small and tucked into a corner lot, this hotel offers a lot. Staff was friendly and welcoming upon...More
Roomy accommodation and comfortable king sized bed. Decor a bit dated. Excellent location for attending Conference in nearby convention center. Very good value for the downtown area of Atlanta. Would definitely stay there again.
Stayed during a weekend trip to Atlanta. Room was spacious although the bathroom was a little cramped. More important was how clean the room was. Staff was friendly and helpful. We enjoyed our stay here.
Having stayed at this hotel for 9 years during DragonCon it is the best. Close to the happenings in the host hotels, and America's Mart, it's hard to beat. If you are planning on going to DragonCon I would highly suggest you attempt to stay...More
I enjoyed my stay at the Hyatt Place Downtown Atlanta. The location was great and there is a shuttle to get you around. No need to rent a car or call a cab, the MARTA Train System is within walking distance. The staff was friendly...More
I was in Atlanta for a conference two blocks away. The difference in price was substantial, especially considering the Hyatt Place offers free Wi-Fi and breakfast. I was expecting disappointment, but instead received a great room with a nice bed, amazingly friendly and competent staff,...More
upon arriving, the staff made me feel at home. the rooms were always clean.. the shuttle service provided is an excellent idea and one that assisted greatly. the close proximity to restaurants and other activity areas such as convention center and Phillips arena were strong.
Staff is very nice. They have a shuttle van and complementary breakfast, which were both very helpful to our stay due to a family member being at Emory hospital. Reasonable prices and nice rooms! Sometimes noisey, but it is Atlanta.
First time visit to Atlanta. Location to World of Coke, Aquarium, and Olympic park great. Parking expensive at hotel but worth the money for safety. The rooms were large and comfortable. The bathtub/shower toilet area was extremely small. I am not pint sized and I...More
Nice hotel. Great customer service. Parking too high and very limited, but you are automatically charged with reservation. Found a better price through another site, but Hyatt would not honor a best price guarantee.
Great stay and property for downtown Atlanta. Easy access to most downtown attractions. The city was crowded with evacuees from Hurricane Irma and we couldn't even tell it at the hotel. Staff was friendly and property was clean. I would like to see the property...More
Hotwire chose this hotel for us. The hotel is located in the heart of downtown Atlanta. We stayed here for 2 nights on our way home from Disney World. There is shuttle that will take you within 3 miles of the hotel and it offers...More
This hotel is nothing special, all the fitting are in keeping with its rating and reputation. Nothing to complain about. The staff however were lovely. The southern hospitality that eludes you in other parts of the city is abundant here.
Right next to Max Lager's Brewery/Restaurant. Complimentary hot Breakfast choices are great. Rooms well kept and overall cleanliness is good. A few blocks away from the MARTA(subway-train). And near downtown eateries and dining. One negative is there is no pool at this location.
Building was a little odd to figure out how to enter. But the staff, facilities, room, and breakfasts were great. There were smiles all around, and courtesy aplenty. Fitness room was sparse but clean.
It is my belief someone was murdered in our room shortly before our visit. With red splatter on the wall, table, lightbulb, and curtains along with what looked like a large blood stain dripping down the side of the box spring (I assume the sheets on the mattress kept it from getting as stained) I am conviced something happened. Perhaps... More
We were too tired to travel any further. We stopped at the Red Carpet inn in Unadilla GA . It was a very pleasant surprise. Newly renovated, Very clean, nice decor, working and clean mini fridge, microwave, and TV with cable. The staff was very friendly and professional. We will stay there again if in that area while traveling.
For the location (few min walk from park/MARTA stations), you cannot beat the price. The room is pretty clean and the hotel offered a comfortabl stay. However, I guess this is part of the desging scheme but there were no drawers in my room (there are number of shelves you can put your stuff on) and the lighting in the room was pretty sparce. So if you do not mind sprwling your stuff in the rom without storing them away in drawers, you would love this place!Dear yk303705,We are pleased to hear you find our hotel to be a great value and enjoy your experience while staying with us. We appreciate you sharing your review with us, and hope to see you again soon. Take care.
We spent three nights here the location for visiting the Aquarium, the Coca-Cola Museum CNN is great.Jocsalyn LaToya (not certain of the spelling) were outstanding at the reception area. More hotels need people like them, great people skills efficient.Jayda at breakfast was also very efficient.More hotels need employees like these three.Thank you for noting our talent and their help in making your stay a good one. Its our pleasure to have been your home away from home during your recent vacation.
I stayed at the Aloft over 4th of July weekend for a Convention I was attending. The staff are the BEST! And Marquise, Chassity, Emma and Jacalyn went out of the way to ensure that we had that best experience while staying here....although, it might be just what they do for EVERYONE as I was able to experience Southern Hospitality in action. THANKS!!! Can't want to come back to see you next time.We are thrilled our team provided you with an exceptional experience. Your business is much appreciated!
I called the hotel from the Atlanta airport where I was stranded. They could not find my business account on the phone---even though I have a corporate account and are one of the largest companies in the world. I was too tired to keep asking the operator. I booked and then immediately---and I mean immediately called twice to cancel as I didn't understand how far away the hotel was from the airport. I called twice and my question was brushed off. Both operators were very professional, but were obviously trained how to brush off those questions and immediately ask if I wanted to book something else. I have stayed all over the world for decades and have never, ever been charged a no show for cancelling within a couple minutes of booking. Heck, I've even been refunded airline tickets when I immediately cancel. You can tell me it was your policy, but the hotel seriously lacks the desire to do the right thing. I have stayed in another Aloft before and have been a faithful SPG member for many years. I assure you that I will avoid this chain and will spread the word within my company to do the same.Dear TampaDude2, We sincerely apologize for your dissatisfying experience while booking your stay. Its our goal to provide excellent customer service to our guests throughout the entire booking process, and we are very sorry we fell short on this during your cancellation call. We completely understand your frustrations, so we would like to rectify your experience by refunding your cancellation should you decide to personally contact us with your confirmation number. Please email our General Manager, Terry Hitt, at tery.hittaloftatlantadtn.com, to further amend your situation. Again, we are very sorry for your experience, but we hope you will consider staying with our hotel when you have more time to visit the Atlanta area. All the best.
I spent one night in Aloft in a business trip. The hotel is in a central location in downtown Atlanta. The price is very good. The heavy concrete look is predominant at the lobby area, which I didn't like. The room was fine and had everything I need in a room. I asked about dinner at the front desk when I checked in and they told me that I can either eat at their lobby bar or order from one (only one!) restaurant they would allow in so I should look at the menu in my room. There was no menu in the room. I called the front desk and when they finally were persuaded that I don't have that book with a white cover in my room they said they will send someone with the menu. I am still waiting... The next night I stayed at the W hotel. I paid 25 more and got much more... Aloft would not be high on my list next time I travel to Atlanta.Thank you for taking the time to complete the Guest Satisfaction Survey in regards to your recent stay at the Aloft Atlanta Downtown. As we pride ourselves on delivering a memorable hotel experience during your travels, we have unfortunately fallen short of our goal during your recent stay. Please accept our sincere apology for the issues you encountered. We have shared your feedback with the appropriate hotel team to ensure that this was an isolated issue that is corrected moving forward. Upholding our commitment to provide a memorable experience with exceptional service, we hope to have an opportunity to better your experience with us whenever your travels bring you back to Atlanta. Sincerely,cesar sernagmaloftatlantadtn.com
Having tried to book a room at the W hotel in midtown only to find that it would run close to 500/might, we reserved at the Aloft which sits right next to the site of the new Georgia Dome. The Aloft is very similar to the W, but without some of the frills, which is fine when you save over 200. The rooms were quiet and self parking behind the hotel is secured and only 25, unlike some exorbitant valet fees you can be charged in the ATL. The rooms have complimentary coffee machines included as well as the Bliss bathroom amenities you find in the W. breakfast is self-serve, a-la-carte and offers hot prepared to order sandwiches for 6 - a nice break from the one-price buffet option that many lower cost hotels offer. I hope SPG continues to build these properties as we will seek them out in the future.
Ms Chassity was very polite and helpful. I was in a hurry she understood check me in very fast and great room away from noise.Explain the fireworks are right in front of the hotel. Best hotel for view of fireworks.Thank you for staying with us this past weekend for the 4th of July festivities. We are thrilled you enjoyed our property and your stay. We hope you return again soon.
The Aloft brand is essentially a limited service W at a lower price point. They retain many of the stylish elements of a W, but with a more spartan functional design with splashes of color or art. The Lobby features a pool table, WXYZ Bar and small swimming pool. There are comfortable seating areas to work or lounge around and there are board games and even a Happy Hour.The rooms do not have bathtubs, so not recommended for those with young children or those that absolutely need a tub. Another nod to functional design is there are no cabinets with drawers only open shelving. There isn't Room Service or Bell Staff (carts are available), but there is Breakfast, food and snacks available for purchase in the Lobby. The 9 Breakfast Combo is a relative bargain. Self-parking is 20. There are parking lots nearby, ranging from 3.50-5.00, if you are looking to save even more. It is centrally located literally steps from the Olympic Park, Georgia Aquarium, World of Coca-Cola and CNN Center. It is about 15 minutes from the Airport, if there's is light traffic.If you have the proper expectations regarding its limitations, this hotel is lower priced non-traditional option.
Overall a perfectly adequate hotel. Room was clean, spacious and well appointed. Perfect for a business trip. The elevators require a key-card to get to each floor and this rarely works. In an attempt to be hip cool the hallways are very dark - just creepy not cool.Food options at the hotel are poor. Thank you for your response and letting us know how your recent stay with us was. We are on track to becoming the best hotel we can be and every bit of feedback helps in this journey! We take all responses into account and take note so we can make the necessary changes and adjustments. We hope to see you the next time you are in our great city!
I stayed here for four nights while at a conference at a hotel down the street. The Aloft is centrally located, the staff were extremely helpful, and the room furnishings were streamlined and nice. The only issues I had were with noise (the walls are a bit thin, and on Saturday night the noise from upstairs and nextdoor neughbours was a bit much) and with housekeeping. They give you the option to decline housekeeping by-the-night in exchange for a 5 voucher or rewards programme credits. You indicate this using a door tag. I declined the first night, but didn't put the tag out on the other nights because I wanted housekeeping to come. Instead, I found vouchers under the door both days and no housekeeping had been done. This didn't put me out overly much, but it was a bit annoying.
Staffs and service were excellent. I will definitely advice other people to use SPG hotels for their vacation and business. Even though I didn't need daily service from the staff, they had made sure to check on me daily to ensure that I do not need anything. Great experience!!!Thank you so much for taking time to let us know how your recent stay was with us. I am glad that even though you did not need any assistance, our staff was able to go out of their way to make your stay memorable and enjoyable! It speaks volumes when our guests enjoy their stay so much to recommend us to friends and family. We truly appreciate it and hope to see you again soon when you come back to visit Atlanta! Thank you again for your feedback.
Great concept, loved the modern rooms, great beds, pillows, amenities, shower...lobby had pool table and just a fun easy place to stay! Instead of staying at a big hotel this place was convenient when we college touring and provided us with everything we needed for a decent price.
Walking distance to a lot of great restaurants and tourist sites. Has easy in/out parking. It's clean and well managed with courteous staff. No free breakfast and anything offered (oatmeal, fruit) is pricey. Very modern building and the lobby is loud due to being mostly cement. The lobby also has a bar and one night it was quite loud when we came in. The rooms are modern, too, with small bathroom counters and shower area. Beds, towels, desk all comfortable and clean. Thank you for choosing us during your recent visit to Atlanta. We value you and appreciate your business.
Best place to stay for market. Hotel is right beside Building 3. You will be glad that you stayed here. We had an issue with our room cleaning which was cleared very fast and professional. The breakfast is good...a little pricey unless you have a meal plan. Thanks for your kind comments about your recent stay with us. Hope to see you return again soon. Safe travels.
Hotel is very nice with a modern but comfortable feel. Room was nice with a refrigerator. We tried to have dinner at the bar (only food service) and they were out of several items on the limited menu. When we did order, it appears that the order was lost in the kitchen. The bartender eventually made it himself--in all, we waited almost an hour for the food. The grilled cheese was made with Kraft singles. Breakfast buffet had various options.
I have stayed at this location several times and have found it a short walk to the convention center and close to attractions and restaurants. The Aloft is a modern style hotel and has a comfortable social atmosphere.Thank you for your feedback. We are always excited to find that we have so many repeating guests that enjoy our property! Thank you for keeping us in mind and at the top of your list when you are traveling to Atlanta. Since you have stayed with us multiple times in the past, you know how we as a hotel run. If there is any feedback, good or bad, that you have for us we would love to hear it! We are constantly growing and hearing from our guests that have stayed with us several times helps us become the best Aloft we can be! Thank you again for your response.
We stayed at this Hotel for Braves Game. It's clean, the breakfast id decent, it's right across the street from the ball park and it feels safe, which is a BIG plus for the neighborhood. Our AC worked, the bathroom was clean - smelled a little like bleach- front desk was courteous and best of all, you can walk to... More
Stayed 2 nights to go to Braves games. We have stayed here and the Country Inn for about 8 years for ball games. Enjoy the convenient location and free parking. Got a good price of 88.50 per night for a game date. Hotel was better than I had expected through recent reviews. The renovations are about done. Our room... More
I called to cancel my reservation because I booked in the wrong place. The guy did not understand what I was saying then responded with we charge already before he rudely hung up on me. I needed to book in Thomson Ga and not Thomaston.Sir Sorry You late call and we busy all most full and I hold room. Thanks Sam
When you have Pillow Top Mattresses please have Pillow Top bedding. The shower was good as the water pressure was fine. The bathroom was really small as there was no room to move. These rooms have outside entrances which wasn't bad, as this was a pretty good neighborhood. The service was excellent. I stayed here for 1 night on my... More
We gave this a chance. First appearance... Off the main road right behind a gas station... Dark, dingy looking and dirty. First stop was check-in... The clerk was very nice. Second stop, stepping in our room, the stench was overwhelming ... Fortunately I brought Febreze, that saved us. Carpet terribly torn in several places, no curtains, just blinds I felt... More
We spent one night in Nashville and stayed here! This was a most delightful experience. The room was beautiful and the bed was restful. We enjoyed the quaintness of the historic downtown area. Downtown shoppes were within an easy walking distance.
We stayed downstairs in the room with the king bed. The room was very comfortable! I felt like I was in a 5-star hotel room. In fact, my wife and I have stayed in 5-star hotels before and Our Place Hotel was just as nice if not nicer. The shower was almost bigger than my first apartment. The room was... More
My sister and I stayed here in between a week-long camping trip and a reservation at Gunshow. We were a little early for check in, but Emma was very kind and found us an available room. We had plenty of time to clean up and head to the restaurant, which was close enough to get to in a timely manner, even at rush hour. Beds were super cozy, breakfast was extensive and decent: waffles, biscuits and gravy, cereals, yogurt, fruit, good coffee. Candace checked us out and was genuinely concerned that we had a good stay. Like she owned the place concerned. Rare and wonderful service. Only complaint was our shower rod was a bit rusty and the hot/cold valve a bit temperamental. Would definitely stay here again.Julie R. G,Thank you for posting a review. I am glad to read that you were happy and comfortable with your stay. I do hope you are able to stay with us again. Best Regards,Enoch D.
We traveled to Atlanta to see the Braves and picked this hotel for its close proximity to Turner Field. It is just minutes from the ballpark! The hotel room was clean and met our needs. All hotel staff were friendly and helpful. The free breakfast was good with hot eggs, sausage and biscuits with gravy. There is a BBQ restaurant close to the hotel that serves decent BBQ. We also ate at The Varsity which is next to Georgia Tech. It is huge and has the world's largest drive in. If you want to save money and are not in a hurry, recommend using the rail/bus system (MARTA) .If flying in, you can take the rail from the airport to the Five Points Station, and from there take the 49 bus. It will drop you off right in front of the hotel. You can use this system to get around the rest of the city, but it can be slow. You may want to use a taxi if traveling late at night, however.Thank you for taking the time to complete our online survey regarding your recent stay at our hotel.Your feedback is very important to us and we can assure you that we will use this information to do everything possible to create an enjoyable experience for each of our guests. We hope to see you again soon!Sincerely,Joya GregoryGeneral ManagerComfort Inn Turner Field Atlanta, GA404-658-1610
I was at this hotel for the Hot Chocolate Run 15k We were very close to Turner Field where the race was held The staff was excellent They told us how to catch the bus train Gave us recommendation on were to eat which was walking distance from the hotel (convient) I will definetly stay at this hotel again when I visit Atlanta The hotel is old but I did have a great time Special shout out to Tonya, Marchelle, the mgr of housekeeping Thanks alot ladiesThank you for taking the time to complete our online survey regarding your recent stay at our hotel.Your feedback is very important to us and we can assure you that we will use this information to do everything possible to create an enjoyable experience for each of our guests. We hope to see you again soon!Sincerely,Joya GregoryGeneral ManagerComfort Inn Turner Field Atlanta, GA404-658-1610
We stayed at the Comfort Inn at Turner Field because of the convenience and closeness to Turner Field while seeing a Braves Baseball game. Unfortunately, their remodeling of the front desk area and breakfast area made getting in and out miserable. The front desk personnel were great, the room was ok (there was hair on the bathroom floor and the windows were permanently fogged so we couldn't see Turner Field from our room, and we were able to walk to the field. We just wish they had scheduled their remodeling during non-baseball season. I mean, that's their calling card and they should play it up.Thank you for taking the time to complete our online survey regarding your recent stay at our hotel.Your feedback is very important to us and we can assure you that we will use this information to do everything possible to create an enjoyable experience for each of our guests. We hope to see you again soon!Sincerely,Joya GregoryGeneral ManagerComfort Inn Turner Field Atlanta, GA404-658-1610
I'm writing this as I prepare to check out, this way the recollections are fresh.I just got back to the computer after the door opened. Fortunately I used the chain lock. Not do be negative, there were a few good things. The parking lot has a high fence, which is good since the neighborhood made me nervous. No stores nearby, a good drive willl get you to places with vagrants and loiterers outside, lexan cages to protect the cashiers.The clerk wanted to be helpful, but there was only one of her. I waited in line each of the 3 times it took to lug my bags up and down from the 5th floor because the key cards did not work. The next day when I got back from a gruelling 12 hour work day, the keys did not work again, 2 more times up and down with heavy gear. The fridge worked and was properly adjusted. Beds were comfortable.Close to Turner Field and the Georgia dome and the airport.That's it for the good. The room was dirty, not cleaned surfaces with dried spills, hair in my ice bucket. One of the 2 old, noisy, shuddering elevators gave up the ghost and trapped a guest. The Internet worked but was very slow. I would have my toenails pulled before I book here again.Scott M,Thank you for taking the time to leave a review of our hotel and your experiences during your stay. Since your stay we have made many improvements and continue the effort to continuously elevate our level of service. I hope you will stay with us again and experience the positive changes we have made during your next visit to Atlanta. We have fully renovated our property and all our guest rooms, which I hope you will be able to experience when you next stay in Atlanta. Again, thank you for your comments, all feedback is used to help improve our efforts to build our hotel staff and product into a destination guests look forward to visiting.Sincerely,Enoch D.
Was in town with friends for a Falcons game and a friend booked us a room at this hotel. The hotel is NOT on the better side of town and from the outside it looked run down. The woman at the front desk was nice...More
If your looking for value, this Motel 6 delivers. But stay here for the friendly staff. After a long day on the road all you need is great customer service. Found it here and then some. Will return soon. Thanks Motel 6
The manager, Ms. Randall went out of her way to assist with an issue that I had, but had nothing to do with the property but was personal in nature. Also, one of the night clerks, Brianna, had been unbelievably efficient even though she was extremely busy. Thanks!
I would like to say Ms Randall Devon Ari and Maria has issued world class service to me as a guest I had a majot issue that I thought was going to be a head ache as a guest once the issue was addressed the team as a whole made sure I was a satisfied guest and the isse was... More
I came to Georgia in November the people at motel 6 that made feel welcome, Ms. Randall, Ms. Brianna, Ms. Sheena and Ms. Queen and Mr. Ferrando have been really great, they make you feel glad to be here.
Ok I know the Motel 6 is suppose to be cheap and economical for lodging. But this goes beyond cheap. The room I was in had a bed on a pedestal but it also had torn weathered box spring showing. The bed was horrible. The cover on the bed was worn and stained. The hot and cold water in the... More
We stayed at this hotel since the convention we were going to was taking place at the hotel.All of the staff were extremely nice. The rooms were fine and the beds very comfortable.They have a small indoor pool, which I enjoyed early in the morning when it was empty. Though I didn't use the rest of the spa, it seemed to be clean and well equipped.The only thing that really bothered me is how they nickle and dimed you. 14.95 for internet (which we were lucky to get free as part of the convention rate) and 5 for a bottle of water that is out on the table with an invitation to refresh yourself... That said, when I checked in, the front desk offered me a cold drink, which was a nice touch.I am glad you enjoyed your visit at the Waverly and appreciate the feedback. We continue to monitor the pricing of amenities such as internet and water to ensure we remain competitve and will adjust as necessary. Thank you again for sharing your experience with us!
This hotel provided a great stay. Conveniently located near 1-75. For being close, the room was very comfortable and quiet. The bed was very comfortable as well. From the moment I walked into the hotel, there was a smiling face holding the door open for me. I was also able to check in early since my meetings were finished. Again, the staff was very nice at check in. They gave me a can of coke and a bottle of water. The little things are very nice and appreciated. The concierge lounge was nice as was the variety of food. I'm enjoyed the shrimp, pasta and asparagus. The breakfast also was nice as well.I am glad you enjoyed your stay with us, hope to see you soon!
This was a very good hotel, but I had ants all over my laptop that was set up on top of the work desk inside my room. I arrived Sunday afternoon and checked in. The agent provided excellent customer service and gave me my room key. I immediately went upstairs and left my luggage, set up my laptop and left for a bite to eat. I returned back to my room around 7:30 to change and head downstairs to watch MNF at this nice sports bar grill. When I walked over to my laptop, I noticed very small ants al over my keyboard. I immediately contacted the FD and notified them of the issue. The agent immediately apologized and offered to change my room. So, I had to gather all my belongings and head back downstairs for the new keys (it would have been nice to have a bellman meet me at my new room) Overall, the property is nice with a descent mall nearby.Thank you for taking the time to give us this feedback, I will be sure to follow through with my team and ensure the issue you experienced (ants) has been addressed. I hope that we have the opportunity to have you back with us soon to ensure you have a perfect stay!
I hope this is a warning to others. I was planning to attend a convention in September in Atlanta, GA. I booked at this hotel in February earlier this year. 3 days before I was to leave for the convention, the hotel emailed me stating they could not honor my reservations, but had moved me to another of their chain hotels some miles away. This was unacceptable due to the convention being in this hotel. I called and talked to management and was told that YES, we did purposely overbook the hotel, and that YES this is Marriott company policy. I was also told I would receive a call from the hotel manager the next day. This did not happen, nor would the initial front end manager answer her phone or return any voice mails. BEWARE, a confirmation number with Marriott means nothing. I am appreciative of the early warning however, as I was able to completely cancel the trip and cut at least some of my expense losses.
A relatively large convention type hotel. One of the best concierge lounges (for those of you staying on that level or elite Marriott travelers). I stayed here twice and both times the rooms were spacious, quiet and everything worked the way it was supposed to. Once I was a bit too close to the service elevator, but even that wasn't noisy (I like quiet). Didn't try the health club, but I did enjoy the hotel's main restaurant and lounge. The food in both was better than average. On the negative side...it's just the price. If you don't book this property well in advance or have a great corporate rate, you're going to pay well to stay here. If you can get a room at a reasonable rate, I'd recommend it. If you need to book a room at the last minute...go elsewhere.Thank you very much for the feedback on my hotel, I am glad you enjoyed your stay and hope to see you back soon!
My husband and I celebrated his birthday in Atlanta and stayed at the Waverly. We have been staying at the Waverly for many years and it is always A+. It's beautiful and conveniently located for shopping and dining. The beds are very comfy too. We feel safe here. Two little things- better ventilation in the bathroom for steam and people slam those heavy doors. I guess that can't be helped as I believe the doors must be like that for fire regulations. Overall great trip and we will be back!
My husband and I just stayed at this hotel for our anniversary weekend and found that the hotel accommodations were clean and comfortable. The area surrounding the hotel was nice and offered a lot of options for dining. I would have offered a 5-star rating, but there were some noise issues that caused me to rate the hotel a little lower.The check-in process was smooth and incredibly easy. The Marriott app now offers the option for mobile check-in. When checking in on the app, the hotel allows you to let them know what time you plan on arriving in the event that early check-in is an option. The check-in time was 4:00 but we asked to arrive at 2:00. By 9:00 that morning, we had received a text letting us know that our room was ready and waiting for us when we arrived. The hotel lobby was really nice and the lobby staff was very friendly and accommodating when we arrived. Because we checked in using the app, we only had to walk up to the counter, show our ID, and our room key was waiting for us. It was very convenient and made for an expedient check in process. We liked that there was a complimentary self-park option because many of the hotels in Atlanta charge a ridiculous amount to park. That was actually the deciding factor for us on this hotel. The price was reasonable and allowed for free parking. The room was very clean and comfortable. One of our favorite aspects about this hotel was that there was a sky bridge that allowed for a short walk over the highway and to the mall. The mall parking lot offered a lot of dining options. We were able to walk to dinner and have a few drinks without having to worry about driving back. The hotel also offered a shuttle service that would drive us anywhere within a 3 mile radius. We didn't use the option, but liked knowing that it was there. We enjoyed drinks in the bar the night we arrived. The bar staff wasn't at all rude, but also not overly friendly, but the atmosphere was nice and cozy. We ate breakfast at the hotel in the mornings. It was pricey for the buffet, 19, which included juice/coffee/sodas, but it was delicious. We ate there twice for breakfast and the staff was very friendly both visits.The only major downside to the hotel was one that I noticed had been mentioned in some other reviews. The hotel was noisy, and the noise carried. Our room was 1250, which was right across from the elevators. People would exit the elevators all night long, and the noise carried right into the room, and kept both my husband and I up all night long. This really affected our trip in that we found ourselves going back to the room the second afternoon to take a nap before dinner. I assume that staying further away from the elevators and possibly being located in a corner room would fix the issue, but I cannot say for sure. This was the main reason for my lower rating. It's hard to consider the weekend a successful mini-vacation away from the kids when we came home more tired than when we left. I would recommend this hotel to others, and would probably give it another shot, as long as I was able to request a room that was in a corner and as far away from the elevators as possible.Thank you for a detailed review of your stay with us, I appreciate the feedback. Hope to see you back with us soon!
This hotel is beautiful, no doubt. Courteous staff even though not empowered to control the noise. Problem 1: Atrium layout and the noise carries up all floors and into every room. Problem 2: the restaurant had a duo of music both nights until 11:00pm. (Would have been pleasant and even lulled us to sleep if talented). Problem 3: young local urban crowd walking guest room halls making plenty more noise. Cherry on the cake of our stay. Bottom line, our weekend away at this hotel, not a respite from the long week. I am so sorry that you did not enjoy your weekend away. We do not typically have music playing past 8:00 pm and apologize for the noise. Please call me directly if you have a chance to discuss further, I would like to have the chance to have you back with us soon!
Good location, rooms are recently renovated and well appointed. WiFi a pain in the neck, lobby and common areas seem to be a work in progress. Lots of potent but it looks like they have a very limited budget. Too sparse to give that Luxury feel.Thank you for the feedback on your recent stay with us, we have renovated 1/2 of the lobby and will complete the other half in the next six months. I think you will like to finished product and hope you come back to see us soon!
The good: The room was very large. The bed was very comfortable. And we didn't hear any other guests. Overall the room seemed clean. And our view wasn't that bad. The bad: while the room itself is updated the bathroom still needs a lot of work. I stepped on a nail coming out of the carpet when walking into the bathroom. The front desk staff was just okay, 2.5 star quality. The A/C was loud and didn't work that well. The Ugly: there were no parking spots at the hotel. We drove around for 20 minutes looking for a spot. We finally gave up and where told That we could park in the neighboring garage. I feel they should let you know that in an email before you arrive. Thank you very much for the feedback. I am sorry that your experience was not better, but I assure you it is not typical. Our parking lot normally has plenty of parking spaces, I am sorry this was not the case when you were here. I will follow up with my team regarding the nail in your room and the less than ideal service. I hope you will give the Waverly another opportunity to show you the terrific hotel we are!
My company has a meeting here every year. Great for meetings, nice rooms, and excellent customer service. Super close to Atlanta Braves Sun Trust Park. The only thing I personally would like is a walk on shower. Not a fan of tub/shower.I agree with you, not many people use the tub's anymore. I will be sure to bring this up when our rooms are renovated again. Thank you!
After several trips to Atlanta (Smyrna region), this hotel has consistently delivered excellent service. The atrium is quite impressive and sometimes generates noise (one of the few negative points) but the meeting infrastructure, the rooms itself, the restaurant (Medici and Tosca Blu), the spa and fitness, swimming pool, easy access to Cumberland mall...(should I go on) make this property one of the best business hotels in the neighbourhood. Best is of course in a renovated room and with your access to the lounge but that will depend on you. Pricing however is a tad higher than other properties which is why I marked it a bit lower in value.Thank you so much for your feedback, I really appreciate it. Hope to see you back with us soon!
We stayed three nights at the Renaissance. When we arrived the bellman were great. They helped us get everything to the room and were very friendly. Everyone was nice and helpful. We had a problem with the remote and they sent someone up within 30mins to fix it. Hotel was very clean and quiet. They only person that didn't have a smile on her face was the lady who worked at the coffee/breakfast station by the entrance and she wasn't very friendly. We stayed in room 1234 and we had a great view of Sunburst Park. We opted for the package that included breakfast and the ballpark view. Breakfast was good, refrigerator in the room kept things cool and they had a microwave by the vending machines on the floor you could use. At night our room would go from cold to hot quickly. The air conditioner was running, it could've been us. Loved the extra room in this particular room. We had 2 queen beds, and plenty of extra room to move around in the room. NOW ONTO THE WALK TO THE STADIUM... So to get to the walkway over the interstate, you have to go to the back of the parking lot, up the side of the shopping center and then you are at the overpass. We were pushing two strollers and it wasn't very stroller friendly. When you get on the walkway, it is uphill most of the way and it ends in the red parking lot. The walk back is also terrible. We didn't ask the hotel if they provided transportation to the game because we have 2 strollers. If they do, I would suggest you take it or if they don't they need to provide transportation and make the passover easier to access. It's the first year and I know they will work out all of the kinks.Thank you for the helpful feedback, I appreciate it. There are a couple of different ways to get to the pedestrian bridge where you do not have to go uphill or use stairs. The next time we will direct you through the mall that is connected to us, it will take you directly to the bridge. I appreciate your business and hope to see you back!
My boyfriend and I booked a last minute trip for the holiday weekend. First and foremost - the price was outstanding! We were quite pleased with it.The hotel was recently renovated and the rooms were very modern. The bed was heavenly and the room was comfortable overall. Also, the hotel is close to several local eateries, movie theater and the Silver Comet trail. There is a quiet restaurant, a cool bar, and a very convenient coffee bar in the hotel. The rooms were very large and easily accommodated all of our things (including 2 bikes). I also used the spa while there and was pleasantly surprised at the level of service. The spa was not very plush, but the staff was great and the service that I received was excellent.The only problems that we experienced were the kids that were running around the hotel all weekend (hence my title - great for families). The layout of the hotel seemed to make the parents comfortable with letting them roam (it is a very open hotel with visibility of the door to almost every room from any other room in the the hotel). The only other problem was that the room was not cleaned as thoroughly as it could have been. Although all of the room's accessories were new and modern (new lamps, bedding, towels, etc), the cleaning of the room was sub-par (like a 6 on a 1-10 scale). This was really our only ding on the hotel. Overall, great stay. And, if we ride the Silver Comet trail again, we'll probably stay at this same hotel.I appreciate your detailed feedback regarding your stay with us, it really does help us recognize areas we are doing well and those that need additional focus. I will share your comments with my Housekeeping Manager and ensure we follow through with additional training for that staff member. Please come back to see us soon!
Stayed here for a few nights while in town for a trade show at the Cobb Galleria. This hotel has easy access to the Cobb Galleria as it is connected. The location of the hotel is about 30 minutes outside of downtown Atlanta. You will definitely need a car to get around. The hotel itself is modern and updated. It looks like the rooms have been recently renovated. The reason I gave the hotel only 3 stars is because there were a few hiccups during my stay. I don't want to get into specifics and make this whole review, a complaint. I would recommend the hotel if staying in the area for business. Other then that, I would look into downtown Atlanta.I am very sorry to hear you had a few hicups while in my hotel. I would like to hear more about them if you have the time to call me. My name is Joe Uhl and I can be reached at 770 303 3186. Thank you for the feedback!
We came and stayed two nights in this hotel as part of a wedding. our entire family was very pleased with the facility.The front desk was very courteous and effective. The staff seem very friendly. When we asked to be placed near the rest of our family they were able to accomplish this.Our hotel room was large and very clean with a fairly modern look. If you are looking for a very large hotel that supported multiple groups at the same time over a weekend this is your place.Thank you very much for the great feedback, we hope to see you back soon!
Great hotel! The hotel has a great courtyard with a nice seating area. It is in great location to restaraunts, a mall across the street and movie theater down the street. I loved the closed in layout with balconies and visible doors. It was classy and sophisticated with great sections for events and parties. It has a spa, 2 pools, workout room and small food bar for snacks and breakfast. Our room average size clean with up to date technology and a comfy bed. I absolutely loved the way the room was decorated with the colors and lamps. I did wish the room would've had a fridge as we were there for days and wanted water and snacks to keep cold. Considering the open layout it outside noise was not an issue except one time when someone was outside our door having a conversation. Something someone who is interested in booking this hotel may consider is it is a conference hotel and you should ask if there are any events happening. There was a pageant during our stay and it really did become an annoyance. It was constant movement with tons of people in the halls, the elevators continued to get backed up and have alot of wait time and many kids and teens running around. Overall great hotel!I appreciate the feedback and am pleased you enjoyed your stay, hope to see you soon!
My wife and I spent several days at the RAMH, we came to Atlanta for a long weekend to visit with family. The hotel itself was a great location, the rooms were very nice, roomy and well appointed, the staff was very nice and helpful, the only issues I can point were 1) loud construction happening morning to night while we were there, 2) the pools were a big disappointment, especially the outdoor pool. Overall though we would recommend this hotel.Thank you for the feedback, we really appreciate it. I am sorry that the noise from the improvements to our restaurant disturbed you, please know that the work is done! I hope to see you back very soon!
I stayed here when I was attending Anime Weekend Atlanta, I have always been a big fan of Anime and have wanted to create my own. I had a great experience. I enjoyed breakfast ad of course, a cup of coffee. This hotel was very convenient for me because I wanted to be close to all the events and all the panels. This hotel is known for there brunch.I would stay here again, if I could.I am glad you enjoyed your stay with us over the Anime convention. We too have so much fun during that group and always enjoy seeing the great costumes and creative work done by our customers. Hope to see you back this year!
great location especially to Georgia Tech and the restaurants in mid town. Nice lobby with a terrific wine hour during the week (including Friday). This trip the valet was well staffed so people were not waiting for vehicles for a long time. Rooms were nice and clean although door to bathroom was very difficult to move (better than last trip when it would not stay closed at all). Rooms were quiet and beds comfortable. Breakfast was superb even with full house during a football weekend. Would surely return. Only issue was that our bags were given to the valet at 2pm and at 6pm they were still sitting in the lobby--nothing stolen but this lack of security or follow through is not what one would expect from any property. lighting could also be better in the bathrooms.Thank you for taking a few minutes to share your feedback. I think you stayed at our sister property in Mid-town based on your comments, I will be sure to share them with that team. Hope to see you back in Atlanta soon!
Stayed here for one night on business. Check in was quick and easy. At first glance, the atrium was impressive. plenty of room to relax, do work, grab a drink or just relax. My room was on the 10th floor and was spacious and had nice views of north atlanta. i met my coworker in the hotel bar/lounge for some appetizers and cocktails. we were so full from the appetizers! The pizza was soooo good and drinks were made to perfection. Later in the evening, i decided to check out the workout facilities. I spent about an hour or so on treadmill. The workout facilities were great, air conditioned and spacious with seperate cardio and free weights room which also led out to a nice indoor pool/whirlpool. Really convenient that the fitness center ins 24 hrs. Then i discovered another perk of the hotel....the womens locker room - seriously looked like a spa and smelled like one..it was so relaxing after a nice workout. In the morning we were flying out, so it was super convenient to have be able to print out my boarding ticket in the lobby. Great stay at the Renaissance Waverly.
Hey had a wonderful time at the hotel!! Staff was very helpful, I had one problem with a parking attendant he banged on the back of my car to move, I was waiting patiently for some kids to go by safely on the side walk.We are glad you had an awesome time with us! Please come back again the next time business or pleasure bring you to Atlanta. Thank you for the feedback on the Valet Attendant, I will follow up with my team to ensure we use a better approach!
My son and I visited this hotel for the first time last month. We only stayed for one night. I booked our room on priceline.com using the Name Your Own Price tool. I feel like we got a decent deal for what we received. There is no way I'd pay full price for this hotel though. When we arrived to the hotel, I was pleasantly surprised that they don't charge for parking. Most hotels charge outrageous parking fees even if you're self parking. The first room they assigned to us was on the 8th floor. We went and checked into our room around 6pm and then went back out to get dinner. The room was pretty warm when we got into it, so I lowered the A/C down to the lowest setting of 65 degrees. I figured it would cool off while we were out over the next couple of hours. When we returned to the hotel around 8pm, the room was still way too warm. It was obvious that the air conditioning wasn't working properly. I cannot sleep in a hot room at all. So we packed up our stuff and walked down to the front desk. I tell them our A/C isn't working and they offered to send in the maintenance crew to look at it. I didn't want to have to wait and fool with this issue, so I asked to be transferred to another room. They obliged and gave us a new room on the 8th floor almost next door the one we had. Upon entering, this room was warm also. I turned the A/C as high as it would go and it seemed to be cooling better than the first room. An hour later, the room is still too warm for me. I called down to the front desk and told them and they sent maintenance up to the room. They were able to do something to the unit in the room and it did cool off the air a bit more. At bedtime it was still too warm for me, so I called down and asked for a box fan. NOPE. They do not offer fans to their guests. So I had to sleep in a warm room with just a sheet. The walls at this hotel are very thin. We could hear people out in the hallway that night, as well as the following morning. The only thing I liked about this hotel was the pool and hot tub amenities. They have an indoor pool and hot tub. I think they have an outdoor pool also, but it was closed due to cold weather. They also have a sauna and steam room, which was nice. I have stayed in better hotels in this area. I would not recommend this hotel to my friends and family. If I were in a pinch, I could staying here, but if I have a choice, I wouldn't.I am sorry to learn of your discomfort while staying with us. I will share this information with my Engineering team and find out what the problem was. This is not typical and we rarely have temperature complaints. Hope to see you back with us in the future!
I'm a platinum member and used points to stay here on new years eve with my husband.I checked in earlier in the day via the mobile app so my keys were ready when i arrived - which was nice. Problem was that the front desk attendant literally just handed me the keys and said have a nice stay. no explanation of the amenities, no mention of restaurants or any festivities for the new year. Didn't ask if i had parked onsite. Didn't offer instruction to elevator or where my room was located - it was VERY odd. not a great way to start our stay. After we walked away - both my husband and I were taken aback by how unfriendly the woman was and that we had no idea where to go to find our room.We did find our room - and it was nice. nothing amazing or crazy - but nice. We had a room with view of the braves stadium - which worked out well because they had fireworks that night for NYE.With the hotel being a Renaissance - I just expected more. maybe if you had an event or convention at the hotel - it would be nicer to be there. But for a night away with your spouse - it was completely lackluster. There are so many hotels in ATL - we will definitely be trying out somewhere else next time we visit.Thank you for taking the time to share your experience. I am very sorry that you were not welcomed in a more appropriate way. If you have a few minutes, could you please call me with a few more details I would like to follow through with my team.
My sister and I did a girls getaway this weekend and it was relaxing. The hotel was very friendly and the indoor pool was to die for. There was a lot of eating places and a mall right by the hotel. We ere busy everyday.So glad you enjoyed your getaway, come back and see us soon and we will ensure you are on the 6th floor!
I stayed here for business for one night. The hotel and rooms were all updated with the new REN gray/purple/black dcor. My co-worker and I had dinner downstairs in the bar and it was very good. Nice fish selection and many wine options.We were not there during a convention but it definitely is a large enough hotel to accommodate many people.Thank you for the feedback on your recent stay, I really appreciate it!
For a romantic night away from home, my spouse and I chose this lovely hotel. We visited hete 3 years ago and it looks like the Renaissance Waverly has been completely renovated. Our room on the 11th floor had a nice lilac motif. Nice and spacious with an exceptionally comfortable bed. Large bathroom with a tub sizable enough to actually take a bath in. Nice indoor pool ( the outdoor pool wasn't open yet for the season. ) Two large weight rooms are available, too.We enjoyed the breakfast buffet and l loaded up on the wonderful fresh blueberries. Great hotel!Thank you for the review, come back soon!
Right Across Cumberland Mall and many Restaurants. Clean Rooms Concierge Lounge Starbucks in Hotel
Being both a Marriott Rewards Platinum Member and Hilton HHonors Diamond for me means that I spend over 200 nights a year in hotels, it has also given me a keen insight into what makes for a perfect hotel stay. Unfortunately the Renaissance Waverly Hotel in Atlanta falls short of delivering even an acceptable hotel stay. When I arrived at the hotel there was no bellman available to assist me with luggage. There was a line at check in with only two people at the front desk. The line moved slowly but when my turn came I was greeted nicely and welcomed as a Platinum Elite. I was also grated my requested upgrade. The suite that I had was nice although the furnishings and carpet were heavily worn. The table in the room had terrible scuffs and was made worse by an attempted cover up with magic markers. The carpeting beside the windows was fraying terribly, the robe that was in the closet was pilling to such a bad extent, it should have been thrown out! I called the front desk and was told someone would be up to look at the problems but no one ever came. One afternoon I asked for the shuttle to take me to a nearby establishment but when the shuttle van driver looked up the address I was told it was zero point two 0.2 mikes further than the 3 mile radius and despite not being busy at all, my request was refused. Instead I was pointed in the direction of a cab and told I had to pay myself if I wanted to go there. All in all it just seemed the entire staff were too busy doing nothing and were simply counting the hours until they were off. On day of checkout I informed the manager on duty of all my issues and as compensation I was offered 10,000 reward points. It's now been two months and I am still waiting for those points. The Cobb Galleria area is now more popular than ever due to the opening of the new stadium, and while this hotel is definitely very close by, there are many other hotels equally close that are far better choices for anyone coming to this area.
From now on this is my go-to place in Atlanta. I have stayed at various hotels on the northside of Atlanta. No more. I am staying at the Renassiance Waverly exclusively from now on. Although they were undergoing rennovation on three florrs, they did everything to accomodate me during my stay. Great room, great breakfast and great service. It's the bomb!This review really put a smile of my face! Thank you so much for the kind comments, we are thrilled to be your hotel of choice! I am also very pleased the renovation was not disruptive to you, we will be done at the end of March and will then have all new guest rooms! We hope to see you back with us very soon.
Hotel was clean, well maintained, and mostly quiet even though there was a large group attending a weekend event (Battle of Atlanta). Our King Bed room was spacious and the bed was among the most comfortable I've ever experienced in a hotel. The hotel was within walking distance to Suntrust Park utilizing a new pedestrian bridge that crossed over the Interstate. It was well lit and I felt very safe because there were many people that used this bridge after the Braves game was over. The hotel is also convenient to Cumberland Mall across the street, also accessible by another pedestrian bridge. Numerous restaurants and shopping opportunities.Overall a very good stay at this hotel.Dear 805ronaldw,Thank you for your kind comments about the guest room cleanliness and for being spacious. Our housekeeping team strives to provide an outstanding experience for all of our guests.The proximity to the Battery / SunTrust Park is a wonderful aspect to the Renaissance. I am thrilled to hear you were able to discover something wonderfully new across the bridge.I look forward to seeing you next year.George
I decided, since I was dining at Scalini's and attending an Il Divo concert at the Cobb Energy Center, to stay nearby at the Renaissance versus driving home. In addition, I would meet with friends for brunch on that side of town the next afternoon. When I attempted to use the shower the next morning, I encountered a dollar-sized dark brown spider. Upon checkout, I mentioned my difficulty to the desk clerk whose attitude was dismissive. No one else was in line. After all, one thinks if there is one spider, there must certainly be others. I did receive a sorry, see ya next time response from the General Manager based on a hotel-based review. That does nothing after not having the ability to use the room as anticipated, not to mention my fear of spiders, especially the brown recluse spider. Please excuse me for having a reasonable expectation of being able to bathe without incident before going to Sunday Brunch. This incident made an otherwise pleasurable stay become a disaster. Also, I had intentions of using the hotel shuttle for my evening liaisons but was discouraged by the valet because there was a possibility of being disappointed with one van and 500 guests.I am very sorry about your experience and would like to discuss this with you in more detail. Please call me at your convenience at 770 303-3186.
I had the pleasure of staying at the Renaissance Waverly while attending a trade show in March 2012. I have attended this show for several years and usually stay at an Embassy Suites across the street. I was pleasantly surprised with the hotel on every level. I was greeted by a smiling face at the front desk, received excellent service at the lobby bar, and enjoyed clean and well kept accommodations during my stay. As a Marriott Rewards gold member I received access to the club lounge which served coffee and pastries in the morning. There is a coffee bar in the lobby where I picked up a snack on my way the the trade show. The person working there kindly offered to warm up my coffee from the club lounge with Starbucks coffee....nice touch! The hotel is conveniently located across from the Cumberland mall which has a plethora of store and restaurants to choose from. I chose P F Chang's! I also did a little shopping at the mall, lots of nice stores to choose from. Over all, this was one of my best hotel experiences in Atlanta. Well done Renaissance Waverly!
I stayed here for a night, to attend a meeting held at the hotel. The room was very good. The staff was excellent. Even thought all of the rooms empty out into the courtyard area, it still is fairly quiet (thankfully). The hotel itself is well located, there is plenty of parking, and there are many options for eating within the hotel. The breakfast buffet was pretty good and that was a decent price for a buffet (14). The only complaint I have is they charge a small fortune for most everything! A 20 ounce soft drink is 3.49, A small bag of chips or pretzels are 2 for 3.49. Ok, most people might not care, but to me, if I am paying a decent amount for the room, why do I need to be gouged for every day itemsI don't believe I will stay here again, unless there is another business meeting, to which I need to attend.Thank you for your feedback, it truly helps us improve our product and services. I will review our pricing with my Operations Manager to ensure we are competitive and not over priced. I hope to see you back at the Waverly in the future!
Stayed here for business - the room was large and there was plenty of storage. My room had a mini-fridge that I gleefully utilized for the 3 nights I was there. The most memorable thing about this place was the bed, and the mattress specifically. Hands down the MOST COMFORTABLE mattress I have ever slept on. Plenty of power outlets to charge all my gear, and lots of room to store my clothes. This room could easily accommodate 2 guests. Limo service was onsite for a trip to Hartsfield when I left. Nice place, beautiful inside, large clean rooms, and the upgrade breakfast was excellent. Would definitely stay here again.Thank you for the feedback, come back soon!
The hotel overall is a great facility. I liked the room and the size of the room. The room was a little dated and the beds were very uncomfortable, but they are currently going through a renovation, so this should not be a problem much longer. My main issue was the service. My first impression of the hotel is what I would call the valet mafia. I just wanted to leave my car out front long enough to get checked into the hotel. The valet made me give him my key. There were several cars parked out front, which I later realized were valet customers whose cars were staying in front of the hotel and would not be moved. The check in staff was very nice and courteous. Very thorough explaining all their policies, etc. When I went back outside to move my car, I had to wait on my keys and it was obvious they were expecting a tip. After we got into our room, it was late, so we decided to just go to the restaurant in the hotel, Medici. Service was awful and we seemed to be an inconvenience for our waiter. Both mornings at breakfast in the Atrium Cafe, we received the same type of service. On Saturday evening, after returning from dinner, parking was a nightmare. Valet had taken all of the handicapped parking places at the hotel we were told we had to park in the deck which is a very long walk back through the hotel to the lobby elevators. This is not acceptable. But, my worst experience was in the lobby the morning of our check out. Apparently a guest had some type of issue. I do not know what it was, but a hotel employee (I think they were from the food service staff, maybe a chef) was working with them and appeared very put out with the guest. Situations like this happen, but what I found totally unprofessional was after hotel employee spoke with the guest again and coming to no solution, he walked back over the the front desk and told the front desk person that he was not dealing with this --. Totally unprofessional.Thank you so much for taking the time to give us your feedback, it is very helpful to hear about the experience our customers have had. I am very dissapointed with what you have described, particularly with the service in my hotel. It is not typical and I would like to learn more to enable me to follow through on your experience. If possible I would like to speak to you to learn more details. I can be reached at 770 303 3186. I am very sorry for your experience and hope to have the chance to have you back to the Renaissance Waverly Hotel.
Strongly recommend this property as long as you do not have to come and/or go to downtown at rush hour. It took us only 15-20 minutes to reach High Museum, Coke, Aquarium at 9:30 and return at 3:30. The property itself is very nice and the staff more that helpful/friendly. We will visit again.Thank you for staying with us! We hope to have you back very soon.
Had a corner room with a view of the ballpark across the highway. Our king suite was spacious and comfortable and the king bed with extra pillows was super comfortable!! The entire place was spotless and obviously well kept. The front desk even brought me up a complimentary razor when I called and asked if I could purchase one. The walkway over to the ballpark was a short walk and saves a hassle on game day parking as well as saves you a buck. We will be returning soon!I am glad you enjoyed your stay and look forward to have you back!
This really is a nice hotel. Executive King Room was clean, spacious and comfortable. Large screen tv. Fridge in room was pretty quiet ( a good thing!) Comfortable bed. Club food was also surprisingly good, fresh and well maintained. Staff was friendly and helpful. This hotel has a large central atrium. It is connected via a pedestrian bridge over the busy road to a very nice mall ( and a nice but not very busy one on the walk ). Lots of parking. Just across the freeway from the new Braves stadium will make this a very desirable place although does not look like this is a very pedestrian friendly area in general and no apparent easy walking route to the stadium.I have great news, there is a pedestrian bridge being build outside my hotel to the Braves stadium. It is scheduled to be open for the first pitch next year making the area around the hotel even more exciting! Come back and see us soon!
I will start by saying the room was lovely. However, the front desk staff was just par. Considering this is a Renaissance, a bit more friendly, helpful would have been nice. The hotel is ridiculously huge, so just exiting it, takes a GPS! Loved the location, as we are walkers, and walked the bridge to some great hangouts.Thank you for the feedback. We are glad to hear that overall you enjoyed your stay with us and hope that you will choose us again in the future.
Traveled to Atlanta for family reunion. I've stayed at a Renaissance before, but not in the Atlanta area. I'm a Marriott Rewards member, so I try to stay within the Marriott family. I found hotel on Expedia.com and the reviews were decent.When we arrived, it was around 9 pm. The concierge was not present outside, so we proceeded to checkin at the front desk. The front desk clerk was ok, but did not have the bubbly personality that I am familiar with during a late checkin. Each time I went to front desk for information, the same personality was observed on different clerks. We were placed in room 624. The room was very clean and nicely decorated. The beds were extremely comfortable and the room was very spacious. The hotel is VERY large and has a center indoor courtyard. There are about 3-4 elevators for entire hotel. They were not slow, but often crowded.We stayed 3 nights and each night the parking was very difficult. There was a beauty pageant taking place during the same weekend, so parking was horrible. We found a spot each night, but it often took 3 times going around the parking lot before we found one that was a 2 minute walk from the hotel. I felt safe each time walking from the parking lot to the hotel. The pool area was very crowded, even an hour before it closed. They have two pools, one indoor and one outdoor. The indoor pool is a salt water pool. Overall, I would definitely stay here again and hopefully not during a beauty pageant event.Thank you for the detailed feedback on your recent visit. You were here during a very busy convention and am sorry our space was so active. I hope we have the chance to have you back soon and enjoy our amenities in the future!
I stayed here on business for a conference. I was impressed with the lobby area and rooms, but the adjacent Galleria was more than 3/4 vacant and the shops that were occupied were very pricey and the selection limited.Thank you for the feedback on your recent stay. I will share your comments with the Galleria team as we do not opperate that business. Hope to see you back soon!
The hotel has a great lobby, but when we stayed recently there were a lot of events going on, with tons of people in the lobby and walking around our floor. It was quite noisy until late at night and difficult to get on an elevator. That aside, the location is good, the rooms are large, and the service was fine. We did have a problem with the heat/AC, however. It either blasted heat or turned the room into an ice box, nothing in between. Overall, a decent hotel but we won't be rushing back.
We recently stayed for one night at this hotel. We being me, my husband, and 3 of our children, ages 4, 3, and 9 months. The hotel was beautiful and the atmosphere elegant. I was not there at check-in, but it must have gone smoothly since my husband did it alone with all the kids while I was at a meeting and didn't complain!The kids enjoyed the indoor pool. However, the key did not work at first to get into the pool, requiring my husband to trek across the hotel and lobby with everyone in their swimsuits to get a new keycard.The room service was good, but I would have liked more choices, especially on the late night menu. And make sure to ask about a kids entree choices and prices, since they are not printed on the room service menu.Our room on the 14th floor was large and had 2 queen beds, a desk and chair, and a nice lounge chair. There was a good view, too!We got a good AAA rate of 99 a night.The only problem I had was with the billing, but it was fixed. We had to change our reservation to 1 night instead of 2. The bill I got had charged us as a no show for the first night, even though I had changed the reservation online in plenty of time. Also, there was a 9.95 internet fee that we didn't use. Both charges were taken off the bill, but it was still a hastle to have to address it at all.I would stay here again if I could get the same rate. However, I think hotels of this caliber should offer free internet, which draws me to other hotels.
The Renaissance is simply a nice hotel. My room was clean, spacious and attractive, and the abundance of outlets and strong wifi signal made it good for getting work done. The restaurant is good, and my breakfast room service order arrived on time.For a future business trip, or a baseball trip in 2017(the new Braves' stadium us nearby), I would return.We would love to have you back with us in 2017 to see a Braves game, or sooner if you can!
I was traveling to Atlanta on a short business trip, wanted to find a hotel close to where my meeting was taking place with a superb obeisance, decor and a touch of class. I found that with Atlanta Waverly Hotel Convention Center-Renaissance, I've never stayed at this property before however, I assure you I shall return. Nevertheless, my first contact was with Angie over the phone, very professional and pleasant, a lost art, and rarity that you receive both I expressed to Angie my concerns and needs and she simply said Sir, you've come to the right place, I'll ensure your stay is a pleasant one, I'll take care of it. She spoke with such confidence and enthusiasm, she delivered Angie did not disappoint my room was superb, it was exactly where I needed to be, floor level, location, and exactly what I needed, Angie met all my expectations and much more. The Waverly entire staff and property during my stay were simply superb the property is astonishing the breakfast buffet to order is super. And they offer you a great late checkout time if needed. Well done Angie, well done your hard work you do day in and day out does not go unnoticed...thank you for ensuring I had a pleasant and most satisfying stay and much more......LeonThank you for the nice feedback, we appreciate it! I will be sure to thank Angie for setting the tone from the beginning. We hope to see you back soon!
Spent 4 nights here on a business trip. Rooms are comfortable and spacious. Service was great and had very little to complain about. Location of hotel is very convenient if you need to be in that area. A bit far out if you want to travel to downtown and airport...shops and restaurants however are close by so all in all if you on business and not pleasure then being far from downtown is not too big a problem.Thank you for the feedback on your recent trip, I am pleased you enjoyed yourself and hope to see you back soon!
Stay here four to five times a year. Great location. Good food. Nice bar. Nice pools and spa. Wonder full workout facility. Comfortable room. Will continue to stay here as long as they keep up the standards.Maintaining our facility and standards will always be a priority! In fact we are finishing up a meeting room renovation next week! Hope to see you back very soon!
Arriving in the middle of the afternoon on a business trip, I chose to forego grabbing fast food at the airport, and instead took my shuttle directly to the Renaissance Waverly Hotel. Big mistake. After a quick (and delightful) check-in, I rushed up to my King-sized room and changed clothes, hoping to run back downstairs and grab a very late lunch/early dinner. No such luck. No cafe or restaurant in the hotel was open during the day except for very specific lunch hours (11a - 2p). I was out of luck until 5:30pm - more than 2 hours away. I was famished! So I went back downstairs and put my credit card on file so I could order room service with its ridiculous delivery fee and separate room service charge. I know most hotels do this, but for a convention center with travelers arriving at all hours of the day, at least have a coffee/snack shop open! So far, this has left a bad taste in my mouth (because I am still waiting for room service, it's all I've had in my mouth!)I really appreciate your feedback and agree with you that you should be able to get a bite to eat in the afternoon. When the restaurant is closed we have Tosca Blu (lounge) open and do serve a pretty extensive menu. I am very sorry we did not make that clear to you and will follow up with my team. Please call me when you are coming back to town, I would like to take special care of you the next time you are with us!
This is a cut above the rest Renaissance hotel - good location, large and clean rooms, app checkin, and friendly staff. The decor was also very nice - sort of contemporary chic. While we didn't try it, the indoor pool looked very inviting. Only downside was that the coffee in the lounge was pretty tasteless...Thank you for your feedback! I will take a look at the coffee in the lounge and make sure we improve the flavor! Hope to see you back with us.
We stayed here on a road trip for a few nights whilst we visited Six Flags. It was s short drive to the park (15-20mins) and close by to the mall and restaurants.The room in this hotel was fine. The first night was spoiled by noise from the suite next door (not the hotel's fault) - but the walls must be thin and you would have hoped they would have dealt with this.We found many of the staff were abrupt (however, one of the security men helped find some milk for our infant late at night, which was great service). The Coffee Shop was also expensive. No big issues, just an average hotel that did a job for us.Thank you for sharing your experience with me, it always helps to get feedback. I will share your comments with me team and promise the next time you are here you will have a terrific experience!
I stay at the Waverly every November for work. We have a very large group and essentially take over the hotel and all the conference rooms and also rent out the trade show facility at the Cobb Galleria that is attached. The hotel is VERY clean and the rooms are very pretty, spacious and comfy. The beds are the best hotel beds I've ever slept in. Triple sheeted, feather bed, lots of pillows, etc.My one compaint from the last trip was when the fire alarm went off in the middle of the night. I was on the 14th floor and the hotel is in the round, all the rooms look down into the atrium area. When the alarm went off I exited the room and looked down into the atrium to see what was going on. I could see a few people at the reception desk and a couple of girls behind it but no one from the hotel seemed to be directing people or even paying attention to the alarm. Lots of other people left their rooms as well and we kind of waited to see if anyone from the hotel would wave at us or give direction which never happened. The alarm did not shut off though. I decided to take the elevator down but because of the alarm the elevators were in lock down. It was around this time that I realized I had left my key in the room. I didn't want to take the stairs down 14 floors in my pajamas and bc no hotel staff seemed concerned with the alarm most people went back to their rooms. I used the phone in my co-worker's room to call to be let into my room and the desk agent said they were investigating the alarm. It took about 30 minutes for someone to open my room which was probably bc he had to climb those stairs. I'm still shocled and confused over how they handled the alarm. It was bizarre that they didn't have anyone directing people or telling us it was a false alarm, etc.Other than that it's a great hotel and the conference facilities are fantastic, the food is yummy and the rooms are lovely. Unfortunately you have to pay for internet.
Stay Report - 5/6 - 5/7Location: The hotel is located on Cumberland Avenue right between I-75 and I-285. It's easy walking distance from the Cobb Energy Center and a mile away from the new Braves Ballpark (Suntrust Park). Nearby is the Cumberland Mall and Akers Mill Square Shopping Center which have a bunch of restaurants and shops. There is no public transit options available. Hotel: The hotel is an older property, a 14 story brick building with a central atrium. There are five elevators which can be a little slow when the hotel is at capacity. The lobby has a restaurant that serves breakfast as well as a separate restaurant and bar which is open until 12 and serves food until then. The second floor has a lot of meeting space which was full when I was there. Check In: The agent checking us in seemed tired and worn out and wasn't overly friendly. I don't blame her though, now that the Braves park is nearby this hotel gets very crowded. She did confirm what credit card we wanted to use as well as if we still wanted two King rooms and a Double room. She even tried to get us all on the same floor which was really nice. Room: My room was a double that was quite nice. The beds were extremely comfortable and the bathroom was of a nice size with a hot shower and Aveda toiletries. There was a small mini fridge and a coffee maker as well. My only complaint was the TV was older and couldn't handle digital channels. Restaurant/Lounge: We had drinks and dessert in the bar which was understaffed and crowded though the cocktails and desserts were quite good. The lounge was of a decent size and comfortable and had a pretty good breakfast spread. Hot oatmeal, grits, bacon, sausage and eggs as well as breads, really good pastries and fruit and cereal.Our rate was 160/night and for a Braves game this is a good hotel.Thank you for the extensive feedback! I am happy to tell you that we are getting new TV's in July / August! They will be 55 and contain all of the latest in entertainment options. Please come back and see us!
I love staying here. The hotel still has a concierge lounge. It is within walking distance of many good restaurants. Always clean - always comfortable And I get Marriott points! Why do they make me have 200 wordsThank you for the comments and we look forward to you staying with us again.
The hotel lobby is beautiful and we enjoyed a few nights using it. The rooms were spacious and nice dcor. There are a few restaurants/bars onsite with limited options for food. This is in a business district, and therefore the reason for the inflated prices in their onsite restaurant. It was nice to have free daily parking, and a great location to many things in the area. I truly enjoyed the roof-top pool and how spacious it was. Although I did have some issues at check-in with the Hotel manager and desk clerk, who was not aware of their own Marriott FAM certificate process and almost denied my room, luckily I was prepared for this and their lack of knowledge- I did not hold that against them, as I assume my situation is not common. Overall, it was very clean, friendly and a great hotel. We travel to Atlanta several times a year, this will be on my list of hotels I will stay again.Thank you so much for the feedback, we hope to see you back soon!
Stayed here for a convention being held in adjacent convention center. VERY convenient to that Convention Center....easy walk. But hotel itself was just ok. Room nothing special. Had room service which was average. Nothing really BAD to say, but not a truly memorable experience. Stay here if you are attending a meeting at the Convention Center. But otherwise, might consider other options.I am sorry we did make a more memorable impression. I hope to have the chance to have you back with us in the future, next time we will do better!
This hotel was very much like a resort in the city. Indoor and outdoor pools, two racket ball courts, Jacuzzi hot tub, steam room and sauna. The food in the restaurant was really good too. You could spend two or three days here and be totally rejuvenated. I look forward to returning.We are so happy you enjoyed your experience with us and hope to see you again soon!
I booking online for Opening Day for the Braves. Originally I was going to stay at a Hyatt or the Holiday in but they wanted 170 a night and the walk (checked it out on google earth). So I decided to checkout Priceline like I normally do and they had a 4 star hotel for 85 a night so I risked it and it payed off. We stayed in Room 1018 and it was clean and nicely updated. The only complaint I had was the door gaps are kinda loose and you can hear all the noise from the ground floor. The beds were very comfortable.Now the walk wasn't bad we cut threw the shops and it was a easy 10 minuets walk. The pedestrian bridge wasn't finished but it had plenty of room for all the walking fans. The nights we went the Doors the the Galleria Mall were unlocked. The area seemed safe. Now when we ran to Walmart there was a couple places that looked run down but it looks like that should change in the near future. Now for parking we did valet but the self parking lot never looked to be completely full. I did that not knowing how parking would be since it was the First game at SunTrust. I will definitely stay again unless I can get a better deal on a hotel (the Hampton, Omni etc) that are in the heart of the battery but I doubt that will ever happen. Thank you for staying with us! We look forward to your return.
I spent nine days here and must say the people are the most responsive hotel employees I have ever experienced. The Shuttle service was superb we had them take us to breakfast, lunch and dinner several times each. This resulted from the extremely high prices in the dinning facilities within the hotel. That would be the lone drawback to staying here. Check-in and check-out were quick and easy. Again, the best thing about a stay here is the staff you interact with they are the best!I am glad you enjoyed to stay with us, we hope to see you back soon!
Glad I was able to experience this Marriott property during the past year. The hotel is extremely convenient to local businesses plus a host of other major attractions in this part of Atlanta. Most notable will be the new Atlanta Braves stadium right across the highway from this property. Very comfortable rooms and friendly staff, plus great concierge lounge. Enjoy!Thank you for the post!
The hotel is great, very nice rooms and a great view. The neighborhood is quiet, you can walk on the park thats across the street. If you are there for a meeting, event or convention, its even better since hte hotel, as the name says, has its own convention center and you dont even have to go outside! Perfect for when its freezing outside!But if you are going on vacation, I wouldnt recomend this location since its far away from downtown and from most of the turistic places.Thank you so much for the review, I appreciate it!
Our Annual Industry Conference was held the the Convention Center attached to the Renaissance Waverly Hotel. The place was welcoming and such a great place. Everything was easy to get to, the food was great. The room was large and comfortable and wonderfully maintained. This is the second time around for our group, which means 400 other people enjoyed it too - or we don't comeback!I am so glad you came back and enjoyed the experience again! Thank you for the feedback, hope to see you again very soon!
This is an older hotel but far from beyond it's prime! They have done a fine job of keeping it updated. I love the way the rooms all open up to the main open area. The brick mosaics on the outside of the building are unlike anything I have ever seen. I loved the steam room and fitness area. The showers and little lounge area near the gym are wonderful. I almost stayed down there and left my poor husband in the room with two crazy kids! It was very quite even though there were many gatherings going on this weekend. The only problem we had was the jerk who had the room before us set the alarm for midnight and it shocked us awake. It took about an hour to get back to sleep. Just plain rude!Thank you for the deailed notes on your recent visit with us. I am glad you enjoyed your stay and had a chance to go to our fitness cente. I hope you were able to squeeze in enough time to visit our spa too I will share your experience with the alarm clock with my team to ensure we are double checking clocks when we clean the rooms. Sees like we could have caught that for you. Hope to see you back at the Waverly soon!
It's a typical generic Marriott hotel and convenient if you're attending a convention. The mall with more restaurants is walking distance but they're all chains. The line for breakfast was quite long all four days I was there- get there early or be prepared to wait.Thank you for taking the time to give us your feedback. I am sorry that you had to wait in line for breakfast, that is not usually the case but we had a large convention in the hotel. I hope we have the chance to have you back with us and earn a fifth star!
This was a great hotel pick away from the hustle and bustle. It was a short drive to the aquarium which we did not mind. The grounds across the street from this property are breath taking and make for a great photo opt. We did not eat here because the food was pricey. If you stay venture out into the Galleria centre for cheaper food. This is located just past the pool and spa. My only disappointment was that the outdoor pool was closed. It is a beautiful hotel and I would recommend it to friends.Thank you for taking the time to share your experience! I am glad you enjoyed your stay and we hope to have the opportunity to have you back with us in the near future!
The facility is beautiful and so close to restaurants.(Has one in the atrium) It's a little on the pricey side but its very secure. The staff with the exception of the lady at check in time were very nice and courteous. Checking out was smooth and the young man that helped with check out, more than made up for the check in experience.I appreciate you taking the time to complete a critique of my hotel. I am very pleased you enjoyed your stay but would love to learn more about your check in experience. If you have the chance, would like to talk to you via telephone, my number is 770 303 3186 and my name is Joe Uhl. Hope you have a wonderful Holiday!
This was a nice well run hotel, a little nicer and better run that most in it's class, but the staff were are more sincerely helpful and friendly than any hotel I have ever stayed in. By a mile. Bell desk, front desk and housekeeping. All 10 out of 10 on the customer service scale. Hotel was also newly renovated and very nice.Thank you for the feedback, hope to see you soon!
The Renaissance Waverly is a beautiful hotel with superb service. Everyone there is pleasant, professional and sincere. We had the hotel driver bring us to a local restaurant and he was amazing. Picked us up when we were done and didn't leave us waiting at all...he actually had to call us and say that he was there already!I am glad you enjoyed your time with us and were able to get out and explore some of the local favorites. Please come back and see us soon!
This hotel is nice. The staff is great and we chose to use valet parking. There is parking available on each side of the hotel, however, we opt for valet. This is a very busy hotel with several events (weddings etc...) going on. The rooms are spacious as well as the bath. The bed was too soft for my liking. Great location for shopping and eating. Restaurants all around, Walgreens, Pizza Hut, Chick fil A all nearby. Easy access to and from the interstate. I am glad you enjoyed your stay with us and had a chance to experience some of the restaurants around us. There is so much to do in this area! Hope to see you soon.
Never have I spent so much on a hotel that seemed so unsure of itself.When I walked in it was a very contemporary design, I was excited for what was to come! Got off the elevator and the hallways were a retro kind of green floral print. I thought, Maybe it gets contemporary again the rooms Open my door and saw a country style shower curtain and a very traditional hotel room styling in the room. Four design styles in one place! Weird. The room itself was nice though, and very clean. Love having an additional morning prep area to dry my hair, the bathrooms are always too humid in hotels. (Bring your own hairdryer though, mine kept shutting off.)After getting settled I went down to the fitness center. It is probably THE BEST hotel fitness center I have used. The only issue was that to get to it, I basically had to walk through a trade show that was taking place. Awkward! (Even more so when I left the gym all sweaty and walked among the business people!)Finally, I ordered room service for dinner. It was delicious! Loved my salad and the burger was top notch. The server was friendly and timely. When i went to bed - I got annoyed quickly. The hotel is setup such that it is a cube, with no middle. When you step out of your room, you can look over the balcony and see all the way down to the lobby. This would be fine if the doors were heavier. I could hear EVERYTHING happening down at the bar on the first floor and I was on the 10th! Frustrating!
The hotel is convenient to the convention center, connected, and a number of great eating places within minutes of the hotel. The the only drawback was the shuttle service, on every occassion but one it took over 15 minutes for the captain to find a driver, in 2 instances I had to show the driver how to get to the restaurant. These were just across the street at the Cumberland Mall.Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback. I will review with my Front Office team and ensure follow through. Hope we have the chance to have you back with us soon!
Recently stayed at the Renaissance Hotel Waverly in Atlanta and was impressed by the professionalism and friendly attitude of the staff as well as the accommodations. Room was large and quite spacious with wrap around windows that offered a nice view from the 7th floor. King sized bed and desk and complimentary Internet. Clean and looked to be recently renovated. Good location near shopping and restaurants and about 30-40 minutes to the Airport. I'd recommend this location for large group gatherings too as the atrium area makes for a nice visual with lots of space to get together.Thank you for the post regarding your stay with us, we hope to see you back soon!
I booked this hotel for a weekend birthday trip. Upon arrival, my friend and I were greeted at the door. The front desk staff were very nice and personable. I was able to have an early check in as well. Our hotel room was lovely. Very Clean, Comfortable and Modern. I was surprised that the staff remembered it was my birthday, they surprised me with a birthday card that included all of the staffs signatures and chocolate covered strawberries.Overall my stay at The Renaissance was wonderful. Free Parking, Clean, Close to the highways and mall. Excellent staff and great rooms. The only thing I disliked was that guest had to pay for Wifi.Happy Birthday! Thank you for spending it with us, I am really glad you enjoyed my hotel and hope we have the opportunity t have you back soon!
Renaissance Atlanta Waverly Hotel Convention CenterI had the occasion to attend the Revolution Chiropractic Convention in Atlanta. The convention was held at the Renaissance Waverly Hotel, this is a Marriott Property.The Hotel was up to the Marriott Standard, the young lady that checked me in, I think her name was Leah, she was delightful as well as very helpful. The room was spacious and clean, and the convention rate made it reasonable for a Marriott property. The bed in the room was amazing, it was like sleeping on a cloud, wow! So comfortable! For one who likes to sleep in a very cold room, I was a little disappointed that the lowest the thermostat would go was 65! I dont know if thats normal, in most hotels the first thing I do is to turn the air down to 62.I tried the breakfast buffet the first morning I was there, a little steep at about 22, can anyone eat 22 worth of food for breakfast It was awesome, they had EVERYTHING imaginable on the table. I ordered room service one evening, the burger was good, the service was fast and courteous. I was a little surprised, I ordered soup and was not given any crackers! I tried to call down, but they were so busy the phone was not answered.Overall a very good stay, I would certainly visit this place again.It is wonderful to hear about your fantastic stay with us and we appreciate the great comments. We hope that your travels bring you back to stay with us again. Thank you!
I've stayed at this hotel for 10+ years and it is continuing to get better. While traveling through Atlanta last night I made a point of spending the night here but I was very disappointed to find that on multiple occasions, the offerings were trimmed because of a group in the hotel. The bar was serving a limited off-menu food service and the breakfast buffet, even though the front desk said it was the full buffet was only a limited, cheaper option for the group. I was really looking forward to a waffle and omelet, which of course weren't on the buffet today. If you're going to offer special pricing for a group, don't not offer your non attending guests full options. Thank you for your feedback. I will be sure to share it with our team. We hope that you choose to stay with us again and give our hotel another try.
Stayed at the Renaissance while on business in Atlanta. Everything was very nice from check in on. The public areas were as well maintained and clean as my room. Bedding was great, no stains on the carpet, bathroom was very nice and clean. I didn't have the opportunity to dine in the hotel so I can't comment on restaurants or food. Front desk staff was very friendly.The only negative, which I didn't notice but others in my group did, was the noise coming from the open restaurant areas in the lobby. Seems that during functions rooms on upper floors (one person in our group was on the 7th floor) the sound travels up the elevator shaft.....just a guess. But again, I had no issues at all.Thank you for staying with us and sharing your experience. We hope to see you back again soon!
We stayed here because it was close to the Braves stadium and we are Marriott Rewards members. When we pulled up to check in, there were only people working valet no bell men to help with luggage. No luggage carts out front to get for ourselves. For this level of Marriott property, I would have expected luggage assistance along with a nice, warm welcome but that didnt exist. They were not busy at the time we arrived. I walked right up to the desk and got quickly checked in. Beds were comfortable. Room was ok on cleanliness except for hair in the shower from previous guests. The subfloor of the shower was not good the water pressure was less than satisfactory. I most likely would not stay here again mostly because of the lack of hospitality. Thank you for the feedback. We are sorry to hear that there was no staff present at the front drive to greet and assist you during your arrival and that your room was not up to standards. We have shared these issues with our team in an effort to avoid them reoccurring in the future. We hope that your travel plans bring you back to the area soon and that you will give us another try.
Hotel was clean and hotel staff very helpful. The room was huge and bed was so comfortable. Great shower. Bartender terrible. We were there with a football group and the bar was full of men, and the bartender had both TV's in the bar on Access Hollywood and some other entertainment gossip show. I don't think one person stayed for more than one drink, we couldn't wait to get away from the TV programming. As we approached and sat at bar, she (bartender) was standing under one of the TV's watching intently. She glanced over her shoulder and slowly tore herself away from the Prince Harry Vegas scandal. Just as she finished taking our order, another guy sat right next to us and she didn't even bother to acknowledge him. She slowly finished serving our drinks, she had to open a new bottle of wine for my order . . . because the TWO bottles in the cooler were BOTH empty. How can she have time to watch TV and have empty bottles and be low on suppliesWe will be staying here again on our next 2 visits to Atlanta, however we will skip the bar.Thank you for your feedback, I really appreciate knowing when things go well and when they do not. I am so sorry for your exeprience in my bar and assure you it is not typical! Please contact me directly the next time you are coming to Atlanta and your first round will be on me! I want to change your perception of our bartender and TV programing! Hope to see you soon.
This hotel is not as large as some of the 2 or less expensive 3 star hotels. However, the amenities and location along with upgrades makes this an awesome place to stay! This hotel is near shopping and across from a beautiful garden you can indulge in during lunch or a romantic evening walk. Shopping is also inside the hotel with several cheaper places to eat in the connecting building. The staff was excellent and the convention rooms were of good quality. Great hotel for business or pleasure.I hope you feel like you got your money's worth! We really appreciate you staying with us and hope to have you back again soon!
This hotel is conveniently located near great dining and shopping just about 10 minutes from downtown Atlanta. We experienced very good customer service in all key areas. The onsite parking was extensive and easy to deal with.Thank you for staying with us, hope to see you soon!
I have traveled for business a lot, and I've come to expect little from convention hotels. So I was delightfully surprised by the Renaissance Waverly Hotel. The interior designers did a great job appointing this facility. It was beautiful and well set up for a good night's rest. My only complaint (and this is negligible) is the background music. The ambient sounds being pumped into the atmosphere was an odd mix of drumbeats and birdsong and repetitive music -- it was like the hotel couldn't decide what atmosphere to shoot for.But all in all, the staff was courteous, the rooms were clean and comfortable, and the experience was overwhelmingly positive.Thank you for the feedback, I am really pleased that you had a restful stay with us. I will review the music play list and ensure it is correct, thank you for bringing this to my attention!
Upon my arrival here and stay for the night on a business trip I checked out this place online to see my value and what it had to offer for me. Walking into this place I was greeted with such respect and helpful people. I was very impressed with the lay out mostly the front door takes you right in front of the elevator so that I don' have to walk around to find my room or look for the elevators to take me up to the 6th floor. Once in the room I was very impressed with the mattress set they had to offer. Taking me to a deep and very comfy sleep. If there is one thing that I like to make sure hotels have to offer me is to have full 4G cell phone coverage on all floors, so that I can stay connected with my business partners and family while on the road. I have noticed in certain locations I did not have my full strength coverage as needed. This could be a very big improvement for any type of guest that may raise their customer experience while staying here.Thank you so much for your feedback, it really helps us understand what is working well and where we have opportunity. I will look into the cell phone strength and see what we can do to ensure we offer the best connection. We look forward to seeing you back with us soon!
really nice hotel, lots of stuff around hotel...indoor skydiving, ball park, shopping, food. we really didn't use anything around the hotel mainly because it's not baseball season but would love to come back for a ball game during season. Hotel itself was clean and roomy, the only thing that was a little bothersome was the rooms are a little loud. as with most renaissance, the open space in the center makes for lots of noise, especially during events. we put a towel at the bottom of the door and that did the trick. pool and exercise area were very nice and relatively clean. the location in comparison to atlanta and all of the attractions was a bit of a drive (20 min. or so) but it didn't bother us. i'd stay here again.Thank you for the post! Please come back during baseball season and catch a Braves game!
Stayed one night recently for a Braves game. Front desk staff was great. Parking was not an issue. Room was spacious and clean. Had several issues and TV and smoke detector. Staff tried to fix but never should have happened. Kids running the halls late in the evening. Lounge was open for breakfast on Sunday and that was a nice touch. Overall ok and would go back to see a game.Thank you for the information, I appreciate it. We are installing new TV's and the latest entertainment package as I write this reply! Hope to see you back.
This hotel would fit right into the downtown of any major city. But, here it is in the suburbs! Obviously, it caters to business travelers during the week. But on the weekends, it caters to people like me!Why was I here A long weekend getaway with my wife. Specifically, two days of bicycle riding on the fabulous nearby Silver Comet trail. We needed some level of luxury, walking distance to decent restaurants, and a safe place to park with our bicycles still strapped to the car. The Waverly ticked all the boxes. It didn't hurt that the weekend rate was a downright bargain.Our room looked to be newly renovated and very clean. The bath was clean, too, but it had some wear showing. Like maybe it hadn't been renovated at the same time as the room.The linens were very nice, though the pillows were disappointing. Also, the mattress didn't feel like the same quality that a hotel of this level typically has. TV was good and the A/C worked well. Housekeeping was super. Surprised that there was no safe in the room, this being a business hotel.Breakfast was included in our room rate. Buffet, of course, but the food was good and it had everything we needed. But it was just breakfast. Nothing fancy. The normal price for the buffet is 18. While I know that is typical for this level of hotel, it's just really pretty expensive compared to what is available around the corner.Okay, now, a couple of things that I don't understand... The first is why does the hotel charge north of 15 a day/night for valet parking when self-service parking is free and convenient Seems weird to me, but I'm sure they know what they are doing. The other is (and it's an industry trend not unique to this hotel) why do hotels now put those heavy duvets on the bed It's too much except in the dead of winter. One is either too hot with it on or too cold with it off the bed. These things just encourage guests to run the A/C down to a low temperature to make sleeping comfortable. Okay, put the duvet on the bed, but supply a light blanket as a comfort alternative and energy saver to boot.To close this review, let me say that the best thing about this hotel is the staff. Everyone we interacted with was just fabulous. In particular, Amira at the front desk went out of her way with an unexpected kindness. While checking our reservation, she must have overheard me say something quietly to my wife about her birthday. 30 minutes after we got to our room, a bottle of really good bubbly and a plate of chocolate covered strawberries was delivered. Perfect and so unexpected. Just wow!I am glad you were able to spend a couple days with us at the Waverly! I share your interest in bike riding and love the Silver Commet trail, such a beautiful place to ride. I appreciate your comments and critique very much, it helps us make adjustments to continue to improve! Hope to see you back with us soon.
I got this room for 87 on Priceline with a Name Your Price room at 4 stars. I wasn't familiar with the brand, so I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived. The staff was so nice and welcoming on my arrival even though it was late. The room was very comfortable. The carry Aveda products in the bath, so that was a nice touch. It was also close to several shopping centers and restaurant options. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because there was hair in several different places in my bathroom. It still seemed very clean, but definitely a let down to find that. I would stay here again at that price.I am very sorry for the way in which you found your room. I will review with my Housekeeping Manager and follow up. This is not typical at all for my hotel, we run among the highest cleanliness scores in the company. Please come back and see us soon!
The king size room on the corner is very big with many amenities. The bed is very comfortable. The refrigerator is bigger than normal hotel refrigerators. The concierge room is big. The one night we were there the appetizers were a limited, but desserts were very good.Thank you for the review of my hotel, we appreciate your comments and hope to have you back with us soon!
This is a wonderful hotel that is very luxurious. From the dcor to the staff, it is all top notch. I have never stayed in a Renaissance from Marriot before but I will start from now on when I'm in the Atlanta area. This hotel offer valet parking and free parking as well. Parking is safe and secure and is plentiful. I didn't see or hear any construction going on as posted in previous reviews but I was on the 5th floor.There was dentist convention going on at the hotel during my stay but it caused no problems with staff or other guests. Staff was still attentive and offered a snack to guest. I don't know if it was because I was a rewards member with Marriott or what but it was a nice treat.The room I had was a double queen and it was gorgeous. Rooms didn't have a fridge or microwave so I had to heat up food on the 6th floor near the vending machines. Wasn't that much of a hassle but would have been convenient If I had one in my room. Breakfast was buffet style for 18 which is common for a luxury hotel but I opted for another place on my way out of town.Hotel is across from Cumberland mall and 10min away from Dave and Busters for you adult kids out there.All in all I highly recommend this hotel and will stay again.I am so glad you enjoyed your stay with us! We appreciate your business and the time you have spent to write this review, I look forward to seeing you back at the Renaissance Waverly soon!
I stayed here recently for a business trip. The pros: location, food, nice rooms and amenities (comfortable bed, hot water, quality soap, shampoo and body wash, in room coffee). Most of the staff is great. I had a bit of a scratchy voice when I misplaced my room key and the front desk guy handed me a bottle of water and told me it sounded like I needed it which was so thoughtful and above and beyond. Kudos to the staff! I ate almost all my meals here, and was very impressed by the food. The cons: when I checked in they told me they could not find my reservation (I was part of the group). People spell my last name wrong a lot so I asked them to check that as well and she said that it was not listed under the incorrect spelling either. I wound up having to go to another hotel because the hotel was booked which was very inconvenient. Turns out they did have my last name spelled wrong, and the front desk clerk must not have checked throughly or cared. The next day I found out they had me listed as a no-show. All the other employees I met were super friendly helpful and thoughtful. I was able to check in the second night as another group had left and my company figured out the error. Since the rooms face the atrium, it can be a bit noisy especially if there's a function downstairs.Overall, I would stay here again, just the check in process was disappointing and made things very inconvenient for me for the first day I was in Atlanta for my conference. I am so sorry for the error in finding your reservation. I will share your feedback with my team and appreciate you taking the time.
I like this location alot. It has the best gym when traveling and feels like being home. The beds are really comfortable and males you not want to leave it. I like the bar and restaurant too the staff is aswome and offers really great service.Thank you very much for your comments, I am very pleased you enjoyed your stay and we look forward to having you back!
Needed a cheap place near Atl for the weekend. Good price for a good little room. Nice size tv sink updated. Bathroom could use work as hot and cold water is reversed and hot water doesn't get very hot.
The JW in the hotel name might stand for Job done Well. And it was during my business trip visit to Atlanta. Location, location, location. So convienent to the MARTA transit line, travel from the airport is quick and efficient. Hotel staff and food during our business meetings was flawless. Lobby bar was a bit pricey, and would make me walk to nearby establishments if more than a drink or two were needed. Rooms were clean and well appointed. Beds and linens were very comfortable. Super staff performance at every level.Dear Don W,Thank you for sharing about your visit to JW Marriott Atlanta Buckhead. We appreciate the kind remarks about our service as well as facilities and are glad you could discover the timeless elegance of our hotel, located in the heart of Atlanta's vibrant business, shopping and entertainment district. Thanks again for your kind words, and we hope to welcome you again soon.Best Regards,Eb MbyeDirector of Operations
We (4) 2 adults 2 Teens. Arrived at 7am. Daughter is a silver member and had just stayed in Dubai and Frankfort literally days ago. She had requested dbl beds but be cause her room on her profile was king size, we ended up with a chair and a king size bed for 4 ppl. The next day we waited for someone to contact us and know on did.. We had to go to the desk and ask. They gave us a room w king bed and a pull out which would have been alright but we would have gotten exactly what was needed from another hotel in the area and cheaper if someone would have told us earlier in the day.After that they gave us one thin blanket for the pull out. Requested another and they were out. Finally got one . when the maid came to clean she took one of the blankets. We had to call down to correct that.. All in all it was a good trip but bad service... They need to communicate more with each other and there guess that are having problems to make there stay enjoyable and uncomplicated.Thank you for visiting the JW Marriott Atlanta for your special occasion. I am sorry we did not have the requested accommodations. I am also sorry that your blanket was slow to arrive and then once received, was removed by our housekeeping team. You can be certain I will personally speak with our housekeeping team to share your experience and to also ensure we are communicating with one another to ensure our guests are happy and comfortable. Please except my sincerest apology. I do hope you will give us the opportunity to regain your trust and confidence. Thank you again for letting me know.
Shockingly wonderful hotel with such attentive service from the front desk to the lounge to the random staff in the hallways. Big room, big bathroom, comfy bed. Had a light dinner in their lounge and was really impressed with the wine list by glass, salad, and their service (ask for the bread service with the honey and butter). The hotel is conveniently next to the Lennox Mall and MARTA. Would stay there again anytime. if they had free internet and their towels were better - it would be have been a 5.
Although the accommodations were nice, the service and amenities weren't up to the standard you'd expect at a JW Marriott. Specifically -- when we reserved our room we indicated 4 guests, but on arrival were assigned a room with 1 king bed. The first staffer we spoke with was very unaccommodating. After speaking with a different staffer, we were able to change to a room with a king bed + sofa pull out. Unfortunately we found that room had no linens and it took 3 calls to the front desk to have them delivered. Lastly, the air in our room didn't work well and it stayed warm throughout our visit. I did, however, find the valet staff and the Nox grille staff to be very attentive. The breakfast buffet at Nox was delicious. This hotel has the makings of a wonderful luxury hotel, but needs a bit more attention to some of these finer details. Thank you for your visit and review. I am disappointed to learn about your service failures as we pride ourselves in providing outstanding services and exceeding our guests expectations. The service you received is not typical for the JW Marriott Atlanta. I do hope that you will feel free to contact me directly so that I can personally discuss your visit in more detail. In the meantime, you can be certain that I have personally followed up with our team on your comments. I do hope we can regain your trust and confidence and visit again. Thank you for letting us know.
The staff is wonderful and every aspect of my stay exceeded my expectations. Check in was so easy and the staff quickly accommodated my elderly mother. The hotel shuttle to nearby restaurants is a bit plus. Felix, the driver, is the best!Cindy - thank you for your recommendation. We will be certain to share your nice comments with Felix. I hope you and your mother will be back for a future visit.
Wasn't impressed with anything beautiful bldg on the outside but the staff inside needs a lot of work unfriendly not knowledgeable at all did a early check in room wasn't ready C the front desk person made no eye contact no smile ok we walk to the mall until the room was ready in a hr ok I was also caught off guard by all the fees they don't tell you online when you reserve it but ok we're already here finally checked in then the elevators where down some emergency not sure what it was but after a long flight and day we just wanted to relax the room had a bad stinch mildew because I have asthma and when there's mold around it sets my asthma off thank goodness I had my inhaler the room was basic dated no trash can liners not enough towels n washcloths the water didn't drain out after taking a shower fitness center and pool was great I also ask several staff members about the amenities and services their answer exactly 3rd floor so the last person I ask I said look this hotel has 30 plus floors and the only place I can get a Pepsi is in the hotel lobby this can't be true then the front desk person told me to go online to see what the hotel offers and amenities oh ok so since I made a trip to the front desk you don't know what's in your hotel point taken I told her I will never stay here again and I've stayed at other Marriott Marquis downtown Atlanta and their staff was friendly knowledgeable had information about the amenities and services this one by far is the worst I will never recommend or come back here I will go back downtown if your into the Mall and shopping great location other then that overpriced bad serviceI very sorry for your disappointment in our hotel. We pride ourselves in exceeding our guests expectations, our attention to detail and our service levels. Obviously we failed you and I would like to express my sincerest apology. I would love to talk to you directly regarding your stay. Please feel free to contact me if your time permits. I do hope that you will give us the opportunity to regain your trust and confidence.
Normally JW Marriott properties are very well-appointed, service is great, rooms are spacious and clean, and all the elements of the property are well-designed. However, I found this hotel to be very poorly run, poorly maintained, and awkwardly designed. My department held a weeklong meeting there in mid-January, 2013. The staff was absolutely top-notch in terms of friendliness and accommodation. Shortly after checking in, I used the lobby bathroom and it wasn't clean. At all. The room was nice, clean, and large. The bed was comfortable. Above the bed, though is a smoke alarm with a bright green LED. Bright and annoying. Multiple people taped things over the light from the second night on.On several of the days i finished with meetings around 430-500 pm only to find that housekeeping had not been to my room. One day, they didn't come at all. The restroom by the conference areas is just a mess. Fixtures pulling out of the wall, screws missing, stalls unclean.I will say that the food was good (though i never tried the actual restaurant) and they had a lot of healthy options. There are several shuttles that will drive you within a certain radius for free. Getting one is a little bit of a CF as there didn't appear to be much of a system.This isn't a bad hotel. It is, however, a terrible JW Marriott.
Nice place. It is a 4 star hotel, and looks like it. What escapes me is why with 4 star pricing everything has to be ala carte. Pay to self park Really Wow. No Free WiFi How is it that the 2 star hotels have free wifi and 4 stars charge big bucks for itThank you for your recent visit. Im glad you were able to enjoy the hotel overall and appreciated our 4-Star appearance. Please know that we take all feedback received very seriously for future consideration. I hope you will visit us again.
I stayed in room 2110. The room was lovely! Great view to the city! The hotel is well-designed and the staff was very professional. The awesome customer service started as soon as I stepped out of the cab at the hotel!Perfect hotel for business meeting or pleasure. I'll definitely be back. We were will taken care of everyday. The food was wonderful. The meeting rooms were spacious and clean. The event planner is knowledgeable and takes of you from start to finish.
Absolutely loved this hotel!!! The staff bent over backwards to help us, they answered every question we had, got our car quickly and even made me iced T. They were friendly, out going and made us feel like we were home. It was a wonderful experience, the hotel was clean, the room was beautiful. It was the perfect place to stay while in Atlanta.
JW Marriott Atlanta Buckhead continues to be on of my favorite hotels in Atlanta. The staff is fantastic and provide great service. It is in an excellent location near great restaurants, shopping and entertainment in the Buckhead area of Atlanta. I always in enjoy my stays here.
This was the most amazing place ever! I was in ATL for business and the hotel staff treated me like a princess. My first evening in ATL I had a box of chocolates waiting in my room welcoming me to ATL. The bell man, John I believe, was incredibly friendly and professional. My birthday was during my 2-week stay, the concierge received a phone call from my family and he arranged flowers to be delivered to my room when I returned home (to my hotel room) from work. The flowers were gorgeous and the head concierge paid special attention to having his most trusted florist prepare the arrangement. Considering the long duration of my stay upon my request, the hotel staff gladly assured that I had a refrigerator in my room as well. I wish I could stay at this hotel forever- I had a great experience!!
This is a great JWM. Staff was excellent - very polite and helpful. The hotel is awesome - extremely well done lobby and restaurant and very well appointed rooms. Great hotel to stay in. Will certainly visit again.
Hotel is extremely nice with modern rooms and great amenities. Being connected to the upscale mall was a nice touch and made it easy to pick up a couple of things. Food at the hotel is pretty standard for a Marriott but the mall and the few blocks around the hotel have several great dining options. This is my hotel of choice when I have business in Atlanta.
I am glad we finally got to have a meeting in hotel that is the epitome of elegance and service. The rooms, the fitness equipment, the catered meals, the staff all top line. My room had a wonderful view of the ATL skyline, and being attached to Lenox Square is always a plus. Our catered buffet lunches were superb, and the staff attached to our meetings were very amenable. We typically stay closer to the airport, but I am so very happy we came to Buckhead. I ate downstairs at the bar one night, and only OK food, but being as this hotel is so close to really good restaurants, it is not important to eat there, anyway.
We've stayed at the JW Marriott Buckhead every year for the past 3 years, with our most recent stay December 2015. I must begin by saying that this is one of the cleanest hotel properties I've ever visited, and I travel quite frequently (approximately every 2 months). Not only is the service great, but everything from the lobby to Nox Creek and the guest rooms look and feel absolutely beautiful. Hotel aesthetics aside, the property itself is conveniently located in the middle of Buckhead, directly connected to Lenox Square Mall. Moreover, there are plenty of restaurants within walking distance that are outside of the mall. If you don't feel like walking or if the weather doesn't permit, one of the hotel's cars will take you to almost any restaurant within 2 miles of the property. I will most definitely return this year for our annual trip to ATL.
Convenient location, very friendly and accommodating staff. Nice bar and lobby area.Great views of downtown. Close to airport and great dining.Very helpful bell staff valet crew. Clean safe propertyThank you for your recent visit and your post. We are truly fortunate to be so conveniently located across the street from the MARTA rail station which provides ease of access to so many of our Atlanta attractions as well as to the airport. I am happy you found our staff helpful and accommodating. I hope you will plan to visit again soon.
The last time I stayed here was about 20 years ago, this place was a dump. Because of this I was disappointed when it came up on Priceline. I'm a regular Marriott Rewards Elite member but usually stay at Courtyards. This just proves how one bad experience can influence decisions for many years. I was very, very pleasantly surprised when I walked thru the front door. Very attractive lobby, very friendly staff except for one bigger fellow at the front door who kept pushing for valet parking and unloading bags before we were even checked in. No tip for him, but everything was almost perfect from that point on. Very nice, attractive room, good a/c unit, quiet, and well designed. And very comfortable beds, good water pressure, and toiletries. With a walkway directly into Lenox and just across the street from Phipps the location is great. The drawbacks, 20 for self parking. You could probably avoid this by parking in a regular Lenox parking area but then again your car might not be there the next day. You do get in/out for no extra charge. The other negative is 12.95/day for inroom wifi but it does work. Supposedly it if free in public areas. The other drawback is food. The first night we were very tired and ordered room service. Expensive and bad. Too many good places nearby, so look elsewhere. Hope it comes up again. Definitely 4 star.
Had a quick stay here last week. Very nice overall.Check in was quick and easy. Was in my room within 10 minutes of walking into the hotel. Very nice room upgrade given. Concierge level room with great views of Midtown/Downtown as well as part of the Buckhead skyline. Room was large with a separate sitting area with couch, chair, and coffee table. Work desk was large and bed was comfortable and provided a great rest. The bathroom was spacious also. Had a separate tub and shower, with marble floors/sink. As I was only here for a brief time, I did not get a chance to check out the fitness or pool areas. Also did not have any experience with room service or hotel restaurant dining. I did have a couple of drinks in the hotel bar, and the service was friendly and efficient. For being surrounded by a huge mall with a lot of parking, I was a little disappointed that this hotel charged 17/day for parking. I live in Atlanta so I don't often stay in hotels in the area. If and when I need a Buckhead hotel again, this will be my choice. Prices generally seem more reasonable than some other hotels in the area with similar levels of quality service.
The hotel has promise, but this was not a pleasant stay. First, the good. The rooms are nice as well as the lobby area. The room was clean. The Elite lounge is better than average. The room was set up mostly to my request (minus a mini fridge). The things that make me not want to go back: 1) The elevator noise. I was put in an 07 all the room ending with 07 are the back wall of the elevator bank and they have some crazy loud elevators. I was waken up maybe half a dozen times before calling down to get a new room. The people on duty acted like Oh yeah, a lot of people like those rooms, it is just you I was not in the mood for the attitude at 2:40 in the am.. 2)The state of repair in the rooms. When I tried to call down about a room change, the first phone I picked up was dead.. OK, I walked to a second phone, picked it up, and it was dead (Batteries were shot). I called from the speaker phone. In the second room, I picked up the phone to make a call down to the desk, and guess what, the phone was dead. I tried to turn on the television then, guess what, it was dead. THe next day, I had tehm com up and fix the dead items, which they did. 3) Third and final for this stay, I tried to hook up my HDMI out to the tv to watch a movie, and guess what, the clever people at Marriott had disabled the ability to use your own content, If everything else had been good, this alone would have kept me from giving them a 5 rating.Thank you for your recent visit and for letting us know about your stay. While I am glad to learn you enjoyed your room and the concierge lounge, I was terribly sorry to learn that you experienced noise from the elevators, problems with the phones and TVs in your room. I will most certainly have our engineeing team investigate the rooms near the elevators and check for necessary repairs. Most concerning is the lack of concern you received when reporting your problems. You can rest assured that I will share your comments with our staff for further training and immediate attention. This is not typical for the JW Marriott Atlanta and I hope you will give us the opportunity to regain your trust and confidence by visiting us again. Thank you for letting me know.
Stayed at the JW to do my Christmas shopping. Location of this hotel is great as it is connected to the Lenox Mall. The MARTA station is also across the street which provides convinient transfers to downtown. At check in, I was told that they don't have a non-smoking king room available but could put me in a double room. I took that room without hesitation. The room was on the 21st floor, with a great view the skyline of downtown Atlanta. Tried to use the in-room internet but went off-line while I was using it. I call the front desk and later a person who is in charge with the in-room system called me and said I could use their internet facilities in the business center at no additional cost. Room service was not bad too pricy. Bathroom is spacious and marbled.
We spent the weekend Of September 17-19th. The location was great and the hotel beautiful. I was disappointed in the gentleman behind the counter who treated my family and others in our party like we weren't worthy of staying there. We were well dressed and happen to all be very educated with good jobs and I felt throughout the entire check in process that we were being treated like we didn't belong. Maybe because we paid in Cash Surely because we choose to be debt free and not used credit cards we wouldn't be looked down upon Or would we
From the moment we arrived, all staff were courteous and welcoming. A special shout-out goes to Gene, our complimentary driver who shuttled us to Pricci's- he was so friendly and polite and accommodating. Our room had a beautiful view of downtown, everything was clean and crisp, our air conditioner worked just fine, and Christina and the bartender at happy hour were wonderful. No complaints from these Marriott Rewards members- thank you for a lovely weekend!
its a great place, its location is fantastic with some of the best shopping and eating attractions nearby. Lenox mall is adjacent and some of the biggest shopping chains are a walk away. you will find some of the great eating places all around it. the hotel in itself is pretty great, beautifully done, and aesthetically pleasing. Rooms are great, all amenities provided, bathrooms are clean and well kept. The restaurant in the hotel offers great food, you can have your meals here too. The best part about this property is the staff, the staff is friendly, courteous, they take care of you and help you. i had such an awesome experience in this place, i would recommend it to everyone to come and experience it yourself.Dear Richa S,Thank you for being our guest at JW Marriott Atlanta Buckhead and for recommending us to others. It is rewarding to know you had an outstanding stay and that our dedicated associates helped to craft a seamless experience during your visit. We look forward to hosting you again in the near future.Best Regards,Eb MbyeDirector of Operations
Friendly staff made me feel welcome as soon as I reached the front door. Perfect location near the Marta and shopping was very convenient. and of course the beds are the BEST! Definitely will be back.Thanks for your visit! We look forward to welcoming you back again. We definitely have a pretty awesome location and glad you found it convenient.
The hotel is very nice. People are very willing to help with whatever you need. Restaurant on the main floor is actually food in the bar. Expensive and nothing to write home about. The breakfast buffet is now 26/person which is exorbitant, in my opinion. At 200+ per night they should include breakfast.Thank you for your visit and input. I am delighted you found the hotel nice and our staff very willing to assist. We pride ourselves on our service levels so I am happy we did not disappoint. I will share your comments with our Chef as we want to exceed your dining expectations.
My first night at the hotel was terrible. I had to call security due to the very loud and rowdy people on my hall. I felt like I was in the middle of a house party, which was not okay at 2:30am! The next morning I promptly called the front dest at 8am and requested a new room. I explained what had happened and they couldn't have been nicer about the situation. They promptly moved me to a new room on the concierge floor, and they also gave me complementary breakfast for the remainder of my stay.As a Marriott rewards member I was please to see how professionally they handled this issues I had and made them right. The complementary shuttle service the hotel offers is a huge help when trying to get to dinner reservations and shopping. The restaurant and bar are also nice, they also have a great workout room. The location is ideal for a trip to Atlanta. Great hotel!I am so very sorry to learn of the noise disturbance you experienced on your first night. I am glad we were able to accommodate you in another room. Rest assured we are also following up with our Loss Prevention team to ensure we making extra rounds in the evening hours to ensure there are not noise disturbances for our guests. I do hope you plan to visit us again. Thank you for letting us know.
Spending my Christmas at the hotel (long story) decided to try the rib eye at the hotel restaurant. One of the best I've ever had! Bartender Fally made me feel very welcome as well. Check in was easy and the desk person also made me feel very welcome. Recommend the hotel and definitely recommend the restaurant
Had a very quick stop in Atlanta and stayed at the JW Marriott for a night. Got an early morning workout in the fitness facilities at the hotel. The room was large and extra comfortable. The only negative was the parking.
I have stayed at this hotel approximately 10 times, and I always receive excellent service. The rooms are well-maintained. The hotel's location is great -- restaurants and the Lenox mall are nearby. I highly recommend this hotel.Thank you for your Top Notch review and your loyalty. Your recommendation is appreciated and we look forward to seeing you on your 11th visit.
I have seen this before in other hotel brands but shocked that the JW Marriott has resorted to HVAC manipulation to save a buck. You know where you turn the thermostat to 65 at night and the air blows at 70 (if you're lucky). Actually in our case it was turned down to 60 because we overrode the thermostat and called maintenance when this didn't work and the air still couldn't have been any cooler than 70. The thing about it is that the air was working because the room would cool off in the daytime. Apparently they're overriding the air temp from a master switch and putting a cap on how cool it will be at night. I'm sure this is to conserve electricity but why can't they do this in the daytime when people aren't in their rooms or trying to sleep instead of at night when people actually care about the temperature! Just be aware if you like your room temp below 70 you probably won't be happy here.Dear WullaB86,Thank you for choosing us for your visit. Our team strives to ensure an enriching experience for each guest, and we regret letting you down. It is disheartening to read that we fell short of our standards and we hope you will accept our apologies for the issues you encountered with the temperature of your room. We appreciate your patience, and we look forward to another opportunity to show you our commitment to quality and inspired service.Best Regards,Eb MbyeDirector of Operations
I traveled to Atlanta for a business conference and had the pleasure of staying at JW Marriott Buckhead for 149 night at the conference rate. The hotel was very clean and modern. The room was very big and the king bed I had was extremely comfortable. I had the best night sleep in a month. The staff were efficient and helpful. And the food provided for the conference was very good. The hotel is conveniently located just across the street from MARTA station so it was an easy 35 minute train ride from the airport, which could have not been easier. I paid 6 round-trip from airport. They have a very large pool, large hot tub and even a sauna. Very nice!I rated the hotel as 4 stars for two reasons: 1) Oddly, there wasn't a dresser in the room. Everything had to be hung up on the 8 hangers provided OR or stuffed in the very small nightstand drawer and 2) There is no wi-fi in the rooms. The rooms are supposed to have broadband, but I can't verify this. Others at the conference stated that their laptops couldn't connect using the internet cable in their rooms either.Wi-fi is available in the lobby. I just didn't want to sit in the lobby for any length of time.
The Scene: I stayed a few nights here for a work conference that took place within the hotel.The Experience: I ended up in a room with two beds. I thought perhaps a platinum elite member would be guaranteed a room type (I prefer King). Nope. Perhaps because I booked under a conference rate, there was no leeway. The hotel rooms were clean with a nice setup, no complaints there. Meeting rooms were great, albeit it got a little chilly sometimes. Got a drink at the bar, prices will make you wince. Be ready to pay for parking as well. I get it that nicer hotels charge more for the same experience elsewhere doesn't mean I have to like it. Service was great, one of the better experiences I've had.The Verdict: When I think of the Marriott chain, I attribute the JW Line to be the best-of-the-best aside from Ritz-Carlton. I thought I'd be able to drown myself in opulence and feel special. It was pretty, there were certainly great views, and it is in an awesome location, but I just felt underwhelmed by it all. Can't quite put my finger on it, but there were some things that were missing and a couple of missteps that soured the experience. I'd go back if I can get a great deal, otherwise, I'm willing to stay further out and deal with the drive it's just not worth it to me.
My boyfriend and I stayed here for three nights for a long weekend getaway. Everything about this hotel was top of the line. The bed was so comfortable we hated to get up in the morning. The pool area was spotless. We ate one meal, breakfast, at the hotel restaurant. It was delicious but very expensive. My order was wrong and the staff promptly corrected it and did not charge us. There is a Starbucks right in the hotel which is very convenient and an entrance connecting to the Lenox Mall. The staff was very helpful with restaurant suggestions and directions when we needed it. The Buckhead area is beautiful and full of wonderful restaurants. Our favorite was Eclipse Di Luna, an excellent tapas bar/restaurant. I would definitely stay at the JW Marriott again.
We stayed for a few nights after Christmas and had a great time. This hotel is very nice, and the service is excellent. The hotel has direct access to the mall, which is a bonus. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Buckhead!
Stayed at the JW Marriott Buckhead for two nights while attending a convention in Atlanta. Buckhead really isn't that convenient for downtown Atlanta, although the area is safer and prettier. This hotel is convenient for shopping malls and the MARTA train, but that's about all. The hotel is well maintained and the staff are polite. The rooms are quiet and have pleasant views on higher floors. However, next time I will stay closer to Atlanta itself.
This place was fab! Had a wonderful and romantic weekend here on part of our holiday in America. Loved the room and the big nice comfy bed. Would defintely stay here again.
This was my fifth and best stay to date at JW Marriott Buckhead in Atlanta. From John and his team at Valet to Michael and his team at the front desk, everyone was very helpful to my needs and provided the best service I've had in a long time. I'll be staying there again when I get back from Afghanistan. Thank you Team JW Marriott Buckhead! Army Tom
Quick one night stay in Nov 2017. Staff was very courteous and I was upgraded to a large room on the executive floor. Decor is a bit dated but overall well maintained.Location is excellent - the hotel is co-located inside the Lenox Square Mall complex so you're a short drive / walk away from many stores and restaurants.The breakfast experience in the executive lounge is typical of these large chain hotels selection of food isn't anything to write home about and the space isn't large (see pic) but you have very nice views of downtown Atlanta.Overall, it was a positive experience but I might consider staying at the Ritz Carlton next time I'm in Buckhead.Joe M - so happy you decided to stay with us and glad you enjoyed the hotel and location. I do hope you will choose the JW Marriott Buckhead the next time you visit.
This location is central to so many activities and restaurants. We booked this room because we were running the Peachtree Road Race. My husband and I came in the night before for a date night. The staff were so nice and the hotel is beautiful.Thanks for your post and the nice mention about our staff and hotel. Hope to see you for the next Peachtree Road Race or even sooner!
Nice hotel and great location next to awesome restaurants and the mall. We had a business meeting for a few days and the room was ALWAYS freezing. We asked them like 5x to warm it up and they kept saying they would but never warmed up. Our room was a good size but the bathroom was underwhelming for an upscale hotel. Pool and hot tub are a nice touch. Overall a good stay but not a great one. Thank you for your post. So happy you enjoyed the pool, hot tub and location of the hotel. I am sorry that you had to ask repeatedly to have the thermostat checked in your room and we failed to warm the room up. You can be certain that I have followed up with our team not only regarding your requests not being met but with our engineering staff as well. Our thermostats are motion censored and we will definitely conduct an investigation to ensure they are all in working order and any adjustments made. Especially since the weather is beginning to cool in Atlanta. Please be sure to visit us again when your travels bring you back to the Atlanta area and thank you again for letting us know
This hotel is a rare exceptional for my wife and I to find every aspect of our stay to be rated as 5 star service. The staff was extremely friendly and professional. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. We both slept very well. Our stay included breakfast and the food was excellent. The fruits were fresh and the chef served up a delicious egg white vegetable omelet. Our server Dee was impressive with her skill set (yes there is an art to this) in table etiquettes. All valet service personnel were courteous and offered assistance with direction as we'll as bottled water as we ventured out into surrounding communities. We will definitely stay at this hotel again!
My husband and I thought we'd stay here for our anniversary. Not a good choice at All!!! They not only did not have a room for us to stay in (as previously reserved), but they ended up putting us in a triangle shaped room that was as tiny as a corner closet...with a view of the building next door in close proximity. When asked to move we were told that they didn't have anywhere else in the ENTIRE hotel to put us. UNREAL! Not to mention that the staff seemed very uninterested in the fact that they were unable to accommodate us. I did however enjoy the location of the hotel, as it is adjoined to Lenox Mall and has great some great restaurants in the immediate area. This hotel was not at all worth the money!Thank you for planning your Anniversary celebration at the JW Marriott Atlanta. I am so very sorry to learn of your disappointment in receiving your requested room type. While we strive to ensure we honor as many of the specific room requests as we can (especially for a special occasion) we can't always determine if that room type will be available on the day of check in if that room type is still occupied from the night prior. It is not acceptable that the staff seemed uninterested and you can be certain that I have spoken with our team regarding the lackadaisical attitude you experienced. I am glad you enjoyed the convenience of the hotel and hope you will consider visiting again. We would love the opportunity to regain your trust and loyalty.
Recently stayed at this property and had the pleasure of meeting Sue, Lisa and Paul at the bar in the lobby. The ambient was very open and friendly, they made suggestions of where to eat and when we came back from dinner they followed up on how the other place was. Great service and always with a smile on their face! Recommend 100Evi - thanks for your 100 recommendation. I'll be sure and share your nice comments with our team and especially Sue, Lisa and Paul in the Nox Creek Lobby Lounge. We look forward to your next visit.
Mission: To celebrate a 14th birthday in styleBottom line: Much thanks to Rory, Yolonda, Tania, Sonya, housekeeping and room service for making our stay a memorable one. Even numbered rooms for great view.The goal was to have a fancy room, be treated as if we were special along with hours of shopping. I called in advance and talked with Yolanda a very pleasant receptionist who transferred me to Rory the concierge about ideasWell this hotel went above and beyond. Upon our arrival, Tania at the front desk placed us in rooms 1821 (corner room) and 1806 (standard). Rory had chocolate covered strawberries, chilled sparking water, a balloon tied to candy, and a personal birthday card addressed to my daughter which many of the staff had signed already waiting her arrival. Our rooms were clean, spacious, didnt have lingering smells hotel rooms often do so obviously the housekeeping staff is on the ball. The corner room was spacious and beautiful, but the view wasnt as impressive and outstanding as our 1806 room which looked directly at downtown Atlanta. I suggest to anyone to get standard rooms on the even numbered side of the hotel. We shopped all day and then to dinner (Atlanta Fish Market), spent a few hours at the spacious Roman like pool, and slept in extremely comfortable beds. I want to add even the complementary shampoo actually had lather to it. Room service for breakfast provided a fabulous meal and even the coffee in the in room 4 cup pot wasnt too bad. My only adverse comment about my stay and this is being picky because the hotel had an event going on was I called ahead from my room for our car, about 10 minutes, and when we got downstairs they still had not brought the car up and we barely made our dinner reservation. I also was not too thrilled with the 30 dollar overnight parking fee. On check out Sonya at the front desk was very pleasant as well and having a great and personal attitude towards guest especially during busy is a real plus to me
The JW is well-located within Buckhead, attached to Lenox Mall which is great for shopping. The amenities provided are comprehensive but the rooms are a bit dated and the other Marriott across the street is quite frankly just as good for about 30 less a night.Overall I would say this hotel is great but nothing impressive or really spectacular here. The service is the only thing I would say that stands out.Thank you for your post. I am glad that you found the hotel convenient and the service levels exceeded your expectations. The JW Marriott Service levels are truly what set us apart from Marriott Hotels, Conference Centers and Resorts. Thank you for your feedback regarding your guest room. We take all comments very seriously for future planning. I hope you will plan to visit again.
If shopping is your thing Lenox Mall (or Phipps Plaza across the street), offers some of the best high end shopping in the Southeast. We moved from Atlanta to South Florida twenty years ago. We are very familiar with the area and where looking for a place where our adult children could meet up with us before driving father north for the holidays. There is a Marta Station (Lenox) directly across the street from the hotel. When coming from the Airport make sure to take the train marked Doraville. Parking is expensive 20/day if you do not use the valet. We booked using a general hotel web site hours before our arrival and got and excellent rate. It may be possible to do even better if you call the hotel direct. Like all Marriott hotels the service and accommodations were excellent. We stayed during the holiday week so traffic was light. I like most people still complain about the internet charges. We just used our own data. There are numerous great restaurants within walking distance or a short taxi ride from the hotel. There is a quick breakfast cafe servicing the office crowd in the shared office tower.
The staff was very courteous and went out of their way to be helpful. Had it not been for the staff, the hotel would have gotten a lower review. The lobby was well done with plenty of (mostly comfortable) seating. The elevators (when working) were very fast however one of them seemed to enjoy eating people (doors would close on you when exiting the elevator and would not spring back..I had to force the doors back open on more than one occasion). Over the course of the weekend the number of working elevators dwindled to one which caused overly excessive wait times. (At one point on Sunday, I waited for over 10 minutes for the singe working elevator.. I finally gave up and carried my luggage down the fire stairs).The room was okay, but not what I expected from a high end hotel. The room was more on par with some other more economical hotels I have stayed in recently. The air conditioner was noisy and would not cool the room. Except for the bed side tables, there were no drawers to unpack into (there were shelves under the TV, but they just do not work as well). In the bathroom the tub would not drain and there was mold growing on the tiles/groutAlso parking is expensive at 22/night (self park).Once again the staff was great and somewhat made up for the other issues.Thank you for your post and candid feedback. While I am happy to learn our staff was courteous and went the extra mile to be helpful, I am sorry you experienced challenges with the elevators and your guest room. You can be certain that I will have our engineering team take a look at the elevators to ensure they are in proper working order. As well, I have already asked that our engineering and housekeeping teams conduct room inspections to insure the air-conditioning units and tub drains are in proper working order. Thank you for letting us know. It is through your valuable feedback that we can continue to improve. I do hope that you will return for a future visit.
The JW Marriott Hotel Buckhead deserves its outstanding reviews and rating. After my last JW Marriott experience (not exactly positive), I'm glad this hotel changed my opinion back to positive. Very beautiful hotel - terrific customer services, great accommodations, great meeting rooms.I would definitely stay here again - just wish it were a tad bit closer to some of the things to do in Atlanta.
The people throughout the hotel are very friendly. The rooms are a step above a regular Marriott. This property is connected to the Lenox Mall which is something to do on a rainy afternoon.The bed was comfortable and the TV is a decent size.All in all, a very good place to stay in Buckhead.Dear AndrewLNewYork,Thank you for sharing about your stay at JW Marriott Atlanta Buckhead. We appreciate the kind remarks and are glad you could discover the timeless elegance of our hotel, located in the heart of Atlanta's vibrant business, shopping and entertainment district. We hope to see you again soon!Eb MbyeDirector of Operations
Mr. McPherson and all the staff are amazing. This property is run at a high level of excellence. I'm so impressed very everything from the food, workout facilities, to the rooms. The rooms are elegant and sophisticated with wonderful aromatherapy shampoos and soaps. Fluffy towels and robes. How nice for you to recognize Julian McPherson, our Senior Rooms Operations Manager. I will be certain to share your comments with him. I am so pleased that you found our property service levels excellent. Come back soon to enjoy some more aromatherapy shampoo and soap!
Fabulously friendly staff working the lobby area. Very willing to engage you in conversation. Nice workout room. However, after a long day in the office arrived to my room at 5pm to find no housekeeping attention. Disappointed that for the price that occurred, as well as no complimentary breakfast and unless you're a rewards member you're charged for wi-fi.
I always stay at the JW for my trips to Atlanta. Convenient to the MARTA so you don't have to battle Atlanta traffic from the airport and to downtown and midtown. Rooms are clean and comfortable. The best part of the hotel is the staff. They are always pleasant, helpful, and make you feel welcome during your stay.Dear NMBalloonist,It's so nice to read the wonderful review about your stay at JW Marriott Atlanta Buckhead. We appreciate you mentioning our location and service. We look forward to welcoming you back soon. Eb MbyeDirector of Operations
Last trip I refrained from reviewing after a rather bad experience. I believed it was a one shot occurrence. Last trip, I was given room keys that didn't work for the parking. Returned to the desk and received a lukewarm sorry. I stayed for 4 nights. My room was left completely un-cleaned one day and not well cleaned the other. When I informed the front desk, another lukewarm sorry. After I asked to see the manager, the desk person offered reward points instead because the manager was not available. Arrived today, front parking attendant asked for my car key while I checked into the hotel. Mind you, the front desk is in view from the entry way. I haven't been asked that in the last 2 visits. I asked him why and he said that people parked there and left their cars. He needed my key in case I did that. He reluctantly gave me a ticket after I asked - his reasoning was I can see you from here at the desk. Huh Wasn't that my reasoning as well except as the customer A rewards member, I was asked for my information though the person making the reservation a month ago took all my information. Got my keys - one opens the parking deck and one opens the room door, but neither does both. Can't wait to see what else I encounter while here.
When we arrived we were greeted by the staff. They were very friendly and knowledgeable. Our room it was very clean, Everything worked great. The only thing lacking was more condiments for the coffee or tea. We were able to get more from the lobby. Nice pool and spa that worked.Awesome view of the city!
We were pleasantly surprised when my hubby had to go to a meeting and this is where they put us .. The hotel was very clean and quite.. We went down to the pool and hot tub and we were the only ones using it and it was so nice... The staff was friendly and very helpful ...Thank you for posting your nice comments and letting us know the staff was friendly and helpful during your visit. I am pleased you enjoyed our pool and hot tub without distractions. I myself find it very relaxing to have a nice swim or soak in the hot tub when traveling. We hope you will be able to visit us again the next time your travels bring you to Atlanta.
The attention to customer service in the lobby was impeccable from the concierge to the bellman, the checkin staff and more. I was treated like I was staying a high end hotel The location is perfect if you are using the MARTA. If shopping is your thing the hotel is attached to a high end mall. They also provide shuttle service within 2 miles of the hotel. We used to to go to dinner. If was efficient and very handy. The room was just ok. I felt it should have had higher end luxuries for example: large, fluffy towels. The room was set for 2 but only had 1 bathrobe. We ate breakfast at the buffet set in the lobby. The service was marginal at best. I asked for a coffee warmup twice and had to get out of my seat to find the waiter and remind him. Certainly unacceptable service for a JW.
Stayed for 1 night. The stay was awesome. The room is clean and spacious with 2 double bed and luscious mattres. I had the best sleep. What i love the most is the hotel is directly connected to Lenox Square Mall the upscale shopping mall in Buckhead where i simply can get everything i need under one roof. Definitely recommendedThank you for your visit and recommendations. Glad you had a wonderful nights sleep and enjoyed the convenience of the hotel. We are very fortunate to be connected to Lenox Square Mall. Definitely a perk!
I have stayed at this hotel on several different business trips over the past ten years, most recently in April 2013, and have consistently had a good experience. I will continue to stay here on trips to the Buckhead area. The hotel is clean and well-maintained. Staff is friendly and very helpful - delivering boxes to my room, sending a fax for me at no charge, and even driving me to a nearby office building that was just a tad far for walking. The hotel is attached via walkway to the Lenox Mall.This may be a strange thing to rave about, but I ordered oatmeal from room service for breakfast, and it was BY FAR the best dang oatmeal I have ever had. Ever. Sweet, creamy, delicious. The only negative is - I had intended to have a healthy breakfast, and I am sure that oatmeal was far, far from healthy. But so good.
Spent a few days roughing it in the mountains. Spent a day here shopping and eating. Excellent location. Attached to the Lenox mall. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Went out of their way to help. Really good culture they have developed at this hotel. Great pool. Great work out room. You are indeed a VIP and I am glad we exceeded your expectations. Our hotel is definitely the pace to come for shopping and eating. I hope the next time you spend a few days roughing it in the mountains you will plan to return to the life of luxury at the JW.
My son and came to Atlanta for our annual trip to see the Braves. We stayed at the JW a few years ago. Although the hotel was nice, the experience was just ok. The room was nice but had the old style TV. Room service was slow, staff ok. The only thing that was great was being next door to the Lenox Mall. Last year we stayed at at the Omni but decided this year to give the JW another try. I'm so glad I did. It was a completly different experience from our previous stay. The staff was genuinely helpful and concerned. After checking in (10am) I left the front desk thinking I remembered where to go to get to the room. I saw a security person and asked her. She was so helpful. She went on the elevator with us, took us to our room,made sure our keys worked and if the room met our standards. I have never received service like this. The security person's name is Gwen Rankin. She gave us her card and told us if we need anything to contact her. The room was very nice and had the flat screen TV that we come to expect from a high class hotel. My son and I had plans the next day and wanted room service. We thought we had to get up at 6am to place our order so that could get to our destiation on time. Well we woke up late and was going to change our plans. I called room service and they told me they will be there in 30 mins or less. I was pleasantly surprised. Our previous experience with room service, it took them almost 2 hrs to bring our food. Needless to say my son and I were able to keep our plans. After this trip it was decided that if I'm able to get the great Government rate as I did this trip, the JW will be our hotel whenever we visit Atlanta.
We took a family trip to Atlanta. This is a very nice hotel with exceptional staff. Rooms were large with an excellent view of the downtown. Weekend rates are very reasonable. It is very convenient to MARTA right across the street.Thank you for bring your family to visit us at the JW Marriott Atlanta. We have a beautiful city and I am glad you were able to enjoy a skyline view. Being located across the street from the MARTA rail system is certainly convenient to many of our Atlanta attractions. I hope you and your family will plan to visit again.
I stayed for 2 weekend nights and because of my Marriott GOLD status had access to the Executive Lounge on the 25th floor. I got a very attractive weekend rate which included a full, wonderful breakfast and dinner (on Sunday but not Saturday) at the lounge. The service was first rate and amenities included complimentary high speed internet for GOLD members and higher. If you need to be in the Buckhead area, the hotel is well located although there is lots of traffic and the parking is expensive if you have a car.
I enjoyed a 2 night stay here recently and will surely make this my choice to stay in the Atlanta area in the future. First and foremost, our room was clean and comfortable. The location, being attached to the mall next door, is very convenient. However, the the highlight of my stay was the service of the front desk, concierge and valet/shuttle team. Im sure this was a very busy weekend but all of these individuals were the most proactive service oriented hospitality professionals. They truly seem to want to do everything they can to make your stay top notch. Other members of our party were staying at a different hotel down the road and wished they had stayed here.PS. Loved the refreshing fruit infused water in the lobby and the make your own trail mix happy hour. Very fun and appreciated! Dear 007traveler64,Thank you for sharing your fantastic experience at JW Marriott Atlanta Buckhead! It was a pleasure to read your review, especially that our hospitality surpassed your expectations. Our goal is to provide the highest levels of service so you will visit often and recommend us to others. Thanks again for choosing us, and we are looking forward to welcoming you back for another memorable trip. Best Regards,Eb MbyeDirector of Operations
My wife and I spent two nights at this gorgeous hotel recently while visiting Atlanta for a Braves game and, of course, for shopping (you can walk indoors to huge Lenox Square from this hotel). Our room was immaculate and beautifully furnished and equipped, but the thing that really stood out was the staff. Every single employee we encountered was friendly and helpful, and seemed determined to help us have a terrific stay. We will definitely be back.Thank you for recognizing our staff for their service during your recent stay. I am blessed to have so many dedicated associates that love providing outstanding service to our guests. I'm glad to hear that you were able to get to a Braves game and do some shopping in the Lenox Mall which is connected to our hotel. It's a great way to spend a few days while in Atlanta. We look forward to having you return again soon.
I stayed at the JW Marriott for 2 nights for a conference held inside the hotel. Everything from security, air comfort, to the food and drink was A+. I want to make a special shout out to the security lady, wish I would have written down her name, who as a matter of walking through the hall asked me how my stay was going. I had a minor issue with the climate control in my room and told her about it. She was amazing. She had the issue solved within the hour, saw me later in the hotel and asked if I was satisfied. WOW.I have another worthy shout out to the server in the lobby lounge that expertly attended to my party of 5 travel weary guests. Her smile never wavered and I can assure you that we weren't an easy bunch that evening simply because we were hungry and tired. The lobby is beautifully appointed in such a way that I actually sighed with relief when I got there. And lastly, i love love love the fact that this hotel is directly across the street from the Lenox Street Marta stop making my dash to and from the airport an absolute breeze.Thank you for your glowing review. I will be sure to acknowledge our team for a job well done. Thank you for sharing. Please visit again.
This had to be one of the poorest experiences I've had at a JW. The front desk staff made little effort to rectify their errors despite me booking this room well in advance. I was put in a handicap room with no attempts to recover the situation. I would take my money and go somewhere else next timeThank you for your recent visit. I want to personally apologize for your disappointment. Please know that I have personally followed up with our front office team as a learning to see how we could have made your experience more positive. We do strive to exceed our guests expectations and to ensure they have a comfortable and enjoyable stay. Thank you for your feedback. I hope you will consider a future visit.
Stayed here two nights for a wedding. Very nice, clean, friendly staff, great location, wonderful hotel food -- we were very impressed and would definitely recommend it!! It's also attached to the mall, there's lots to do! Great location, easy to find, great amenities. We requested a crib for our toddler, not only did they provide it (and the rooms are spacious enough to accommodate it), but they also provided her with her own baby toiletries in a cute bag that came with a rubber ducky, she loved it! We will definitely stay again!Thank you for staying with us for the recent wedding you attended. Thanks also for your sharing your nice comments regarding the staff, guest room and hotel food. So happy your little one enjoyed the rubber ducky! We look forward to your return.
Stayed at the JW Marriott several times now as it is in a very convenient location and close to Houston's, however I think it is a dump the more I stay. This last time, the price increases from one amount to about a 100.00 more in 2 hours when I went back to book. Then I get a room with a shower/tub combo that I specifically said, I don't want. My morning shower was a nightmare to say the least. The water only trickled out of the faucet as the handle was off in my hand. Seriously I could not even shampoo my hair. I was livid. Pictures attached as when I say trickled I mean that may be an exaggeration as it was only basically dripping. The rooms are really a dump. Last time the air did not work and the filter looked to be about 10 years old. This room had air that worked so well it sounded like someone was in the duct work banging to get out, seriously I turned the air off to get some sleep. The decor is very modern and updated and truly looks nice. I just expect the room to be comfortable in a JW not falling apart. Very unhappy with this hotel. Moved over to the AC from now on.Thank you for your recent visit. I am sorry you were disappointed in your stay and the with housekeeping issues you described. Rest assured that I have followed up with our staff for immediate correction. I am not sure what may have happened with the rate increase you mentioned. If we were close to sold out there may not have been a general room available any longer and only our Executive floor rooms. I would appreciate the opportunity to speak with you more specifically and hope you will feel free to call me directly. We would love the opportunity to regain your trust and confidence. Thank you for letting us know.
I stay at this JW Marriott every time I visit Atlanta, which is several times a year. Whether with my husband or shopping trips with my daughter and granddaughter, I feel special and welcome each time. I cannot say enough about the front desk staff. They see to your every need, greeting you by name each time you walk through the door.They make you feel very much at home! The rooms are amazing, always clean and up to date. I love the concierge lounge- the breakfast and evening horderves are excellent and the staff is so kind. Thank you everyone for making each visit to this Marriott one of a kind!Thank you for sharing your JW Marriott Atlanta Buckhead experience. I am glad we were able to make you feel special during your visit and that you were home-away-from-home. I'll share you wonderful comments with our team. Looking forward to your next visit.
I highly recommend this hotel. I booked a weekend here for my sisters and I as we wanted to shop at connecting Lenox Square and Phipps Plaza across the street and to use the spa services from DASS Salon. We preferred to stay in Buckhead at an upscale hotel and this hotel fit the bill. The front desk and the concierge services were very helpful to us as far as getting us into restaurants. One of the staff gave us wrong information about the length of a Taxi cab ride to one of the restaurants, which ended up costing us three times what he said it would. The Valet staff did arrange for us to be driven to Phipps Plaza and back because it was raining one afternoon. Our rooms were very clean, comfortable and nicely furnished. We were at the end of the hall on the tenth floor (great views) with two connecting rooms and our own separate entrance/hallway. The Sunday breakfast buffet at the hotel restaurant was delicious and the service was excellent. Of course, we were tipping left and right but it was well worth it. Everything from check in to check out and in-between went smoothly. The snack/coffee shop in the hotel was top notch, you could get everything from bandaids to a danish. When I got home, I realized I left my phone charger. I called the hotel and they put me in touch with the Loss Prevention staff. They recovered my charger and sent it to me overnight at no charge.
Staff and facility not impressive. No hot water in room. Contacted maintenance and the guy came up to my room and said yep, no hot water.... it happens he told me that it should be better in the morning. Guess what, I had to take a cold shower next morning.They billed me for long distance calls that I never made. I haven't made an outside call from a hotel since the mobile phone age. I have called the accounting department multiple times to get the charge removed and still haven't been successful.I could go on, but the bottom line is this is a second tier hotel, not up to the JW brand name.Thank you for taking the time to review the hotel. I am sincerely sorry about your hot water issues experienced, your billing issues for phone calls and the service failures once reported. Rest assured I will follow up with our teams for immediate attention. I am hopeful you will feel free to contact me directly so that I can ensure your charges have been removed for the calls and to discuss your stay further. We take your feedback very seriously and strive to provide exceptional service. The service you received is not a standard for the JW Marriott Atlanta. I look forward to hearing for your.
Stayed here on business and it was the perfect hotel. The staff was extremely helpful and attentive. They booked me reservations at different restaurants and they have a shuttle that will take you anywhere within two miles, and pick you up! They have a good fitness center, a nice lobby bar, and a caf in the lobby. It's the perfect place to stay for business because they have everything you need right there.It was a little pricy but I think there was a conference going on while I was there.Thank you for post. I am happy you found our staff helpful and attentive. We strive to anticipate our guests needs so it is reassuring to learn when we accomplish our aspirations. You mentioned you were here on business and it was perfect for your needs. We have some great weekend rates and packages and might find it a perfect hotel for that weekend getaway too. We are so convenient to many of the restaurants and attractions, not to mention connected to Lenox Square Mall which makes us a perfect destination to unwind. Hope to see you soon for business or pleasure!
Fantastic hotel. Staff was very friendly. Good food served at our conference. Excellent location. Concierge gave us a lunch recommendation that was so good we went back for dinner the same night. I would put this hotel right up there with the Ritz around the corner.
Stayed here on business. Guest services and all attendants were very helpful and pleasant. Location is most convenient. Marta station is across the street. Lenox mall is next door with a covered walkway to it, wife LOVED that. Houston's restaurant across Lenox Rd was superb(see separate review). Room was quite nice and the bedding was fabulous. The negative was the AC was on 67, woke up hot, turned it down to 63, woke up in the am still hot and it wasn't one of those blistering days that you can experience in ATL. Otherwise the hotel was very good and modestly priced for ATL considering the quality.PS: The parking lot requires the room key to use to exit and there is a box to drop it in, if you have checked out. A strange set up and I wasn't informed about this when I checked out. Had to buzz the desk and get them to open the gate, which held up 4cars behind me wanting to leave.Thank you for your excellent comments and feedback. I am sorry that you were too warm in your guest room and had some challenges with your garage departure. Rest assured we will have our engineering staff check the guest room thermostats and review our departure process in the garage. Thank you for letting us know. I do hope that you will consider visiting again to enjoy our services and conveniences.
Universally attentive service. Club Lounge on 25 is wonderful and staffed with friendly, caring personnel. Front desk staff are also highly customer centric. Hint of the day - fish around on Priceline (executive deals) for access to this 5 star gem at a 3-star price. this is by far the best hotel in the Buckhead area and I have stayed in many.Glad you hear your second stay was as good as the first. Thank you for the recommendation Joe N.
My family and I have been staying at the JW Marriott Buckhead for many years and have never been disappointed. The staff, ambiance, and convenience to Lenox Square Mall makes it a perfect place to relax and enjoy a fun weekend getaway. The rooms are always clean and spacious. My daughter claims the JW has the best and most comfortable beds of anywhere! The valet service was great and once we called from the room, our car was waiting on us with cold bottled water in the cupholders. I've never had a single bad experience at this hotel. Keep up the great work!
Marriott Platinum. The people at the JW Marriott Buckhead are great. From the front desk, room service delivery, lounge staff, to the other people we interacted with the customer service is great. The rooms and lounge however feel dated. The rooms are clean and spacious but it reminded me of the late 90s/early 2000s. The lounge is also smaller than expected and the food options are OK but they run out quick! Overall, the stay was above average with the staff being the stars. I would stay here again, but would like to see a facelift.Thank you for taking the time to let us know about your visit. I am glad you found our staff accommodating and they provided you with great customer service. I wanted to share that within the past week we have replaced our lobby and Nox Creek Lounge carpet and next summer, our Grand Ballroom will be re-invented. I am glad you will be visiting again.
Beautiful hotel with very nice facilities for training sessions. Very very nice buffets with meal plan for breakfasts and dinners. Great location right across the awesome Lenox Square. Staff very professional and great attitudes. Rooms clean and very well appointed and beds SUPER comfortable. Lots of nice restaurants within walking distance, fun open air sitting area in front of hotel, and lovely Marriott club lounge.Stephanie - I am glad you enjoyed our facilities for your recent training session as well as the meals provided. We are definitely convenient to shopping and restaurants and I hope you were able to enjoy some time away from your training to complete your JW experience. Thanks for your post.
Been to this JW Marriott many times. They did a nice remodel and the staff are friendly, HOWEVER this time, we booked a room for THREE and received an upgrade to a larger room but with only ONE bed and a pullout couch. The couch was not comfortable for our 12 year old. The corner room smelled very musty, there was not enough towels for three either. Frustrating when you are a marriott member, they have your profile, you book a room for three and they can't even have enough towels and only one housecoat. Very disappointed this time!I would like to sincerely apologize for the disappointment in your recent visit. I have personally followed up with our team to address the service and housekeeping issues you have shared. Our engineering team is also checking the sensors and air conditioning in our corner rooms. Thank you for letting us know. We do appreciate your loyalty and the nice comments regarding our staff and remodel. I hope you will give us the opportunity to regain your confidence and visit again.
I was here for a 3 day business event. The setting, attention to detail and very helpful and friendly staff all helped to make this event a great success. The food served was fabulous. The rooms are well appointed and very comfortable. This hotel is in a very nice area of Atlanta about a 1/2 hour drive to the airport. Adjoining Lenox Square Mall is a definite plus.
I have stayed at this hotel many times. It is a very nice hotel but the elegance was not what it has been in Previous visits. When I arrived, the valets seemed annoyed that we did not pay for valet parking. On previous visits, they were extremely gracious and did not mind that we self parked. Hotel reception was very professional but again, something was off. I am not slamming the hotel, just noting that something has changed. I ask the management to please review your previous management style and return to that management style My wife also commented that something had changed. It is still a very nice hotel and the rooms are very clean and pleasant.
I'd like to preface by stating it's a 3.5. I booked a club room via Anerican Express platinum. We were upgraded to a deluxe room, nice. The club is definitely not worth it! Any club I've been in has more than 2 offerings a day. And definitely more than 1 on the weekends! Very disappointed. You can not go into the club and just grab a water or soda. It is locked many hours of the day on weekends. Rooms were average. Lobby average. Housekeeping did a very nice job. Just not impressed:(Thank you for staying with us and for letting us know your thoughts on our Executive Lounge. I am sorry for your disappointment. We will definitely take your comments into consideration for any future changes to our Executive Lounge hours. I am glad you enjoyed your upgraded room and found our housekeeping team did a nice job. I do also hope that you will consider a future stay with us. We would love to have you return.
This hotel is good, the rooms are clean and overall it's satisfactory. Some of members of the staff are really helpful, others not so much, I've been here several times and this last stay didn't have the best service, nothing wrong with it, just didn't go the extra mile! But the very best is the location, it's close to everything and that gives you many choices for restaurants and shopping.
The JW Marriott was very nice and convenient to shopping at Lenox mall. We had a nice stay here. Lots of parking and convenient to restaurants in downtown Buckhead. Just be aware that you will need coins on some of the toll road exits in this area of Atlanta. Otherwise, very convenient. The staff here was just great.
It was a great experience staying at the JW Marriott Buckhead for our first time. Although we stayed for one night to do some shopping but I must say it was still an enjoyable time. I wished we were able to stay a few more days. The staff of JWMB will see to it that youre completely cared for and then some. Every single employee, from valet to those in passing heading to/from the elevator, was extremely professional and personable. Overall the hotel is extremely lovely with wonderful services and amenities (we love that checkout is at noon)! The employees exemplify outstanding teamwork and are tremendously professional. I highly recommend you book with JW Marriott Buckhead whether for personal, business or a future group event. Youll be taken care of and enjoy your time there!Dear CND09,Thank you for posting such kind comments about our hotel, especially about our staff. We make every effort to provide service that is above and beyond your expectations, so we are pleased to see that you loved your stay. We look forward to sharing your comments with our team. Thanks again for choosing the JW Marriott Atlanta Buckhead, and we hope to welcome you again soon.Eb MbyeDirector of Operations
Arrived after a long trip. Got to the hotel after 11pm and discovered that even though I had a guaranteed reservation, there was no room waiting for me because they had overbooked the hotel. They walked me to a Fairfield hotel about 8 miles away (great staff but a tad nasty and very worn hotel). I wasn't the only one walked. At least four or five other people had the same experience I did at the same time (and according to the Fairfield clerk--a lot of people have this happen). Maybe this was a lucky break. When I took the Fairfield van back to the Marriott in the early morning for a meeting I had there I discovered, according to one guest, that he had experiencced strange bugs (bedbugs) in his room that night.....so perhaps a golden lining.
We couldn't book our usual Ritz, so went here instead. Glad it was discounted, as the rooms are tired and awkward, can't really see TV from the bed, nowhere to put clothes, the inroom refrigerator clanked and clattered all night. That said, the location cannot be beat and the staff is WONDERFUL. Beds are comfy and room is roomy. The staff makes the place, so this will be my 2nd choice when in the area.
We love this place every single time we visit! It is always extremely clean and the staff is so friendly! We love hanging out that the downstairs lounge and walking to Bucket Shop Cafe across the street. Great place!Glad you enjoyed your visit. Thank you for your loyalty!
I stayed at this hotel due to Hurricane Irma(9+ days). I needed to evacuate due to work and the whole team at JW Marriott Buckhead was great. We were not the typically execs that would stay, we were under 30 with kids, but the staff never treated us different and had most respect for us. Just the team treating us with the respect no matter who we were or what we wore was the most uplifting feeling ever. Yolanda at the hotel bar/restaurant was so professional and accommodating. Please make sure she knows her efforts were noted and so very appreciated. Every morning we have breakfast as the Nox lounge, with the same server, I should know his name but i do not. What a fantastic gentleman. He knew the coffee, tea and double kids breakfast cereal. I would never think twice of staying here.Natalie V from Florida - thank you for your nice post. I am so very sorry that you had to evacuate for Irma and trust that you have been able to return to your home with your family. We are always here for you and enjoy taking care of our guests no matter if they are business travelers or families. Taking care of our guests is what we do best. I will be share to share your nice compliments with Yolanda. Thanks for sharing.
Good location in the heart of Buckhead. No real views from the rooms. Mine looked at the parking garage. Beds were comfortable and the staff friendly. I ordered breakfast from the hang tag menu. Got a call in the am that they didn't have the cereal I wanted. I just had them deliver me coffee and a banana. Of course I got a pot of coffee with no cream or sugar. And they ended up charging me for it. A call to request the charge be removed took care of the issue, which was very helpful.
I just recently stayed at the JW Marriott and it was wonderful. I knew about the construction going on and it really wasn't a bother. It did limit the time I spent in the hotel at meal time, but there were many options within walking distance. Our room was exceptionally clean and check in went smoothly. The chocolate chip cookies and lemon water are a nice treat on a hot and humid afternoon!I'd stay again!
Just steps away from shopping, restaurants and nightlife, this JW Marriott is a winner. We were here for a meeting and had a very nice room - a little dated, but still very nice. The meeting rooms and technical aspects were fine and the food served to meeting attendees was delicious. The parking deck was hard to access from Lenox Road but that was only a minor detail.Thank you for your visit. Glad you had an opportunity to stay with us for your meeting and found the hotel so very convenient and enjoyed your food service. I'll be certain to share this with our Banquet Chef. So you are aware, our ballroom and 2nd floor meeting space is scheduled for a renovation in July for which we are very excited. Look forward to seeing you soon.
My husband stays here so regularly the hotel is practically his second home but it was great for me to come and experience it too. We have Executive club access so that always makes a stay very enjoyable and the staff in the lounge were particularly helpful. The hotel has recently been refurbished and while still very Marriott in style is has more personal touchs that I have seen in other properties. Big plus points are the location, loads of great restaurants in easy walking distance, wonderful friendly helpful staff at all levels and a new thing was the little market shop by reception which was fantastic, not only the sweets etc that you would expect but drawers of everything from new shirts and ties to aspirin etc plus although pricey not unreasonable - my 4 headache pills were 3 but a necessity at the time. The only reason I am not giving the hotel and excellent is the very long wait for room service on Sunday night, Our pizza took forever to arrive and we had 2 or 3 phone calls to see if it was there or not which didn't inspire confidence that it was ever coming!
The wife and I, along with 2 other couples stayed at the JW Marriott this past week on the Wine Down Weekend Package. The stay was outstanding. From valet, check-in, porter, restaurant staff, to the concierge the staff could not have been friendlier or more willing to go out of their way to be helpful. Except for the fact that the rooms do not have a refrigerator they were very perfect, with the most comfortable bedding we ever had in a hotel.All in all an excellent stay that would have been perfect if they could just get the billing issues straighten out.
The number one advantage of this hotel is the location. The fact that you can take MARTA from the airport, walk out of the Lenox station and be at the hotel is amazing. I used the convenient car service to get around the Buckhead area to where I was working. My favorite restaurant, Houston's, is conveniently across the street. It's also connected to Lenox Square, so it's perfect for finding the perfect gift for family at home. The staff was very friendly. When I arrived, they acknowledged by Gold status and upgraded me to a larger room on the Concierge level. The breakfast in the Concierge lounge was excellent, as was the service by the staff. The room was tastefully decorated, but a little bit too traditional for my taste. The bathroom was nice, but needs an upgrade. The bed was awesome, clean, and very comfortable.If I can get the same rate at this hotel again, I will definitely stay here again.
Nice enough hotel - not my favorite. My big complaint is the shower. I had close to no water pressure, and it took forever to rinse my hair. Other than that, it was a nice enough property, and all of the service was very friendly. Room service was good, and we enjoyed the small restaurant/ lounge in the lobby as well.Thank you for your visit and for taking the time to post your review. While I do have our engineering team checking water pressure in various rooms to ensure all showers are working as they should, if you would like to reach out to us directly to let us know which room you specifically stayed in it would be helpful so that we can drill down on it specifically. We are happy that overall you enjoyed your stay and hope to see you again. Thanks for letting us know.
My husband and I stayed here on a staycation. The hotel is new, clean, and trendy. It is located in Buckhead, and is conveniently attached to Lenox Mall. There are some great food options and a nearby movie theatre in Phipps Mall. And there is generally great shopping in the area. We ended up going out one night and then ordering room service the next night. I would highly recommend if you want to spend a day holed up. The beds were very comfortable.
Stayed here on business and staff went out of their way to be service oriented. Room was in nice shape and staff took pride in serving guests. Made use of car rental facility in the hotel which was far more convenient than renting at the airport. Will certainly be back when I am in the area. Thank you for your post. I am delighted you found the hotel comfortable and to learn that you found our staff to be service oriented. I hope that we exceeded your expectations. The rental car kiosk located in the hotel is indeed a nice convenience and I am happy you were able to utilize this to service. Hope to see you again soon.
We stayed for one night at the JW Marriott and it was great. The staff at the reception desk were very friendly and helpful. Valet was great. Our room was spacious, very clean and quiet. We loved the bathroom. Spacious, clean and the shower was great. I want that bathroom in our apartment :-)The bed was wonderful, big and comfortable. We had a good night sleep.Dinner and breakfast in the Nox Creek Southern Grill was wonderful!If we'll come back to Buckhead, we will, without a doubt, come back to the JW Marriott!
I stayed in this hotel for work the week of December 17th. The location is attached to Lennox Square mall so it was very convenient to get some last minute Christmas shopping in without having the hassle of driving to/from malls. The hotel is located across the street from Lennox MARTA station and couldn't be easier to get to from the Airport, however it's pretty much a car-kinda-town so unless you plan to be in one location . .I'd drive. The hotel itself was nice with good public rooms and the rooms themself were standard Marriott / Renaissance style. The bedding and bathrooms were good also -- always nice to have a freestanding shower in the bathroom. The only peeve I have really is to be charged for internet connection. In this day -- especially with lower category Marriott brands like Courtyard / Fairfield Inn / Residence Inn not only charging lower but offering free internet -- it's bothersome. Nearby and walkable are plenty of restaurants both inside the mall and along the perimeter so there's no want for eating. I didn't try the hotel restaurants as I'm Platinum and usually have breakfast in the lounge. The lounge itself was fine and served a variety of breakfast foods. The nighttime snacks were a bit scant -- but hey, it's free so can't complain on that!Lastly -- there is a Westin directly across the wide parking lot so if you need to stay in Buckhead and want to be walkable to the mall both will do just fine. JW Marriott though is the only of the two actually connected to the mall whereas the Westin is in the outside of the parking lot.
I am a Platinum Marriott Rewards member and stayed here in July 2015 for the fourth of July weekend when I ran the Peachtree Roadrace 10k race. The location and stay were great, however, the hotel hit my credit card for no show charges which was a complete error on the hotel's part. I have contacted the hotel many times and while they promised me they will take care of the problems, to date they have not provided me with a refund for the false charges. It is now 3 months later and the problem remains unresolved. This hotel is poorly managed and needs new management. Although I stay at the JW Marriott brand in many cities, based on my experience, I cannot recommend this hotel and will not stay here again.
Took my 12 year old to JW Marriott Buckhead and a friend for a dream birthday weekend of swimming, shopping and play. Indoor swimming pool is amazing! The gym had lots of high-tech equipment to use. Adjacent to this grand hotel is Lenox Mall which is actually connected !! Room service late night is a must for pre-teens, great menu to choose. All around awesome and will return.
The JW Marriott Atlanta Buckhead is a great hotel in an excellent location. Very convenient to a variety of shopping, dining and entertainment options. The hotel is connected to Lenox Square Mall. The staff is great. From the moment you are greeted at the door, to the front desk staff, bellmen, bartenders, housekeeping all make you feel welcome and are eager to help. One of my favorite hotels in Atlanta. I always enjoy my stay here. The rooms are comfortable, clean and modern. I like the rooms with a view of downtown.
From our arrival the staff have been superb! Very nice accommodations and excellent staff. Great place to celebrate our anniversary. We will be back. Parking was a little expensive but did come with in and out privileges. Very friendly and welcoming. Provide car service within 2 miles.
Stayed at the JW Marriott only one night since I had to travel on a Sunday, I figured I would treat myself on a work trip before heading farther out in the city for the week. I have stayed at the Marriott across the street and honestly the room is just as nice as the JW and parking is half the price. As far as the staff, everyone was friendly and I didn't have any issues. I got a nice King room on the 20th floor. The room smelled perfumey but wasn't overpowering. It was a decent size room and a big bathroom. Room was obviously done in the 90's with the green marble. Overall was a bit dated. There were some hairs on the toilet and in the shower. I find this happens because housekeepers use the same rag to wipe the whole bathroom down so instead of cleaning they just kinda move the germs and hair around. When I went to put my water in the fridge, there was a bottle of half drank juice in there from a previous guest. Also the flat screen tv is probably 8 years old and the screen is so faint you can barely watch it unless all the lights are off. The worst part was there was no hot water in the morning. Since I was about to check out there wasn't much to complain about just a bad start to the morning. The good side is since I am Platinum Elite I have lounge access. The evening dinner was delicious with lobster chowder, chicken and lasagna with assorted fruits and cheeses. Also, cookies and cupcakes for dessert. The breakfast had a good assortment of food as well. Best part of the hotel.Overall, probably wouldn't stay here again for the price unless they went through a remodel of the rooms.Thank you for your post. While I am happy you enjoyed the Executive Lounge, I am very sorry to learn about your housekeeping issues. Please be certain that I have personally followed up with our team regarding your housekeeping comments. We take all feedback very seriously so thank you for letting us know. I do hope you will consider visiting again.
This is a good hotel at the upper end of the business travel market. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. It is very convenient for a major shopping centre which has several high end department store anchors as well as a fair scattering of designer shops.The rooms are nice with all the standard amenities. There was just one thing that was wrong and it is not a fault of this hotel alone. During the night the guests in the next room arrived back in and conducted a very loud conversation. The sound proofing between the rooms was non existent. I am sure this hotel was built during the 70's or the 80's and has since been refurbished, at this stage the sound proofing should have been improved. There are always communicating doors between bedrooms in this type of hotel and I wonder how often these are actually used.
I checked into the JW Buckhead Thursday Jan 27 for 3 nights. I was in a regular room and ended up getting an upgrade to a suite for 20 more. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. The suite was nice and spacious. The hotel overall was nice but could probably use a renovation sometime soon to keep up with all the other new hotels in the area. I went out to dinner and got back to my room at about 11pm. Shortly after I decided to take a shower then go to bed. Bad news! There was no hot water. I let the shower run for about 10 min, still no hot water. I called the front desk and they sent up an engineer. He confirms there is no hot water becuase the boiler was off He said he was going to fix the problem. So about 30 min later I get hot water. It is now after 12am and i really wanted to get some sleep as I had a meeting the next morning early. Before I showered I used the toilet and when I flushed it, the water almost came out of the bowl. It went back down and I flushed it again to see if it repeated. It did. So now I am calling the front desk again. They send up the engineer again who confirms the toilet is messed up and wouldn't be able to be fixed that night. I told him I had had enough of this and was tired of all the disasters happen in this room and expressed that I wanted to change rooms.They put me in another suite. I decide I'm going to shower and deal with management in the morning as it is now after 1 am. I am begining to wonder if I am staying at a JW Marriott or the Holiday Inn The front desk manager that I was dealing with that night made no offer of concessions for all the inconvenience I had endured. The next day I get back to hotel in the evening from my meeting and go to the front desk to speak to the manager about the horrible night I had. The front desk told me that the manager would call me in my room cause they were not available. About 30 min later, I get a knock on my door and it's the shift manager. He hears all that happened to me and I asked him how was Marriott going to make this right as I was about ready to check out and go stay else where.He stepped up and comped my room for the night before, also gave me reward points added to my Marriott Rewards card good for another night stay at a Marriott property. Then he also said to go ahead and order a meal before I check out and he would comp it. I was very satisfied with what he did for me and enjoyed the rest of my stay in my new suite. The managers name was Rick Gary and he saved Marriott from losing a customer. I was just expecting my room comped for the bad night and he went above and beyond to make things better. I will for sure stay at this property again my next time in Buckhead.
This location is attached to the Lenox Square Mall in Buckhead, so easy access to lots of restaurants, shopping, and my downtown clients. It's reasonably priced and has full services--coffee bar, restaurant, room service, and pantry with snacks/beverages just off the front desk.But what earned 5 stars from me was the incredible service. Southern hospitality is one thing these folks raise it by an order of magnitude. A few examples: My colleagues and I had access to the club lounge for breakfast, and arrived half an hour before it was over. The urn of coffee was running out--so the concierge ran downstairs and brought us Starbucks. (They also have a self-serve espresso-based drink machine.) There are also a cadre of very nice gentlemen working the door to help with baggage and transportation. One day I walked in and the gentleman with a luggage cart jokingly offered me a ride--staff with a sense of humor! And the day I left, a staff gentleman in the hall saw me with my bag and was genuinely interested in how my stay was (not the kind of rote mumbling question that desk attendants everywhere have to ask). Net net, I felt like all of the team here really cared about me having a great stay. I'll be back.Dear Mary M,It was a pleasure welcoming you to JW Marriott Atlanta Buckhead. Thank you for mentioning how much you enjoyed our inspired and tailored hospitality. Our attentive and knowledgeable staff work hard to ensure our guest's expectations are exceeded throughout their stay. Thank you for choosing us for your visit to our beautiful city, and we hope to see you again soon.Best Regards,Eb MbyeDirector of Operations
I always enjoy staying at the JW when passing through Atlanta, GA. The bar is a fun place to hang out with friends. The staff do a great job make you feel at home...If you stay on the executive level they have a free breakfast each morning.Melissa, thanks for staying with us and making us your home away from home when visiting Atlanta. I am delighted you find the Nox Creek Lounge an enjoyable place to visit with friends. Thanks for your loyalty and we will see you again soon.
Normally I stay with Hilton properties while on business in Atlanta, but this hotel seemed nice and was located right where the shopping is. The lady who checked us in was very nice as was the valet. The hotel does not however give you what you pay for spend the extra 50.00 and stay at the Hyatt.
My friend was having a birthday celebration in Atlanta and decided to get the Ritz-Carlton as the hotel. The hotel was very nice, clean, and spacious but I wanted to express how wonderful the valet was. I lost my wallet :( and thought I left...MoreThank you Inella for your positive comments and most important glad to hear that we were able to assist locating your wallet.
3:32 am a loud voice announced Attention: evacuate your room. Do not use the elevator but use the steps. There is an emergency on the 4th floor An hour later I sit in my room, and hear nothing else so I suppose it is another...More
They really know how to take care of guests at the Ritz. Also partake of the Club Room which offers full breakfast, soup and sandwiches for lunch and heavy appetizers in the evening until 8pm, then they bring in the sweets before bed up to...More
My wife surprised me with a night at the Ritz for my birthday AND as our first time just the 2 of us since the birth of our 15 month old. They have a great package deal that only adds a little bit more cost...More
I am a business traveller and spend 200+ nights per year in hotels across all continents. I based my reviews on my experience with all major hotel chains and selected boutique hotels. I am not affiliated as a shareholder, supplier, or otherwise with any of...More
This hotel did not live up to it's name. Dark lobby, not inviting. No water or coffee. Front desk gave us a suggestion for lunch that was several blocks away but it was closed when we got there. Rooms no better than an average hotel-no...MoreDear Cynthia, I am very sorry that we did not meet your expectations. I have sent you a private message with my contact information hopeful that we can have some more follow up dialogue. I would like to share though that we offer complimentary bottled...More
You know the rooms, beds, linens, etc. are all top of the line. But the staff was so special it wouldn't have mattered. Great stay, great service and the added bonus of the club level made our trip just lovely. And we could walk to...More
Room was nice. Room service wonderful. Bar tenders friendly in both bars. Urban feel verses Buckhead location. Too bad valet left us with a let down at check in. This man in a grey suit practically took the keys out of our hand and was...More
We have come here the last 2 years the day after Christmas. The Ritz has a wonderful Bed and Breakfast pkg, along with stadium dollars to the dome. We went to the Falcons vs Panthers game. That game is always the Sun after Christmas. It...More
Love this hotel for its very personable service! Room is nice- not expansive, but enough so you don't feel too cozy. Atlanta Grill has excellent cuisine, superb service, and a fantastic breakfast buffet. I'm not crazy about Belgian waffles, but Chef Harold's are to die...More
My husband and I recently spent a night at the Ritz-Carlton Atlanta while in town. We've stayed in many properties in ATL and this was our first time staying at the RC. From the second we pulled up to valet, until the time we left...More
Although they've tried to keep it spruced up, there's no disguising the outdated building (low ceilings, little standard boxy hotel rooms), and there's no avoiding the homeless people on virtually every single block of this neighborhood. I don't know Atlanta well but would never stay...MoreThank you for sharing your concerns. We will begin an extensive guest room renovation project this summer to further enhance the hotel. The downtown community strives to provide a safe and secure environment for all citizens and visitors alike. We work closely with all public...More
I went to the Ritz because it was on my bucket list . I wanted to have the experience a first class hotel with all the extras should provide. My husband and I booked a Club Lounge level room . I liked the appearance of...MoreThank you Janet for sharing your concern. Please accept my sincere apologies for the fact that we did not show more empathy and did not provide thorough follow up after your unfortunate slip in the bathroom. I whole heartedly agree that the entire incident could...More
This is third Ritz Carlton which we have stayed at in about a 2 year period, domestically. I think the standards for the brand domestically are much lower than the standards internationally. This property is not a good value. It's too expensive for what you...MoreThank you very much for posting your review and your feedback. I have sent you a private message with my contact information hopeful that we can have more follow up dialogue regarding your observations. I sincerely apologize that we did not live up to your...More
Although our visit was very brief (we arrived at 10pm, had dinner, slept, and were on our way in the morning), our stay at the Ritz-Carlton was outstanding. A delay at the car rental center meant we had to call and cancel our 9:30 dinner...More
Just wanted to share our trip to the Ritz in Atlanta. My husband and I were celebrating our 1st wedding anniversary and wanted to go somewhere very special. The hotel offered us and everyone else complementary champagne when arriving. We were also treated with 4...More
From attitude sales staff and management to quality of food and service this hotel has no right to put themselves in a 5 star category. As a conference planner I was shocked at the lack of interest they had in our business their arrogance...More
I knew I was going to love this hotel as soon as I was handed a glass of champagne at check in! We were escorted to our luxurious room by the most informative gentleman that filled us in on all the treats in store during...More
Our experience with The Ritz Carlton, Atlanta was superb! The Senior Catering Manager and the Senior Manager of Meetings and Special Events were an incredible team to work with! Their attention to every detail helped create one of the most amazing nights of our lives!...More
The room was a standard business hotel room, similar to a Hyatt Regency, but it had everything that I needed, including desk and huge tv. Loved the Nepresso coffee machine. The Ritz provides the coffee pods, but ask at the front desk for creamers if...More
Perfect location if you are doing business in downtown Atlanta. Walking distance to many other hotels/meeting rooms and restaurants. The hotel staff is incredible. Friendly, prompt, professional. Room is comfortable and clean. Bed very comfortable. Temperature in the room easy to manage. For that first...More
As the title says, there is never a problem when you stay at a Ritz-Carlton property. The staff, the facility, the dining, always topnotch.
This Ritz meets the high standard one comes to expect with this brand attentive, nicely furnished and wanting for nothing. I was greeted and promptly checked in. Taxis were readily available as were accurate directions to my business appointments. Gym was clean and nicely equipped....More
We arrived on Friday night August 12th and checked out on Monday, August the 15th. The hotel was absolutely wonderful. We had stayed here 30 years ago when it was new. I suggest paying the extra 100 a day and be on the Club level....More
My sister and I booked a room at the Ritz-Carlton in July 2016 for October 29, 2016 when we would be in town for a concert. This was going to be a real treat to spend 400 on a hotel room, but it turned into...MoreDear Suzanne, I am terribly sorry for your poor experience and appreciate you sharing your concerns. We have been communicating with your sister in law to make amends for the opportunities. Obviously none of this should have occurred. Sincerely,
Honestly, the hotel itself was very very nice. Fantastic gym, great service and attentive staff. The complimentary overnight shoe shine is my favorite. I really did expect a little better of the rooms though. I was placed in a room with two queen beds (for...MoreDear David, thank you very much for your review and feedback. I certainly appreciate your comments praising our staff, their service commitment and your positive impression of our fitness center. As regards your guest room observations, I am pleased to share with you that we...More
Hotel is refusing to let people know that rooms are being upgraded which means that there is non-stop construction noise in the hotel. Theyre charging top dollar and putting you in a room with construction noise going on continuously throughout the day. Ridiculous and unacceptable.MoreDear Ruben O., thank you for sharing your feedback regarding your recent visit with us forgive us for not sharing our re-imagination project with you as our guest rooms are receiving a brand-new look feel it is always our intention to be transparent and...More
Ok, so the Ritz is supposed to be Great , right. Not so here. I attended a networking conference in Atlanta and was quite surprised to find the rooms very expensive and outdated. First of all the building is old, not in a historical way,...More
We stayed at the Ritz-Carlton Peachtree Street and all we heard was My pleasure and It will be my pleasure! and everywhere you looked, fresh flowers. The staff, from valet to concierge, treats the guests like ROYALTY! We did stay in a premier room, which...More
I have stayed at The Ritz-Carlton a couple of times now and will be coming back, I'm sure! Always pleasant front desk service. The rooms have always been so welcoming and comfortable, especially nice after a long trip in.
I visited the Ritz in Atlanta during one of my scheduled business trips. I always, wherever possible stay at Ritz properties where they are available. I recommend using the Amex FHR program as it is a tremendous value... The hotel was beautiful, server was excellent...More
We stay here as often as we can when we go to Atlanta. It is a little pricey, but well worth it for the service and and the location. The rooms are always nice and beds are super comfortable. The hotel staff will tend to...More
We stayed at the Ritz Peachtree in Atlanta Ga on Labor Day weekend for a wedding. We had a few issues but the response was excellent. The Manager David was focused on a resolution and ensured all was made right. He even called the next...More
The people who work at the Ritz Carlton in downtown are what saves the hotel. If you have ever stayed at a Ritz Carlton, you expect more than what this location gives as far as amenities. The bar is very small and is located just...More
I have not stayed in this Ritz Carlton. This is a review of its Lounge. Staff is excellent and friendly. Just what you would expect. The Lounge is quiet and off of the lobby which is a flight down from street level. It has comfortable...More
Being a Carolina Panther football fan we went to Atlanta in Dec.'14. The hotel booked never got their end of our reservation and were sold out. Happily the Ritz had room and we were able to stay there for the same price. Hotels.com who made...More
The staff at this hotel was top notch. But the facilities were not up to RC standards. Rooms were dated, but very clean. The health club locker room didn't have a working a/c and in late July that can be uncomfortable.
I can't say enough about the staff. They are so willing to go out of there way for each guest. I was there during final four weekend (although not there for event). They made a hectic situation manageable and enjoyable. On a side note for...More
The hotel was clean and the staff was very friendly. The bath products were nice. Glass of champagne offered on arrival. The location was perfect. I missed the breakfast however had dinner at the Atlanta Grille located in the hotel. Great experience!
My husband and I got a break from the kids (Thanks MOM!) and decided to spend a romantic night at the Ritz. Well, it did not disappoint!! The hotel is beautiful! The service we received from Valet to In-room dining was impeccable!! The bed was...More
I'm surprised to have to share that this Ritz was average at best. The staff was friendly the bell staff very attentive. The room was on the 25th floor was average at best. I've never stayed in a ritz that we were disappointed...More
Jelly beans. Pineapple water. Sculpture. Wood . Crystal. Old fashion feel .Not your typical luxury ritz. Friendly staff, professional and accomadating. Lovely ballrooms , nice lobby bar. Lovely entrance. Valet staff could use improvement. Stayed 1 night . Then switched to the Omni. Odd smell...More
As is customary with the Ritz, the service was outstanding. The location downtown is great so walking to events is possible. The beds were comfortable and very quiet. I was there for a business meeting and the ballroom was beautiful and well arranged by the...More
A great hotel, with staff who were attentive and genuinely helpful. Stayed 4 nights for work and found everything I needed. More TV channels than I could work my way through, a decent sized desk. Only gripe was the expensive WiFi, which I expect to...More
This hotel is elegant and sophisticated, as with nearly all Ritz Carltons. The only downside is that it is in downtown Atlanta. If you have to stay downtown, you can't do better.
Requested Club level three months ago using the Amex special. Did not get. Wireless internet is non existent, paid 10 tonight to connect, extremely slow. Called front desk, transferred me to India. INDIA!! When I confirmed with the Indian that it was indeed slow, I...More
A true 5 star experience !!! We stayed at Ritz for the weekend while attending a wedding which was also at Ritz. We were very pleased with out stay. Customer service was great. From Valet to front desk to bellman, every one was very friendly...More
I was travelling with a co-worker (for work) and we were in Atlanta for 2 nights. The company got a great corporate rate that pretty much meant we had to stay here. It is a Ritz and very nice, as you would expect. The bar/lobby...More
Unfortunately, this hotel is not up to the standards of the Ritz chain. Front desk customer service was lacking, hotel is in need of an update, food service is iffy. Room was clean, though, and valet guys were great.MoreThank you for taking the time to post your review. I apologize that your visit did not meet your nor our expectations as we take great pride in our customer service. As regards the hotel's facilities, there is an extensive two year renovation plan in...More
Always love staying here everytime i come through ATL. Service is amazing. Reaches every Ritz Carlton standard. Rooms are always great and amazing. Only hotel I stay at !!!!!!!!! Bellman is awesome and Check in was easy.. will be back
So it's the Ritz and its wonderful. Now I wont say its as wonderful as the St. Reggis in San Fransisco but it pretty darn nice. My only complaint is the cellular signal for ATT. There is no service in the conference area but there...More
My family spent three nights at the Ritz-Carlton Atlanta for the Big South volleyball tournament March 29-April 1. Like other Ritz's we've visited, this one is first class. Can't say enough about Micah and his staff in the Club Lounge. We are Marriott Gold members,...More
You expect a great room, a great club lounge food and special amenities when you stay at a Ritz. At this one, you get all that and more - the service from all of the staff is really top notch. From the valet parking attendants...More
It was a very nice hotel and very friendly staff but I didn't think it was a 5 star hotel. Could've received the same experience at any other 4 star for half the price. Very clean rooms only complaint is the price.
Picked the Ritz for an upscale experience. The thing lacking was the room service. Just could not get items refreshed. I'm surprised we had to keep asking. Especially for the price we paid. Otherwise, stay was good. Pretty average experience for a the Ritz. Definitely...MoreThank you for your feedback. I certainly would like to apologize for your experience and I will follow up with our Housekeeping Team in regards to keeping guest room supplies/amenities well stocked and replenished.
What a fantastic hotel. It's near a ton of great restaurants and Olympic park. They have small finger foods in the lobby during happy hour, a great coffee place, and jelly beans at check in! The room was elegant and large, but still very cozy....More
We spent 4 nights here at the end of a tour of Georgia and SC, we really enjoyed it, the staff were very good especially in the Club Lounge, Micah Dean the supervisor was first class extremely helpful with suggestions for places to see and...More
My husband and I stayed at the Ritz- Atlanta for a quick one-night stay while in Atlanta for a concert. Prior to our arrival I had emailed to request a room on a higher floor (to reduce street noise) and mentioned we were also celebrating...More
I decided to stay at the Ritz Carlton this past weekend. I've always heard the name, which in my mind indicated luxury( which should luxury service, luxury room, location and so forth). I was extremely disappointed about the way the situation was handled in regards...MoreDear Ms. Eulanda, I am very sorry that you are disappointed with your recent visit. It is common industry practice to ensure that the cardholder has the sufficient funds to cover one night room tax and a discretionary amount to cover potential incidental charges....More
I booked a special occasions evening for my husband and I. It was very reasonably priced and we had never stayed at a Ritz. Upon arrival we immediately felt special we were greeted by name at every point. Given champagne at check in. Our rom...More
The lobby of this hotel is so elegant and sexy its a great spot to have a drink before you head out. Our room was spacious with beautiful linens and a super soft bed. Bathroom was a little tight but shower pressure was great. We...MoreFirst and foremost please accept my sincere apologies for the service delays. As a parent myself I can truly empathize with your experience. I have sent you a private message with my contact information hopeful that we can connect. On the flipside thank you very...More
In for New Year's Eve and Day, the quality of this hotel has consistently been A+ plush, for many years. We've been delighted to stay on for an elegant New Year's celebration, where from ballrooms to cosy fireplace lit lounge, you'll find southern hospitality and...More
Spend there 1 night, but this was enough to leave hotel disappointed. Very noisy room, we were sleeping with the noise like you're in the airplane, all night long. The location is good, the restaurant Atlanta Grill is serving great food, but it's extra-slow. So...MoreDear Anna, I sincerely apologize that you did not enjoy a good night's rest. I will look into your wireless internet complaint as we recently upgraded the bandwidth to our hotel and it has been very reliable as of late. Thank you.
The Ritz was a great spot to come back to after a long day of work. I had a room on the Wellness Level which included an air purifier and exercise equipment in the room. I also loved the cucumber water as you came off...More
If you stay at the Ritz Carlton in Atlanta and have an expensive automobile- DO NOT USE VALET PARKING!! On a recent stay, I used the Valet Service to park my Tesla Model X. One of the reasons I selected to stay at the RC...MoreDear jnetsink, thank you for your recent visit to our hotel and for sharing your feedback with us. Our team of ladies and gentlemen and I look forward to being of service to your once again and we appreciate your kind comments regarding our hotel....More
It's hard to say anything unique about a Ritz stay since it's always excellent. Everything is top-of-the-line, but the people make the experience. From valet to bell to front desk to housekeeping to club level, everyone was great. It's tempting to take Southern hospitality for...More
This property is in an excellent and central location in downtown Atlanta and has great service. However, beware the very modern and update lobby, restaurant, and bar area is deceiving as it leaves much to desire from the very outdated (carpet, furniture, lighting, drapery, and...More
We stayed here for the Peachtree Road Race. If you are a runner, you can't beat the location..you are right on the starting line. The hotel is very nice as you would expect from the Ritz, but being in a downtown location, it lacks some...More
I stay in the Ritz on a regular basis because of the central location, the amenities are great, the rooms are comfortable, the views can be hit or miss, last time I stayed my room looked over a parking garage. The restaurant on the premises...More
This was our last stop on our trip to Atlanta, this city is lucky enough to have 2 Ritz Carlton Hotels but we stayed at the downtown location. Though the address is on Peachtree the valet and entrance to the hotel is on Ellis Street....More
My husband and I typically stay in a Ritz whenever possible and this property was great. They were able to accomodate an early check-in (however, we did have to trade the requested King room for two queens). The room was very comfortable and nicely appointed....More
I am a native of Atlanta and have stayed at this hotel several times in the recent past 5 years. I can give them credit for consistently moving in the same direction though - DOWN. I stayed there recently for a weekend with my wife...MoreThank you very much for sharing your concerns. Please accept my sincere apologies for your disappointing experience. I have sent you a private message hoping to connect with you and have a follow up conversation. Kind regards.
My wife and I attended an event here with the room and meals provided. We had a great corner room on the third floor that had an extra window. The room was bright and large with a view of downtown Atlanta streets. The hotel was...More
The Ritz Atlanta Downtown is perfectly located, the rooms are good and the service level is very good. The surrounding area in downtown Atlanta has developed somewhat less fortunate - it does not seem as safe as 2 years ago. Therefore I will pick a...More
The good: typical outstanding staff at front desk. The bellmen valets are in the very good category. The servers in the restaurant were very good as well, seemed to be understaffed, it was a tad slow. The not so: Room service was very slow....More
We stayed on the 22nd floor in a newly remodeled room and it was beautiful! The bed was very comfortable too! The room was new, and very clean, with all amenities. We ordered breakfast and it was perfect, no issues! The staff was helpful in...More
As you would expect, the Ritz Carlton is an outstanding hotel. Everything from the rooms to the restaurant and bar is top notch. But it is the staff that truly makes it a great hotel and one I would stay at any time I went...More
Maybe I was awe struck by the name but I expected quite a bit more. The room was a typical room, similar to a Courtyard by Marriott (no disrepect to Courtyard). I guess to be really be awe struck I would need to book a...MoreThank you for the positive comments about our service we provided and the enjoyable night sleep. We look forward to welcoming you back in the future.
We stayed at the Ritz Carlton May 2014 as a group. The staff and valet were exceptional but the hotel's style was very classical (dated in my opinion) and boring. We were coming off a stay at a Four Seasons that was exceptional so that...More
Great experience from the moment I pulled up to the entrance. Bellman was very courteous and friendly. Checking in was a breeze and unbeknownst to me I was upgraded to a huge sweet on Club Level. I am a Platinum rewards member and this was...More
Stayed in a nice cityview room on the 17th floor. The room itself was average (kind of what I'd expect at a Hyatt/Hilton, etc, but with a nicer bed). But what really sets this place apart is the 5 star service. The staff is so...More
We spent a weekend here and while it was not bad this hotel is not up to the standards one expects with a Ritz Carleton. Apart from the lovely flowers int eh lobby it is more like a standard Marriott. The staff were extremely nice...MoreThank you very much for your review and feedback. I sincerely apologize for the incorrect amenity delivery and the delayed housekeeping service. The physical aspects of the bathroom are being addressed with our upcoming room renovation. Regards,
Stayed here for a business trip and was thoroughly impressed by this place. The service was good and the staff were very friendly. The room was clean and well maintained by housekeeping. The bed was very comfortable. I booked a club level room which made...More
My biggest thing when staying in hotels is customer service. The Ritz Carlton did nothing but make me feel like royalty. My room was beautiful and my wife loved the dcor. The beds were great and we both slept like we were in our own...MoreDear Mike, thank you for posting such a great review and for sharing your wonderful experience at The Ritz-Carlton, Atlanta. We truly appreciate it.
My husband and I decided to start a holiday tradition of staying at a nice hotel in the city on special occasions if we're in town. This Christmas eve we chose the Ritz Carlton downtown Atlanta. The Ritz was very nice and the service was...MoreThank you so much for starting your Holiday traditions with The Ritz-Carlton, Atlanta. We appreciate your great comments and please do keep us in mind for future special occasions.
This hotel not only is a great value but is in a perfect location in Buckhead. Unlike many other hotels in the area, parking and wifi is free. What really made this hotel special was the staff. Tony, Damar, Kim, and Francene were all extremely helpful and are very good at recommending good places to eat. The King bed I had was extremely comfortable and had a nice desk in the room. The morning breakfast actually exceeded my expectations.Thank you so much for your review. We enjoy being able to provide optimal customer service for our guests! We look forward to seeing you again should your travels bring you back to the Buckhead area.
Great are to walk for shopping and food. Price is reason and under 150 which is my work budget. One visit I walk up to a palmetto bug on my sink. I called the desk and they sent security to kill it. This visit the shears on the window were visibly ripped, but still up.Parking is free and easy, and from a sign in the lobby they will be updating soon.Fitness closet room has two treadmills and on elliptical.Dear Andrea G., Thank you for taking the time to share your recent experience at the Fairfield Inn Suites Atlanta Buckhead with us. As the cleanliness of our hotel is one of our key priorities, I am very sorry that your guestroom fell short of your expectations. Please rest assured that your comments have been shared with the housekeeping team in an effort to improve our service. After renovations my team and I would love it if you would come back and visit us again so that we make it up to you. As a valued customer we hope you choose to stay with us whenever your travels bring you back to Atlanta. Sincerely,Damar GrayFront Desk SupervisorFAIRFIELD INN SUITES BUCKHEAD(404) 846-0900
This hotel surprised me. It was quite clean, and it was apparent that it had been renovated more recently than Marriott reported. The staff was very helpful. Very nice, clean indoor pool. Security guards in parking lot over the weekend.Thank you so much for your review, we are very pleased that you enjoyed your stay with us. We received several updates last summer, including paint, carpet, wall vinyl and new desk chairs. We did not perform a full renovation which is why the Marriott site will still show our last renovation in 2006. We encourage everyone to come and be suprised by the Fairfield Inn Suites Atlanta Buckhead, you'll be glad you did!
PRO: Decent location, although you'll have to drive/taxi to most things in Buckhead. Hotel is clean, quiet, and no valet parking to deal with. The continental breakfast had a decent selection, and the young man working there was helpful and pleasant.CON: Front desk personnel were not rude, but not friendly. Room did not stay cool, even with controls turned to cooler and low cool. The reason I'll never return was the midnight phone call from the front desk asking why we had called them. ( We'd retired at 10PM!) No apology, just a defensive statement. Obviously, the front desk staff missed the memo on how to talk with guests, and if they make a mistake--apologize. It's a clean, fairly basic hotel--but we'll stay elsewhere next time. I'd rather pay a little more and feel like my business is appreciated.With new management, new staff and new A/C I would ask give us another try. Please contact me direct and I will insure your stay is a pleasent one.Randall GannGeneral Manager404-846-0900
Fine location, next door to Corner Bakery, one mile to Lenox Mall, which was an easy walk. Rooms quite small, but comfortable. Standard free breakfast. Weekend stay, very quiet. Two caveats: No micro in room. No safe in room. Courteous staff.Thank you for reviewing our hotel! Our close proximity to the premiere shopping and dining venues in Buckhead make us a favorite of travelers visiting the Atlanta area. We try our best to make sure that our guests are comfortable and that our guest rooms are clean, comfortable and offer all of the conveniences of home. We will have microwaves in all of our guest rooms when our full renovation is complete. Until then, to ensure that our guests have everything they need, we have a microwave available 24 hours in our cozy breakfast room. Thank you for staying with us! I hope that you will visit us again when you come back to Buckhead!
My husband and I and our infant and child stayed here to break up a trip while driving home to Florida from Missouri.Room:Cleanliness- the room was overall clean and felt fresh.The bathroom was clean but I noticed a small human body hair on the neatly folded washcloths. I prayed it was a beard hair. The tub seemed a little worn and I didn't want to bathe my infant in it. The shower was extra hot and enjoyable. The beds are by far the best I've slept in. If you've ever enjoyed a Marriott bed you know what I'm talking about!There were ample pillows and the linens were nice. I'm not certain on the detergent used but it made my son and I break out on our faces.I felt the bathrooms could be updated. I stayed at a Marriott in Winnipeg and loved the design. These bathrooms felt cheap. The vinyl feeling walls were cracked and chipped and bubbled and the paint was off. I felt they only provided bare minimum toiletries. Parking was easy for us, which was a plus.The staff was very very kind! I felt welcomed.The breakfast was really good and left me wanting hot oatmeal with all the toppings each morning after I left! Delicious spread! I would recommend some sort of iced tea or cold offering other than juice.Other than the sub par bathroom, I liked this Fairfield. The woman who checked us out was a Denver Broncos fan like us and was SO friendly. I wanted to have coffee with her she was so kind!Dear Kaylee, Thank you for sharing your experience at the Fairfield Inn Suites Atlanta Buckhead through TripAdvisor.With a mission to provide superior customer service, we take great pride in serving your needs and are delighted to hear that we have met your expectations. As a valued customer, your feedback will be shared with the team to continue to inspire and motivate them to deliver exceptional customer service. I will also get in contact with housekeeping and make sure that stay on top of what you have experiences so it will not happen in your future stay. We would love for you come back out and choose us as your lodging needs especially after renovations in January and here your feed back again. Once again thank you for staying at the Fairfield Inn Suites Atlanta Buckhead and we hope you choose to stay with us again whenever your travel needs bring you back to Atlanta. Sincerely,Damar GrayFront Desk SupervisorFAIRFIELD INN SUITES BUCKHEAD(404)846-0900
It was clean and the staff were friendly. It was the cheapest Marriott brand in the surrounding Atlanta area but as such it as not the most convenient to getting on and off I-75. That being said it was ok and we'd stay here again. The included breakfast is always a perk.I am sorry to hear that we did not exceed your expectations. We are centrally located in the Buckhead area making dining and shopping extremely accessible, however, we are a few miles from the highway. Again, please accept our apologies and we hope to see you in your future travels.
The best part about staying in the hotel is that you are made to feel welcomed by the staff. From the reservation experience to checking in, to asking random questions, the staff made me feel immediately like I was part of the family . The hotel has the basic amenities of Fairfield Marriott. However, I would choose to come here and recommend others come here because of the quality of service given!
My family and I stayed at the Fairfield Inn in Buckhead for three nights. Our stay was great! Check in was easy and the clerk was very friendly and helpful. We were upgraded to a suite which worked out well since we have twin 1 year olds and the extra space made our stay much more comfortable. Our room was very clean and parking and internet were both free. There was also a free breakfast in the morning which had a make-your-own-waffle station, eggs, bacon, fresh cut fruit and surprisingly good coffee. The girls who worked the breakfast were always happy and smiling and did a good job keeping everything full. Both mornings we went downstairs for breakfast, the manager was there walking around talking to people and she even brought little toys to our table for the twins! We didn't get a chance to use the pool, but it looked clean and well maintained. The hotel overall was quiet and clean. The bed was wonderful and slept like a dream. But the best part of this stay was by far the staff. They were all so kind and always smiling and eager to help and never seemed too busy to take the time to answer our questions. This Fairfield was definitely a winner! We will definitely stay again.Thank you Tabitha for taking the time to review our property. It is our goal to make sure that we do everything we can to make our guests comfortable. I am so glad that you and your family enjoyed your upgraded room, our complimentary hot breakfast and our welcoming staff. I hope that the next time you find yourself in the Buckhead area, you will come and visit us again! Thank you again for recommending us!
This hotel had free parking and was in a perfect location! Any time I called the hotel and even when i got checked in Byron was super friendly.He was always very curtious and knew what he was talking about which is needed in the hotel business. He made our two night stay stay enjoyable!Only downfall is no hot tub like the website says!Thank you so much for your review of our property, we appreciate that you took the time to share your experience.Byron has been a great addition to our staff and is completely focused on the customer and works to make every guest feell special. The free parking and location are really a great amenity for the Buckhead area.I apologize about the hot tub. We removed the hot tub last July and have removed that amenity from most websites - - I will continue to look at sites and attempt to make the necessary corrections.
Ok, I can't vouch for a great nights sleep. I live in the Middle East and had just flown in from France, and slept out of sheer desperation for sleep, but jet lag reared it's ugly head about 5AM. I must say that it was an amazingly comfortable bed. My check in experience was wonderful, and check out was just as easy. The room was clean and comfortable. This was my second stay at this property and I would stay here again without hesitation.Next time you stay with us please ask for me, I would love to hear about the Middle East and the experiences you have to share if you dont mind. I will also share your comments with the front desk staff, in my opinion they are the best.. thank you for choosing us when you returned to the US
I made a reservation at this hotel through the Marriott 800 number using reward points. The reservation was for three people and I later noticed we were given one bed. I called back several times finally speaking to a supervisor (Steven - a woman) who was no help and then hung up on me. I spent several hours on this issue being transferred multiple times to go back to the same queue with non one willing to give me any identifier number (such as an employee number so I could document). One of the worst customer services experiences I have ever had.To be fair, we did not stay at this hotel and cancelled the reservation. It was the Marriott reservations group that earned this one star - the only one star I have ever left on TripAdviosr. I didn't even know it was legal to give three people one bed.I'm so sorry to hear of the confusion and resulting frustration caused by the reservations error. Our Central Reservations team is generally top notch and it is obvious that they dropped the ball in your case.I'm sorry you did not get a chance to experience the hotel, but we certainly hope you may have the opportunity to stay with us in the future.
Located in an up coming section of Buckhead, this somewhat older hotel sandwiched into a compact space shows some wear and tear, but proves to be a great find with exceptional front desk staff, helpful security, efficient and friendly breakfast and housekeeping staff, and an ultimately convenient location. Apparently quite popular with the business travelers, the hotel can get very busy and parking is a challenge during the week, but they seem to handle the volume and guest needs pretty well. They have a reliable shuttle service, great breakfast spread, and the place is consistently clean and welcoming. The room showed some signs of wear and had a damp feeling, but was outfitted nicely. I'd definitely stay there again for the price and convenience.We are delighted that you enjoyed your stay. We are also happy to announce that we will be undergoing renovation soon and updating the hotel. Thank you for taking the time to right this review! We look forward to seeing you again the next time your travels bring you to the Buckhead area.
I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. Great location, quiet, very helpful staff, clean...The breakfast is wonderful...make your own waffles, cereals, muffins, fruit, etc. A great way to start the day. Very basic hotel but when you are just using it as a homebase, you don't need much more. Beds were comfy, bathroom was clean, everything was really great. I can't go on enough about how much this place surprised me and what a great price when you consider the location and convenience to everything. I would absolutely stay here again.
First impression was not good,a temporary entrance what looked like a bedroom being used as a reception and as you looked up the hallway you could see electrical cables crossing the hallway and thick card taped to one side going down to the elevators.We could see as we walked to the elevators workmen in what would be the reception area.The elevator that arrived(there were two) was cloaked inside with blue quilted fabric over what looked like thick card,which also covered the floor,we later realised the workmen used this lift so there must be renovations going on on the 2nd floor.The bedroom and shower room looked as if they had been renovated no scuff marks anywhere and the tiling in the shower room looked brand new.The bed was very comfortable and the room was a good size.Breakfast was collect your food in the one temporary room and take to another temporary room across the hall,with all of four tables.If both toasters were in use and someone used the microwave then the electric would trip.It was a standard,perfectly ok selection including bananas and patties in buns to microwave.There are no safes in the rooms so as advised by the notice posted on the door we asked at reception for a safety deposit box,sorry but the key is broken but if you wish you can put your valuables in with the hotels money,unbelievable!The swimming pool was off limits as the workmen were using that space.Having said all this the room was nice the bed was very comfortable and the staff were very pleasant,and Rickiea was extremely helpful in finding a resolution.I imagine once all the work is completed it will look good,but I would check beforehand.Why did we stay you may wonder,weel we had been travelling in all 16 hrs and we didn't want to go looking for another hotel and we only were staying for three nights.
It s bad hotel with terrible and dishonest management. Expect to be without room if you arrive late. For them it does not matter that you have reservation, they just simply give away your room. Even though the Marriott policy requires hotels to provide compensation in case of overbooking, do not expect to be compensated for your trouble from this hotel management directly.Better find another hotel to stay.Dear Ms. Dina,Thank you for taking the time to tell us about your experience with us, unfortunately we have fallen short of your satisfaction. I want to personally apologize for not having a room for you. When ever the hotel over sells we always set up other accomodations for the guest we have to walk to another hotel, we pay for their room and parking and if needed we will pay for their transportation as well. This is not something that happens a lot and we try to catch the guest before they arrive, unfortunately there wasn't a phone number nor an email address on your reservation. If you ever decide to come back to Buckhead area, I hope you will give us a second chance to make it right.
Enjoyed the stay at the Fairfield Inn. As you are arriving it feels a bit off the beaten path, but it really isn't. Polite and professional staff, clean, updated hotel with a decent exercise room and indoor pool, along with a hot breakfast bar. I would stay again.
Don't stay here unless you are desperate. The place smells like a smoking barn. The bathroom was not clean. There is no wi-fi as advertised. It was very noisy. It was unfortunate because it is located close to places we were visiting in Augusta which was very convenient, but I would never stay here again.
That is a great comfortable hotel. Friendly and helpful. The breakfast area included has plenty of choices from waffles to eggs and sausage. Too bad the eggs, sausage and home fries were only lukewarm. But I would definitely stay here again.
Enjoyed my stay there! Always a pleasure staying at a Best Western Motel! Always up to date properties! Great breakfast! Great nights sleep on comfortable bed in a nice clean room! Easy access off and onto the Interstate highway! Great choice of eateries nearby!
We stayed one night as we passed through Georgia on our way to Florida. The hotel staff was pleasant, and the lobby and room was clean and welcoming. We were able to get a good night's rest and continue our trip in the morning.
The eggs were obviously powdered, biscuits were frozen, sausage lacked flavor, other items ok, small cups for juice and milk, had to refill at least 3 times just to satisfy my 3 year old granddaughter. Waffles, cereal, muffins good. Coffee was ok.
I travel to Macon Ga for business a few times a year and will only stay at this hotel. The rooms are very clean and the price can not be beat. The General Mgr Mark seems to treat every guest as if they were family. The free continental breakfast is better than some restaurants I have eaten at. There are... More
This motel is a good value. The room is nicely furnished but quite small. It is easy to find and close to the expressway. The room was clean which is important to me. Unfortunately a family with screaming children was staying down the hall from our room and the shrieking lasted too long! Other than that, it was pretty quiet.
What a little gem this place turned out to be. Stopped here with my after visitng friends in Key West. And are we ever glad that we did. Dollar for Dollar this has to be the best value for your buck that we experienced our whole vaction. The staff were all extremly friendly The manager was more than accomidating... More
I first want to state i have been a long-term extended guest at this hotel. I can't write or express how this hotel was a month or so ago but since I've been here I've noticed they hired a top-notch Johnny On The Spot new management. Saying that the hotel has continually satisfied my stay! All staff is in sync... More
The location is great for an Atlanta Midtown experience. Parking is expensive. 30 a night for parking. Staff was great and fitness center was good for working out. The area was great to enjoy an afternoon runThank you for sharing your stay experience with us. We know parking in any metropolitan city can be expensive. We do offer the lowest price in Midtown. We are glad you were able to enjoy our amenities and city sights.
Clean, new and great location. Right next to the interstate for easy on and off. Close to shopping (Atlantic Station), resturaunts and you can jog to Piedmont Park. I would suggest most Hilton Garden Inns if you don't want any surprises.We are so glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay at our Hilton Garden Inn Atlanta Midtown and appreciate you sharing your review with other travelers. It was a pleasure having you stay with us and we look forward to hosting you in Atlanta again.
Hilton Gold member....road warrior. This is one of the best Hilton properties I've stayed in. The staff was incredibly friendly and courteous. Facilities are immaculate. Room was clean and very comfortable, very relaxing.The restauarnt here is better than most Garden Inns. Last night's custom pasta bar was great, with a wide variwty of fresh add ins, and very moderately priced. The bar area is great. This morning's breakfast buffet was probably the best I've had at any Hilton property. Kudos to the kitchen staff!I know wherr I'm staying next time I'm in town! WELL DONE!We are so pleased, U6615KIdavidc, that you had such a spectacular visit with us. We do work hard to offer incredibly friendly service and immaculate facilities. We truly strive to offer superior food and bar experiences, as we know that many people count on them during their stay. I will most definitely pass along your kudos to our kitchen team. Thank you again for taking the time to complete the survey. Safe travels, Road Warrior, and we hope to see you again soon.
The good -- the hotel was nice, relatively new and had an indoor drop off lane, so getting in during inclement weather would be easy. The room was normal sized for this type of hotel, but typical HGI spartan, no in room safe, just basic furnishing. The ceilings were high, which gave the room a roomier feel for the size. The bad - we had a power outage for a few hours during the night, the whole neighborhood, not HGI's fault, but there are no emergency lights in the room, so if you didn't have phone or flashlight nearby, it was very dark (room darkening shades work well). The front door of the hotel is locked 24/7, making me wonder about the neighborhood. Our keys were either improperly programmed or were deprogrammed somehow and it took 2 trips to get them reprogrammed, the first one didn't work, and of course it happened when friends were waiting for us. The housekeeping staff tried to barge in our room at 8 a.m., check out was at noon and after getting up for an hour for the power outage, we were trying to sleep in. Then they went to the next room and banged the vacuum against the wall and adjoining room door waking us again. When I brought these issues with the desk on checkout, I was offered a bottle of water for my trouble, a less than satisfactory response. If the customer service was a bit better, it might have increased the rating.Hi Tom. Thank you very much for your feedback. While we're very glad to hear there were some aspects of your stay that went well, we deeply apologize for the other instances you mentioned. We're especially sorry to hear that you left with a less than satisfactory response from our front desk. We strive to ensure all of our guests leave happy and satisfied with their stay and we apologize that you did not. We have reviewed this with our team and can assure you this is not typical of our property. We hope you'll give us another opportunity to showcase our property next time you find yourself in Atlanta. Thank you again for bringing these items to our attention.
I found my stay at the Garden Inn Hilton Midtown Atlanta GA quite pleasant. The staff was very professional, very pleasant and willing to assist and/or accommodate. The room/suite was spacious with the exception of the bathroom.I am sorry that you only were able to experience the hotel for a short trip, but we are thankful that you were able to enjoy it and we appreciate that you shared your feelings online with your review. Thank you so much Z1216QAelainem, we truly appreciate you. Safe travels, and we hope to see you again soon.
Hotel is very well-located and convenient to virtually everything. There is a Publix supermarket right around the corner and almost everywhere we went was around a 10-12 Uber ride. Staff was extremely welcoming from check-in to checkout. Recommend highly and looking forward to staying here again.
Free parking but expensive REQUIRED valet. Additional fees and taxes than you will be told over the phone. In room whirlpools are surrounded by carpet which will absorb water like a sponge and you will need to walk on wet carpet all night. Customer service is extremely inconsistent even to HHonors members with equal status.Hello Brian. Thank you for recently staying with us. We would like to apologize if you were not made aware that the hotel offers valet parking for a fee. While this information is posted on our website, we do strive to ensure all guests are made aware prior to booking their reservation. We have reviewed this policy with out reservation agents to ensure this does not happen again in the future. Once again, we apologize that this caught you by surprise as that was not our intention. Thank you and we hope you will give our hotel another opportunity on a future stay in Atlanta to provide you with a better second experience. Thank you.
We stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn on our way home from Hilton Head...the rooms were clean, the staff was AMAZING and we couldn't get the kids out of the pool! Excellent from start to finish...highly recommend. Also, go to the Georgia Aquarium if you stop there!Thank you for making us apart of your vacation. I'm pleased you were able to enjoy our exciting city.
Was impressed by their friendly, attentive service as a Hilton Honors Diamond member. Room was very clean and cozy. King size bed was super comfortable. Spacious bathroom with nice amenities. Fantastic high speed WIFI. Loved the quick proximity to MARTA and the Margaret Mitchell House. Lots of great restaurants close by too. If outside noises bother you, bring some ear plugs or a noise machine. You are right on the very busy I-85 interstate, and could hear traffic and sirens easily throughout the night.Thank you so much for staying with us, maconMouse, and for the amazing review. We do work hard to offer attentive service and to keep the hotel very clean and cozy. For your future reference, if noise is something that keeps you up, you can also ask for pool view room. This is the side of the hotel that is away from the interstate. You have a great view of the Midtown and Buckhead skyline as opposed to the Midtown and Downtown skyline, so that must be kept in mind as well. Thanks again, and we hope to see you again soon.
This was a Great property! Convience to the event I was attending, walking distance, restaurant and a publix gro store across the street.Best shower, very soft water. The staff were very helpful anything that you needed they made sure you got it. This property far exceededy expectations.Thank you for stay with us. I'm pleased you felt our Hilton Hospitality.
We stayed there because of the location near the High Museum of Arts and because we like to stay in Hulton Honors properties to get our points. The rooms are nice, well appointed, good bedding, great shower and nice bath products. The lady at the reception was super nice and helpful as was the waitress that helped me get a breakfast to bring back to the room. The lobby is very nice in a modern way. Everything was very clean.I have two complaints: The bar had nice wine and drinks but nothing bubbly, however the bartender was also super nice so I settled for Murphy Goode Sauvignon Blanc and I was happy. My second complaint is that the walls are a bit thin therefore you hear a little too much of what is going on in the halls and as I was falling asleep someone in adjoining bathroom dropped something and whatever it was, it made such a loud noise it jarred me awake as I was just falling asleep.All in all though, this is a good value for the price of the room.Thank you so much for your review. We always love to hear that our guests found our rooms to be well-kept and our staff friendly. I do apologize the bar was not able to accommodate your initial beverage request and will look into what we can do to add some more bubbly items! We also apologize for the noise you experienced during your stay. Thank you again for leaving your review and we hope to see you again soon.
Convenient location off the interstate. I was in town for a Braves game----took an Uber to the game.Hotel was clean. It is connected to a Homewood Suites next door. This hotel doesn't have a pool / hot tub, but you can use the Homewood's next door.Thank you so much for your feedback! We are Atlanta's first Hilton Brand Dual Property. This gives our guests extra conveniences and amenities. Our pool and fitness areas are large enough to be shared by Homewood Suites and Hilton Garden Inn. Please come back to see us soon! AJJohnson Director of Operations
Arrived late from the UK. Got checked in nice and quick then straight to the bar for a refreshment. Bar and lobby was lovely, nice and spacious. Our room had everything we needed and was very clean. Staff were extremely helpful and friendly. Would recommend this hotel.Thanks for a great stay.
Definitely need to stay north of the City in Atlanta, GA and this hotel was just 3 blocks from the metro. Staff processed me into my room in a matter of a minute or two. Everything was clean and in very good condition. Refrigerator microwave in the room as well. Area was mostly college students and felt safe even walking around at night.Thank you for recently choosing to stay at our Hilton Garden Inn Atlanta Midtown. We greatly appreciate you taking the time to leave us such a glowing review on Trip Advisor as well. It is our goal to ensure all our guests leave as satisfied as you and we hope you'll join us again next time you're visiting the Atlanta area. Thank you.
I stayed here on a recent work trip. I didn't like the valet-only parking option. It took a long time in the morning to get the car, since there were a lot of people coming at the same time, and nobody was in a rush. C'mon folks, it's time for us to get to work, can't you do more than walk slowly to retrieve our cars for which we're paying 20/day for you to park in the big empty garage upstairs Anyhow, the lobby is beautiful at the hotel. My only gripe is that the restaurant has very few good tables because of the awkward design of the restaurant in the lobby. The bar is very pleasant and quite cool for a Hilton Garden Inn, and the bartender was very friendly. Front desk staff at the hotel were very friendly too. Room was modern, big, and clean. The gym was pretty good, though the TVs on the treadmills didn't get many good channels. Hopefully next time I'll stay here but just ride MARTA instead of suffering the cost of the parking. Overall, though, very sharp design, clean spaces, and friendly staff.
Stayed here last week-end with a group of 7 ladies and was extremely pleased with the room, the staff, and the location. Our junior suite was comfortable, good size, quiet and immaculate. Slept great on the comfortable bed. Front desk staff was very friendly and willing to help with purchasing tickets to the Atlanta Aquarium and Atlanta History Center and even offered discount tickets. Lobby was modern and inviting. We used one of their meeting rooms for 3 days and was very impressed with the view from the 12th floor room. Pitchers of ice water and glasses were delivered every morning with a smile. Will definitely return in the near future!Thank you very much for recently choosing our Hilton Garden Inn Atlanta Midtown. We are glad to hear that you and your group had such a great stay and were able to utilize our 12th-floor meeting space. We just love that view as well. Thank you for leaving your review here on Trip Advisor and we look forward to seeing you all again soon.
The Hilton Garden Inn, Atlanta Midtown's Staff was efficient, knowledgeable and pleasant. The location was within walking distance to many great restaurants, Sites, and Transportation. There is no self parking only valet.I am so thankful that you had an excellent stay, jmnrd. I also wanted to let you know how thankful we are that you took the time to share that experience with the world. It is greatly appreciated. We hope that if you return to the midtown area, you will stay with us again. Safe travels, and we hope to see you again soon.
Had a wonderful stay . Hotel was located near midtown and had easy access. The room was clean and had a good view of the down town area. Valet service worked really well no long wait to receive your car.Terry C, thank you so much for your amazing rating and review. We are so glad that that we could be your hotel of choice for your getaway trip. Please know that we are always here if you need to unwind in a stress free environment with a multitude of things to do nearby and great food on site. We look forward to seeing you again soon.
Rooms were clean and a good size. Plenty of hangers. Good in-room coffee service. Excellent Breakfast Buffet and excellent service by the wait staff. Checking in and out was fast and easy. The desk clerks were knowledgeable and very help-full. I did not like that there was no way to park your own car, But, the valet staff was very help-full.Thank you for recently staying with us. We're glad to hear you enjoyed your visit and experienced such excellent service from our staff. We appreciate you leaving your feedback for other travelers and we hope we will see you again soon.
Just stayed four days at Hilton Garden Midtown Atlanta for a conference. Highly recommend the following staff: Brianna, Ruth, Shanty and Gina. Very attentive and cheerful. Had a great stay because of their care. Thanks ladies, you made our day!Thank you so much for taking the time to complete a review of your stay, conniecG376FC. We will certainly let all of the ladies know how much you appreciated their attentive service and cheer. We are thankful that you chose to stay with us and we hope that we will see you again soon. Safe travels, and thank you again for taking the time to complete the review.
Clean, friendly, if you're nice at the front desk free breakfast(32) value. Swimming indoor/outdoor pools. Close proximity to aquarium, centennial Park, cnn, hardrock cafe etc. Honestly was a good hotel. I did self park instead of valet. My car was fine both nights. Book online or with rewards probdby cheaper. View of pool and skyline from room. Restaurants available outside of hotel. Very clear and concise review, Tricia B. Thank you for taking the time to leave it for others. We do work hard to offer a clean and friendly experience and we are glad that is what you had during your time. The location is fantastic as you mentioned as well. Safe travels, and we hope to see you again soon.
The Hilton Garden Inn is a nice accommodation conveniently located in Midtown Atlanta. Many nice restaurants and attractions are within walking distance. The MARTA station is only 2 blocks away for trips downtown in just minutesThank you for your review, it means everything! Amber J Johnson Director of Operations
I enjoyed my stay at this hotel, particularly because I found the lobby/restaurant area a pleasant atmosphere for getting work done. There was a fire in the fireplace, comfortable seating at which I could sit for a few hours and work on my computer, and the wait staff was very attentive to my needs as I worked. The entire staff was friendly and helpful!
I've stayed here many times. I enjoy visiting as I have an efficient businesslike experience yet am made to feel welcomed and at home. Rooms are clean and comfortable staff is hospitable and sometimes calls me by name. Highly recommend this location.Thank you for your positive comments, J90Ykathleenb. We do work hard to make you feel at home at our hotel, but also treat you as a professional person visiting our home as well. We work hard to be hospitable and we are humbled to have earned your recommendation. We will be here the next time you are in the area, providing Dependable Excellence, as you stated. Safe travels, and we hope to see you again soon.
Comfortable room-clean and neat with everything we needed. Convenient location - hotel is very close to Marta station and a big supermarket Publix. Friendly staff - helpful to recommend places to have dinner and breakfast.Thank you for staying with us in Atlanta Midtown. We look forward to welcoming you back.
This hotel staff understands how to make their guest feel at home. The front desk staff-Juan, Ryan, Jessica and Taqua, along with the valet attendant-Mike, were amazing. The housekeeping staff is also amazing. This was the best customer experience that I have received in years.Thank you so much for staying with us, Q6508QNsandraj, and thank you for such a great review of your stay. We are so happy that you enjoyed the service you received so much. Our team truly takes pride in offering a guest experience that exceeds their expectations and makes them feel like an appreciated guest. Please know that those team members mentioned by name will receive some additional kudos from us as we realize how hard it is to make such an impact that a guest feels inclined to spend their time leaving a review and then mentioning them by name. Safe travels, and we hope to see you again soon.
The hotel is perfectly located within walking distance of all of the Midtown restaurants and shopping. The MARTA station is about a block away providing easy access to the rest of Atlanta attractions. The hotel is clean, has a restaurant and lobby bar, and was perfectly quiet. The parking is valet only and there are no street or self-park options.Thank you so much for your recent feedback. We hope that you will make us your first choice when visiting the area! AJohnson
I organized my company's annual sales conference here and was not disappointed. We had a very smooth and effective conference this year due to the Hiltons staff. This property is in a great location and very convenient to restaurants, Marta and the freeway. The sales manager, Jonathan and Noemi, banquet manager, were delightful to work with and had the best personalities. They made the event a smoother less chaotic fashion. Every aspect was catered to my companies needs. The fried chicken is a must for a catered lunch at the hotel property. The views are amazing from the conference level floors. The hotel rooms were very comfortable and the beds were amazing. The breakfast was also fantastic, the servers were very accommodating and the meal was made to order. Everyone enjoyed this years conference.
comfortable bed. microwave, fridge. sink area separate area from bathroom. Very clean. Did not have breakfast as it ends at 9:30 and we missed it so can't comment. Not a luxury hotel but quiet and great value for the price of 62. night. Convenient to I75.
We were headed down to Florida for our children's Spring Break and we decided to take a pit stop here. Its such a cute little proper, that is the brightest in town. The staff was very warm and welcoming. The front desk clerks name was Jason, he was super friendly and talkative. He made sure we were set in our... More
My wife and I were traveling with our pet Pomeranian through Georgia and encounter slowing due to a serious rain storm and freeway construction. When it became obvious we would not make it home we started looking for a pet friendly hotel. The La Quinta told my wife they welcomed pets over the cell phone, so we reserved a room.... More
Our stay at the Warner Robins LA Quinta is always the best! The rooms are always clean and well maintained. Love the workout room...however. it would be great to have a spin bike in there...ijs Sam, one of the hotel receptionist , is the absolute best! Sam always seem to anticipate your needs! He is highly attentive, professional, personable and... More
Very convenient to great restaurants and the highway. I liked that the breakfast selection was different every morning. The hotel was very secure and you could not get in without a room key. Parking availability was great.
Chose Cumberland Mall area since it was very close to people we were visiting. First, the hotel staff at front desk were very cordial and welcoming, give them an A! Main complaints was the bathroom tub and sink. The tub looked like there was mold...MoreDear Bob C, Thank you for taking the time to write a review about your stay with us. We truly appreciate your feedback and are very sorry for the condition of your room and quality of our breakfast. We will address your comments with our...More
Nice room, clean, if a bit small. Convenient to shopping, dining, and freeway. Good common areas, fantastic staff. There is a pool outside that was being refinished when we visited. Lots of seating for breakfast. Easy parking.
It is a good hotel to choose. The breakfast is very good. The room is clean. The employees are welcome. The location is near the highway. It is good to have a rest in this hotel. Hope they provide more benefits and deals in the future.
I enjoyed my stay at the Hampton. The staff were very friendly and helpful. After checking us in the lady at the front desk gave us snacks to enjoy before we headed to dinner. The room was very nice and clean and a comfortable sleep for the night. The only thing I had a problem with was the house keepers continually coming to my door the next morning. We repeatedly told them house keeping was not need but they kept returning. Besides the annoyance of the housekeepers I enjoyed my stay and would definitely return.
My husband and I have stayed at this Hampton Inn several times over the years on our way to and from Florida. We are finding that this Hampton has small rooms which are fairly dark. The bathroom configuration has always been a frustration for me - there is a lot of empty space that could be used. In the last room we stayed in, the toilet was so close to the shower door that it was like sitting in an airplane seat (no arm room). The knob for the flusher had just enough room to go down without hitting the shower stall. Very bad installation. The breakfast is the normal Hampton fare. I tried the croissants and they were old and heavy. The staff are always friendly and the hotel is located close to a large mall. I was going to book a room again for October, 2017 but saw that the price had doubled. As a result, we will be staying elsewhere.
We enjoyed our stay here for the most part. The basics were all covered: friendly staff clean room comfortable beds and we slept well. However, the dining area for the complimentary breakfast was too small for the size of the hotel. It was packed by the time we checked out around 8:30 am and so I'm glad we ate breakfast early!
This hotel was great and the price was good. The hotel lobby and rooms were beautiful with upscale deco'. We only stayed 1 night but it was great, fast check in and out. The staff was so helpful and friendly. We will stay here again!
Don't expect anything extra. Even asking for water is a big deal. Rooms are comfortable but be careful to be away from the elevator........use express/online check in for that. Breakfast is ok. Don't get an omelet or sausage....tasted like cardboard. I should have stuck with juice, yogurt, bagels.
Hotel was nothing to rave about other than great location (depending on where you are headed it was against the rush hour traffic for me both coming and doing, near mall and near strip plaza that had good spot for dinner. My bedroom was spacious, but air conditioner unit was the old type that is loud all night long if running and the bathroom had ants in it (in October!). Quality of breakfast food was poor compared to a Marriott chain, particularly the eggs
The hotel was nice and quiet. It was in a good location--not far from the Cumberland Mall. There wasn't too much traffic. The Breakfast was excellent. There wasn't a parking fee and it wasn't crowded--lobby or parking lot.
I am a Hilton fan and try to stay at Hilton hotels whenever possible since they have a great member rewards program.This Hampton Inn was great and I would stay here next time I am in town for business. The check in was smooth and flawless, the manager on duty acknowledged that I was a Hilton Honors member and was very pleasant.The breakfast was up to par, always clean and staffed by a very nice, upbeat attendant.The fitness center was clean, had a few machines but they were in working order, there were plenty of towels and bottled water. Nice touches.This is a convenient location, close to Cumberland Mall it's a short walk with plenty of dining opportunities.Also, there were cookies near the front desk, again nice touch.I'll be sure to stay here next time I'm in town.
We stayed here for a quick stopover in Atlanta, GA. The staff is very friendly, courteous, and helpful. The breakfast is good and adequate. The location is good. It's accessible to the highway and down the street from the Cumberland mall. There's plenty of eateries inside the mall and in that area. Housekeeping did a good job of keeping the... More
This is a very nice hotel. The staff is exceptional and very friendly. The rooms were very clean. The only complaint I had was the bed was really firm and I had a backache in the morning. We stayed in another Hampton in Kentucky on the way home and their bed was firm too, so it must just be the Hampton policy to have extra firm beds.
The Hampton was in the location I needed and the accomodations were good. I was there for two nights and was very comfortable. The complimentary breakfast got my day started and restaurants in the area were excellent.
My husband had a work conference in Atlanta, and we were on the way back from a family vacation, so we booked a room at this Hampton Inn for a VERY reasonable price. The decor is unlike any other Hampton Inn we've stayed in...dark wood, different types of lighting, very convenient for someone traveling on business. But a few shifts of furniture (a rolling desk and chair in the room) created a nice little nook for our 11 month old to sleep in his pack-n-play! The rooms were very sound-proof, as the baby woke in the night crying, and my parents next door did not even hear him. The hotel staff was friendly, and the breakfast was, as usual, great!
Very good experience with this hotel and staff. I highly recommend your staying here while in the Atlanta area. Convenient to everything. Breakfast bar is great and varied. You like waffles, they got them. Wonderful oatmeal as well. I have stayed here on many an occasion and I have never been disappointed. Clean rooms and attentive staff. What more could one ask for
Cannot say enough about the rooms, staff, and the wonderful HOT breakfast. Will be back and tell everyone about how great the experience was. Did not have a chance to use all the amenities on this trip but plan to do so the next time we stay. The complementary toiletries were fantastic.
We went to Atlanta for a business meeting and the Cumberland Hampton Inn was recommended to us. The hotel and staff were great and we loved the complimentary breakfast. Will definitely staff there again.
It was one of the most terrible experiences that I have ever had, me may wife and sister all felt the same way. I want ever stay at a Hampton Inn again. The Internet didn't work consistently, my grandson couldn't play his xbox 360 at all because of the internet.
We had no issues with this hotel. Nice rooms, nice breakfast, and close to many things. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable, and plenty of parking. We had no problem finding space at breakfast but if the hotel was crowded that could be an issue.
I thought the hotel was very clean, nice and neat. I would stay there again if I were ever in the area. The only real con to my stay would be not enough TV channels and internet should be accessible from arrival till departure.
This Hampton Inn is well located directly off of the interstate. It is clean and comfortable and to be perfectly blunt, a run-of-the-mill Hampton Inn, which is precisely what I need and expect out of a Hampton Inn after seven hours in the car.A good, solid choice for a relatively inexpensive single night stay.
I can say this is best hotel I have visited in a while. My arrival was great I was greeted by the front desk and I was informed I was the vip guest of the day, my treat included all types of snacks and goodies. The staff was nice and they serve a wonderful breakfast and appetizers in the evening. I can truly say if I am in the Cumberland area I will be staying at this hotel.
Was not able to run hot water from shower - was told by staff just to let water run for 20+ minutes and then it would be hot. Quite noisy at night with cars honking, sirens, etc. Didn't get much sleep. Was just traveling for a work conference, so not needing anything fancy in terms of accomodations, but basics like warm water and a good night's sleep were missing!Dear Jessica W,I appreciate the review of your recent stay at our hotel. Im very sorry that we fell short of your expectations. I hope you give us another chance to serve you if your travels bring you back to our area. Please know that we value your business and will work hard to earn your trust once again. Again, I do apologize for the inconvenience. If you would like to discuss further, please feel free to call me at 404-589-1111Hospitably Yours,Andrew May General Manager
We stayed 4 nights, our room was neat, service was ok. THE NEGETIVE FIRST: Hot water temperature in our room takes over 8minutes to build up and fluctuates when you shower. The Hotel tried to help, and things got much better on our last 2 nights. NOW ALL THE GOOD STUFF: Breakfast had some variety on different mornings loved it. The Wi-fi was ok. Location is great if you want walking distance to CNN, Coca Cola, Georgia Aquarium with a Toddler. There are lots of places to eat around the Hotel. Hooters is not for toddlers!! There is a wide range of Direct TV Channels for the insomnia type to keep busy. Neighborhood is fairly quiet, and good for late morning sleep. Taxi's are available around the Hotel. The Bed Pillows...I loved most! Some staff were pleasant to deal with Sharon Mary.
We stayed here after visiting the coca cola factory. Great position, close to everything. The bed was so comfortable and the reception staff had a handy leaflet showing us where to eat. Staff very helpful and friendly. Breakfast as you would expect. Would definitely stay here again for its proximity to everything.Dear Annieimac,Thank you for taking time to post a review about your recent experience here at the Hampton Inn Suites Atlanta Downtown. Were glad you enjoyed your stay and found our location to be convenient to everything downtown.Looking forward to having you stay with us again soon!Hospitably Yours,Andrew May General Manager
We were delighted and given such care. The gentleman that helped us with our van and even when we needed to get back to it :) Service was great, professional and friendly. Nice amenties, Awesome breakfast-restaurant quality, very clean, would definitelyrecommend and return. Right acorss the street from GA Tech- for a beautiful walk. Only downside - not all ice machines were working.We're pleased you experienced our Southern Hamptonality and Atlanta's charms.
Location is great with several nearby landmarks, hotels and restaurants. Parking is adequate and convenient. All staff encountered were courteous and friendly. Breakfast was what one would expect from a Hampton and changed a little each day, which was nice. Room was noticeably smaller than other Hampton Hotels I have visited. Minor maintenance issues noted such as shower that dripped constantly and toilet that had an obvious leak causing the valve to open to refill the tank several times each hour. Hot water was slow to reach the faucet and wasn't consistent. Room also had a noticeable odor that resembled wet carpet that had soured. Overall, just an average experience but nothing that would keep me from returning...just might request a different room.Dear Byron H,Thank you for taking a few moments to write a review about your recent stay. I appreciate your feedback and have shared your comments with my Chief Engineer and Housekeeping Director so they can address the issues you pointed out.Looking forward to welcoming you back soon!Hospitably Yours,Andrew May General Manager
Hotel was clean and quiet... Some slight traffic noise but I chalk that up to big city traffic and not the fault of the hotel. Breakfast was great each morning and the complementary food was a nice touch later on in the day (By the front desk) We wanted this location because it was close to the park, gulfarium, Meehan's , and Skyview.Dear Mattme34,Im so glad you enjoyed your trip to Atlanta. Thank you for pointing out our convenient location to a few of the local attractions.We hope to welcome you back soon! Hospitably Yours,Andrew May General Manager
I found this hotel to be very convenient and walking distance to many attractions in the city. Room was very cozy and bed was extremely comfortable. The continental breakfast was to my southern comfort with waffles and eggs just to name a few. I will definitely be using Hampton again in Atlanta Downtown! Staff was friendly, accommodating and welcoming I will also highly recommend sameThank you for choosing the Hampton Inn Suites and Atlanta Downtown during your recent visit to Atlanta. I reviewed your responses from the survey you completed and was disappointed to see, that we were not able to exceed your expectations while you were with us. We realize that you have many choices to stay, but we want to be your number one choice of Hotel. How could we improve the areas, you scored us lower in What could we do better Your feedback is very important to us, without it, we are not able to target our weak spots and make the necessary improvements. Please don't hesitate to share your ideas and suggestions. You are a 10 to us and we want to be a 10 to you! We look forward to serving you again, and proving that our hotel can be the best.
have stayed in Hampton couple dozen times. the toilet leaked, there was a large crack in the tub surround wall and we failed to get a wakeup call. staff went above and beyond to fix the boo-boo. we will stay here again.Thank you for choosing the Hampton Inn Suites Atlanta Downtown during your recent visit to Atlanta. I reviewed your responses from the survey you completed for our hotel, and I was very unhappy to see that your stay was less than satisfactory. I would like to know in which areas you think we need improvement, since we are eager to enhance our service every day. I appreciate your feedback. You are a 5 to us and we want to be a 5 to you! We look forward to serving you again, and proving that our hotel can be the best, during your next visit to Atlanta
Great location but not so good beds. I was traveling with my family to Atlanta downtown. Being a frequent traveler, I often stay at Hilton properties during my trips, so this was the reason I chose this hotel. The location is great if you want to explore the downtown, especially the Olympic Park, World of Coke, CNN Studio, Georgia Aquarium - all of which are at a 10 min walking distance from the hotel. However, the rooms seemed too small and the bed in our room was not that comfortable. Apart from the bed, everything was great!Thank you for taking the time to share your experience. The feedback provided is value and will assist our team in enhancing their skill set to ensure this does not happen in the future. Again, we thank you for your support and loyalty and hope you will give us another opportunity.At Your Service,Natasha Boyd General Manager
The room was nicely decorated in a contemporary fashion but it was the smallest hotel room I've stayed in. The room was just large enough for the king bed and a small table. They had a sitting chair, but it just made the room look cluttered. There really was no room for the chair. The staff was nice and helpful. If you don't mind not having a lot of walking space, then this is perfect.
Seriously...we stay at this property every year for market week. No matter what if you get in the shower past 7AM you will have a cold one! It is so frustrating. No use calling maintenance as they will not be able to fix it. If we were not mandated by our company to stay there we would be looking for a new place to rest our heads.Also...when the hotel is full breakfast can get a little sketchy...just saying.Other than that...the rooms are fine but starting to show their wear.Dear JuliMcG,Thank you for taking a few moments to write a review about your recent stay. My apologies on the water temperature you experienced during your stay. We value your continued loyalty to the hotel and hope to have marked improvements before your next stay for a market show.Hospitably Yours,Andrew May General Manager
April in the breakfast area was excellent. Amazing work and kind personality. Please reward her! The food area was clean and fresh. The coffee was full and hot. We would definitely stay at this hotel again.Thank you for your wonderful comments regarding your stay at the Hampton Inn and Suites Atlanta downtown. We are very happy you enjoyed your stay and appreciate your business. I will make sure to pass on your wonderful comments to our breakfast staff attendant April. We hope to see you again during your future visit to the Atlanta downtown area.Have a great day
This hotel is in a great location and within walking distance of many restaurants and the Olympic park. Rooms were very clean, breakfast was very nice, coffee is great and Miss Mary is the sweetest!! We had an issue with our AC which they attempted to repair, luckily it was not too hot during our visit. The staff was very helpful and friendlyDear Sharon P,Thank you for taking a few moments to write a review about your recent stay here at the Hampton Inn Suites Atlanta Downtown. Im so glad you enjoyed your accommodations and found our staff courteous and helpful.Hospitably Yours,Andrew May General Manager
I had no complaints I was in town for court and this was a great location and the price was very affordable. The staff was very helpful and even held my bags while at court in case I didn't arrive back in time.
Great location to Georgia World Congress Convention Center. Great friendly staff especially at check in and breakfast. Rooms a little worn, but over all good stay. I will definitely book again in the future.Thank you for taking the time to bring to our attention the enjoyable stay you had with us. We are very pleased that you enjoyed your Hampton Inn and Suites Atlanta Downtown. As we continuously strive to maintain and refine our services we rely on visitors such as you to evaluate the total experience. It means so much to us that you took the time to score us well on TripAdvisor. Please accept our thanks for your kind remarks. We pride ourselves on our reputation for delivering excellent service and creating memorable experiences. In this digital era, word of mouth advertising is often as valuable as any marketing campaign. We encourage you to share your recent stay with others so that they might benefit from the same great service. By leaving your feedback in this forum, you will help guide someone elses journey to the Hampton Inn and Suites Atlanta Downtown. We look forward to serving you again in the near future. Thank you for choosing Hampton Inn Suites Atlanta Downtown.At Your Service, Natasha Boyd
We stayed in the Hampton Inn for the first leg of our holiday and were very impressed. The staff were professional and helpful, the accomodation (top floor suite) was excellent and the breakfasts of a very high quality.Dear Lee R,Thank you for taking the opportunity to post a great review about your recent stay here at the Hampton Inn Suites Atlanta Downtown. I am glad you enjoyed our breakfast and found our staff to be professional and helpful. We hope to welcome you back soon!Hospitably Yours,Andrew May General Manager
The Hampton Inn Downtown is the perfect place to stay. The location cannot be beat and the staff is tremendous. It is a pleasure when you get back to your hotel and you are treated like family. To make things even better, the rates at this hotel are very reasonable. I will always stay here when I am going to downtown Atlanta!
We arrived around 2:30PM from a long drive from our home in NC to the Hampton Inn-Downtown Atlanta at 161 Ted Turner Drive NW. Be advised, most maps and our GPS did not recognize Ted Turner Drive, it was named Spring Street. I was quite surprised how easy it was to navigate the traffic and enter their parking lot. Once we parked, we never moved our vehicle until we left on Thursday morning. If we hadnt been staying at hotel, we would have incurred a 20 per day parking fee. However, the Hampton Inn waived this fee and gave us a parking pass. Make sure you place unobstructed on front mirror. The parking lot owners will put a boot on any vehicles with expired or non-stickers. It was very easy to recover a luggage cart and transfer our stuff to the hotel check-in station. We were very impressed how clean, and efficient the hotel lobby was. Princess, the hotel manager worked tirelessly checking us in. It is always so nice to sample fresh cookies and enjoy hot beverages during this process. We stayed in a King Bed Suite on the 5th Floor in room 513. This turned out to be an excellent location selection within the high rise building. We not only experienced solitude and quietness but I felt very secure. The amenities in our room included a separate sitting area with extra TV, refrigerator, and a microwave. Our room was maintained at an excellent state of cleanliness by very courteous and interactive housekeepers. If youre searching for a great hotel which is very close to Olympic Park, public transportation, and sights like aquarium, CNN building, and the World of Coke this is the one for you. The hot breakfast that is served free from 6AM to 10AM daily was one of the best tasting, excellent choices, and smoothly efficient that I have ever seen. Given the oodles of hotels that we have stayed in over the years, this one captured our amazement and our respect. I would definitely stay here should we return to Atlanta.Thank you for providing this valuable feedback. Our team will be elated to know that your stay with us was enjoyable. It was our pleasure hosting you, we look forward to your next visit to the Atlanta area.At Your Service, Natasha BoydGeneral Manager
This is a good - not great - Hampton Inn in downtown Atlanta. It is close to everything and the staff is excellent. There are some things that could use a little love and some areas that could use a bit of an upgrade but overall it was well worth it and we were both very content with the experience.Thank you for choosing our hotel during your stay in Atlanta. We are glad you found our hotel accommodating and staff outstanding. We look forward to you staying with us in the future. If I can be of any further service please feel free to contact me directly. Sincerely,Seth Rolfe404-604-3777seth.rolfehilton.com
Hotel has one of the best locations for doing things downtown. Good breakfast selection and as the hotel was fairly crowded they had a person dedicated to refilling all items and she was on the spot in doing so. Room was the standard level with the Hampton brand. Only downside wast that check in took to long with a line and having a young child who needed to get to the restroom after a long drive (Have to have your room key to use lobby restrooms).Thank you for taking time to let us know about your stay. We are currently working to increase the number of associates at the front desk for a quicker check-in process. As it relates to the key to use restroom, safety is our number 1 concerns so we choose to know who's utilizing our facility by this monitoring system. We appreciate the feedback, if your travels bring you back to the Atlanta area, we hope you will stay with us again.At Your Service,Natasha Boyd
Disappointed that as an HHonors member, I was not allowed a price quoted on the Hotel's website on July 20 which was 40 less than what I agreed to when I reserved the room on-line on May 14. Other than that, the hotel was very charming and the staff extremely courteous. I would return but I would be careful about the pricing.
The hotel can do better with the house keeping and let the client have peace of mind with minor adjustments they property can be a great place to stay. The location is very conveniently located with easy access to the interstate.Thank you for choosing the Hampton Inn Suites Atlanta Downtown during your recent visit to Atlanta. I reviewed your responses from the survey you completed for our hotel, and I was very unhappy to see that your stay was less than satisfactory. I would like to know in which areas you think we need improvement, since we are eager to enhance our service every day. I appreciate your feedback. You are a 10 to us and we want to be a 10 to you! We look forward to serving you again, and proving that our hotel can be the best, during your next visit to Atlanta
The location of the hotel is convenient to downtown Atlanta, and the cost of the hotel is reasonable. However, one of the elevators was broken and staff said that it had been out of order for 3 weeks. This meant using the stairs, and my room was on the 8th floor. My room lacked a shower curtain, coat hangers in the closet, and was not clean when I arrived.Dear David C,I appreciate the review of your recent stay at our hotel. Im very sorry that we fell short of your expectations. My apologies on your experiences with the elevator. Shortly after you checked out the repair work had been completed. Unfortunately the required parts are no longer manufactured so custom pieces had to being fabricated causing a longer then anticipated repair time.Again, I do apologize for the inconveniences and I hope you give us another chance to serve you when your travels bring you back to our area. Please know that we value your business and will work hard to earn your trust once again. If you should have any further questions, please feel free to contact me directly.Hospitably Yours,Andrew May General Manager
In Atlanta on business and Kim Jones at the front desk was SO helpful! Great personality and helped me get what I needed to resolve a paperwork issue - couldn't have done it without her! Nice touches at this property. Nightlight in the bathroom! Microwave in the breakfast area available any time (which is great for late night popcorn).Thank you for staying with us in Downtown Atlanta. We're pleased you felt our Hamptonality. We look forward to welcoming you back soon!
As the title stated, this HI is located in a building on the historic register - way cool, inside like an old loft layout with lots of glass to the outside and restored brick. Rooms had loft ceilings, much higher than meets the eye, new appointments inside. Staff was friendly, though the intercom system when you do not have your room key yet was a bit squalky the elevator, its an older one, is slow. Breakfast nook is cozy and well lit. TV has lots of channels, but was confusing since I have no experience with DirecTV.Dear originalXfactor,Thank you for taking a few minutes to post a great detailed review about your recent stay here at the Hampton Inn Suites Atlanta Downtown. Im so glad you enjoyed your trip to Atlanta. Please come back and stay with us soon!Hospitably Yours,Andrew May General Manager
We stayed here as we came to town for a concert at the Phillips Arena. It is close enough to walk there, as well as several places to eat along the way. Check in was fast and easy, and we paid to park at the hotel parking. The room was very clean and comfortable, and staff was very friendly. Breakfast was good and plenty of places to sit. We would stay there again.
We stayed 2 nights at the hotel while working at the Georgia World Congress Center. Location is great and easy access to the Center. Room very nice. We had AC issues and they provided fans and gave us one night free. Great value. I would recommend this hotel.Dear Terry W,I appreciate the review of your recent stay at our hotel. My apologies for the A/C not working to the temperature levels you attempted. Im glad the staff was able to improve your comfort level by adding a fan during your stay.Thank you for your personal recommendation, we hope to welcome you back soon!Hospitably Yours,Andrew May General Manager
Close proximity to arena, safe environment at night. Staff friendly and accommodating. Pay to park but convenient! Would stay here again...only down side was suite was a bit small, if sleeper sofa was opened, no bathroom access!Thank you for taking the time to bring to our attention the enjoyable stay you had with us. We are very pleased that you enjoyed your Hampton Inn and Suites Atlanta Downtown.As we continuously strive to maintain and refine our services we rely on visitors such as you to evaluate the total experience. It means so much to us that you took the time to score us well on Trip Advisor. Please accept our thanks for your kind remarks.We pride ourselves on our reputation for delivering excellent service and creating memorable experiences. In this digital era, word of mouth advertising is often as valuable as any marketing campaign. We encourage you to share your recent stay with others so that they might benefit from the same great service. We look forward to serving you again in the near future. Thank you for choosing Hampton Inn Suites Atlanta Downtown
I made this reservation only because the Hilton around the corner, was booked for the weekend. Hampton Inn's normally being consistently clean and consistent, I decided to make the reservation. The staff at the front desk was extremely friendly and helpful, all shifts, while there. The room was small, noisy. The television never worked the entire stay. We have to call someone from the hotel, every time we wanted to turn it on! Some issue with the cable or buttons in the back, it was nothing but fuzz. When they would come to fix it they would say I think that's got it and then we would have to call again. There was a piece of debris on the tile floor in the entry way, never got cleaned up the entire stay. How do you not see a piece of dark colored debris on a light color tile floorThe hot water and pressure in the shower was an issue, just as I have seen others report on this site. Took forever to get hot water, no matter whether AM or PM. Pressure very low. This was a leisure trip and regardless, it would be nice to have all of the necessities you pay for when away from home.Dear Janice E,I appreciate the review of your recent stay at our hotel. Im very sorry that we fell short of your expectations. I hope you give us another chance to serve you if your travels bring you back to our area. Please know that we value your business and will work hard to earn your trust once again. Again, I do apologize for the inconvenience. If you would like to discuss further, please feel free to call me at 404-589-1111Hospitably Yours,Andrew May General Manager
I was able to book a 1 bedroom suite for very cheap through the hotel website. It was well worth the few extra bucks. Had my own little living room, fridge, microwave, etc. I loved the high ceilings and LOVED the fact that I did not hear my neighbors - very important to me. Breakfast each morning is a major plus, although I do wish they had a restaurant inside the hotel. Not that it mattered anyways because it's centrally located to MANY restaurants.HERXLNC, thank you for taking the time to write a review of our hotel. We greatly appreciate you pointing out our wonderful location to our local restaurants and the amenities in our suites. We hope to see you again in the future!
The lowest price reservation online seemed to be a handicap room. So I took it. At room selection time, I let Hampton select the room and found that I was upgraded to a 2 room suite at the original low price. Thank you Hampton.
I was here for a business conference. While the conference was held at the Sheraton, I always like to stay at Hilton properties. This was a great choice. The hotel, an older building remodeled into a Hampton Inn, was very nice. The staff were very helpful and courteous. The rooms, though a bit small, were still very nice. They were clean and well maintained. The only way from inside the room you could tell you were in an older building were from the window sills. They were old. The mattresses were not quite was I am used to at other Hampton properties (not quite at plush), but the bedding was clean and nice. The tub/shower seemed a little older, but the bathroom overall was very clean and modern. I was on the 8th floor and had NO issues with outside noise. I found this to be a great stay.Dear Mike007D,Thank you for taking the time to post a great review about your recent stay here at the Hampton Inn Suites Atlanta Downtown. We look forward to welcoming you back soon.Hospitably Yours,Andrew May General Manager
My family and I stayed here for one night during our road trip. Our room was clean and set up nicely, but space was limited. They charged 18/night for your car, and security is tight so you have to run out to your car to put out a tag so they don't boot it. The lobby is also very secure, you need your key just to get inside the door. I went to the gym downstairs and there were 3 treadmills, 1 elliptical, weights, a mat and a bike. The equipment was pretty new but you could tell it was well used. There was 1 treadmill that was not working, and one of the employees was trying to help me get it started but unfortunately they needed to call in order to have someone come out to fix it. Overall, it was a decent workout facility for a hotel, no frills but definitely usable.One of the downsides to our room was our shower, the water flow was very low and it felt like a slight mist while you were in the shower. I understand this may be more environmentally friendly, but in the meantime I spend more time in the shower trying to get clean....On the other hand, when we requested more towels and an extra blanket, there was an employee at our door in well under 5 minutes. We went down to the breakfast (which is included) around 8:30am and it was already really crowded, and it was a Saturday. My advice is to get there early, especially when it closes at 10am!! There were a variety of healthy options. There was hot oatmeal, waffles, muffins, bananas, apples, honeydew/pineapple/grapes. The oatmeal was slightly cool by the time I got to it--part of the reason why I suggest getting there early. There were 4 different types of cereal to choose from, regular cheerios included.Overall, for the price of the hotel and the central location, you can't beat it. However, I'm not sure what the other hotels in the area are like, so I can only compare this location to other Hampton Inns I've stayed in in the past.
It was not the best experience I've ever had at a Hampton Inn. Small rooms with no refrigerators or microwaves. Slippery bathtubs. Poor breakfast selection. Hard to get in and out of I wouldn't recommend this Hampton Inn. Thank you for taking the time to share your experience. Without question I would like to offer a sincere apology for this experience. The feedback provided is value and will assist our team in enhancing their skill set to ensure this does not happen in the future. Again, we thank you for your support and loyalty and hope you will give us another opportunity.At Your Service,Natasha Boyd General Manager
Our room had no heat, no hot water, and staples coming out of the carpet in one spot. We were moved to a new room which still had no hot water and had the bonus of a broken phone. The staff issued keys to other guests for that room, and three older ladies were shocked to open the door and find a baby sleeping in their room. We reported all of our issues, of course, and the staff did their best to compensate us for the inconveniences. They eventually helped us find a different hotel, negotiated a discount rate, and paid for our cab to get to the new location. We appreciated the exemplary staff, but we were bothered when we realized the hot water issue had been going on for several days and they were STILL not disclosing the situation to customers as they checked in. That was disturbing. The silver linings of this stay...... clean space, good breakfast, gorgeous lobby, and a staff that was accommodating and helpful (but perhaps not completely honest).
The amenities were lacking, no microwave or refrigerator in room. The price was also misleading, when you add in the parking fee, taxes and hotel fee the cost of the room increased by about 90 a night.On behalf of our staff, we would like to apologize for not having refrigerators and microwaves in all rooms and the inconvenience that this caused you. If your ever in the area again, we hope that you would give us another chance. You are a valued guest and we appreciate the feedback.Thank you,Michelle Lopez General Manager
This is a wonderful hotel to stay if you are in the Atlanta downtown area. First, look for discounted rates with Hotwire.com. The staff is pleasant friendly. They will make sure you are comfortable satisfied during your stay. I was so amazed at how fast they met my requests. I requested a roller bed light bulb for the bathroom night light the demand was met before I could blink my eye. The lobby is well lit nicely decorated. They have flat screen tvs, pillow top mattresses, modern bathroom countertops freshly painted rooms with accented colors. The room smells clean fresh, new carpet the halls are nice clean.Oh, and they have full course breakfast every morning. Not continental but everything including bacon, sausage, eggs, potatoes, breads, cereal, fruits, coffee, tea etc. That is a plus. They have courtesy internet fitness center. And you are within walking distance to all the major tour sites such as Coca Cola, CNN, Aquarium, Olympic Park etc. Ok, I've said enough to make you choose Hampton Inn Suites, Atlanta Downtown.
I checked in on line and resquested an up grade. So when i arrived at Hampton Inn, Vince checked me in. I asked about my up grade n was informed,I had to da that when i reserved the room online. I told him that is what i did. Just for Vince to tell me the hotel was full.So i get to my room and i don't have a microwave or fridge. Now i have to go downstairs and see Vince. Needless to say i have less than a perfect visit. I will not be returning to this hotel again.Thanks Vince, For your lack of customer service!!!!!!In behalf of the entire management and staff, I sincerely thank you for staying at the Hampton Inn Suites Atlanta Downtown and thank you for taking a moment to do our hotel survey. We hope someday you would return and stay with us again!
We have stayed in downtown Atlanta many many times and usually stay at the Hilton downtown. We decided at the last minute to try this property and we made a great decision. The location and ease of getting to hotel were great. As I've read in past reviews and very true on our visit....parking in the main lot is very limited. We were greeted at checkin by two very friendly clerks. We were a little early, but our room was ready. True, the rooms are on the small side, but that doesn't take away from how comfortable the room really was. Every employee that we encountered were very friendly and helpful with directions or suggestions for restaurants or whatever. The breakfast is just what you are used to from a Hampton Inn....very good with plenty of choices. Cold water and cookies were available a the front desk when you came back to hotel in evening. Overall a great stay and will stay there again when we return in April. Oh, parking is 20.00 per day...for downtown not really that bad.
We recently spent a week at this hotel while at a conference. The staff was extremely courteous and friendly. This is a redently rennovated older hotel but looked new inside. Breakfast was quite good with hot eggs and meats each day along with the usual. the location was perfect. Just a 10 minute walk from about everything downtown.
It's always nice when hotel staff members go above and beyond to make customers have a wonderful experience away from home. The ladies and gentlemen at the downtown Atlanta Hampton Inn and Suites did just that.Dear Pam A.Thank you for taking a few moments to write a great review about your recent stay here at the Hampton Inn Suites Atlanta Downtown.We strive to exceed your expectations so its always rewarding to hear the success stories about our team members. Please come back and stay with us soon!Hospitably Yours,Andrew May General Manager
The room was clean, bathroom was clean, fridge was working good. Bed was nice soft as were the pillows. We did not eat breakfast or use wifi. As far as staying again, yes we will be back this month. Lots of restaurants close by.
We make it a point that if we are in the area, to stay here. The rooms are reasonable, spacious and clean. The staff go out of their war to make you feel welcome and are always helpful. Not a 5 star hotel but the stay seems like it based on the entire process. Do not worry about anything with... More
Great service, clean room and hotel was surprisingly quiet. We chose this hotel because it was walking distance to a campground where a relative was staying, turned out to be a good choice. Would stay there again.Thank you so much for your kind review. Please visit us again soon!
Firstly the heater worked great and they had it turned on for me before I got there since I had a reservation. That was mandatory when it was 30 degrees outside. The manager was working the front desk and was quick at checking me in and out.
Lovely hotel with very clean and comfortable accommodations. The hotel staff was wonderful. Kind and accommodating. The breakfast was delicious! I ran into one problem with the billing. I had stayed for one night. I was billed twice. One payment was settled as paid. The other continues to be under a pre-authorization after 5 days. I was assured by The... More
We really enjoy this hotel. The staff is helpful, the room very clean and the location is perfect for walking around Athens. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 rating this time is because the bed was hard as a rock. We saw the next morning that it apparently was adjustable, but we went through a terrible night.
Very comfortable and all you need is here! Same parking lot as applebees too but be warned they arent as good as other applebees.Clean hotel and decent breakfast food. Worth staying here and will do so again
Hotel was nice. Loud club outside, so there was bass playing until 2 a.m. There was less than a stellar performance by the front desk personnel. There was a new person and he was not adequately trained before he was put in front of people. I would stay here again because of the location, but would like to see the... More
My husband and I stayed here for our anniversary night on the town, and we were pleasantly surprised. Our room was large and comfortable and we had a view of the Classic Center so we could people-watch whenever we weren't part of the action ourselves. The best part of this hotel is its location. Everything a person would want to... More
I had a great experience! I came in for a conference and arrived at 8 am and they already had our rooms ready! The staff was friendly. The rooms were clean and the beds were super comfortable! They were very accommodating throughout the whole stay!Thank you for staying with us. It was our pleasure to provide great service. We look forward to seeing you again on your next visit to Athens.
Hotel is fine and restaurant accommodations were very nice. Internet leaves a lot to be desired, but fortunately we were needing to conduct business on this trip. Staff could not be more professional or ready to help in any way possible.
This seems to be the best place to stay in Athens, GA. It is perfectly located in the heart of downtown, the facilities are great and the service was outstanding. The only thing preventing me from giving them 5-star review is that there is no pool or hot tub.
We stayed in this hotel for one night only. Overall impression is very good. Room was not huge, but adequate, looked modern with fully equipped kitchenette, queen size bed and pullout sofa. Great location, just 10 min straight walk to the best Atlanta Midtown has to offer, 5 min walk to the Art Center MARTA station. We didn't have a car, however I noticed that parking charge was 28 per night. Very good breakfast selection and decent exercise room. From now on, this is my new favorite place for overnight stay in Atlanta.
I stayed here recently for work and chose this location since it was walking distance to my work. The interior is updated and the suite I had was very spacious! No complaints there! They also offer free hot breakfasts and a free happy hour with beer and wine and snacks 6-8pm during the week. Also another great bonus. The only complaint I had was with the gym. It felt about 10 degrees HOTTER than the hotel and there was no working water fountain inside. Also, the towels they provide were normal bath towels (way too large) and the lack of machines was terrible. I didn't see the business area, but I did pass a small alcove with a desk...but not computers, so I really hope that wasn't the business center. Another huge drawback was the lack of cell service in the rooms. I have Verizon and typically have service EVERYWHERE, but I never had service in the room. Also, my room was close to the parking garage so I was woken up frequently by car alarms going off in the middle of the night :/
I had the pleasure of staying at this location years ago and immediately noticed the changes in the decor. I could very easily go on and on, but I will not bore you with the small talk.Upon arrival, the staff was amazing (from valet to front desk) and very courteous. The room was perfectly spacious with exactly what I needed (kitchenette, lounging space, desk to complete some work, and large enough bathroom). Breakfast was available and delicious regardless of how simple of the options. I am a simply guy that has to have his waffles (yes they did). The staff were amazing and very friendly. Kim is truly an asset to the organization because of her smile and willingness to engage with guests. Overall, if you seek a location that is surrounded by an abundance of options, then please reserve a room. Uber-friendly in so many ways (riding or eats). In conclusion, I am glad I stayed at this particular Marriott location and will do so over and over again.To the staff...THANK YOU!Hello,We have passed this information on to the staff! We truly appreciate your positive feedback! Thank you,Devin H.
This hotel was in a central location and one could easily walk to the museums (MODA) up the street. The MARTA was close by for easy transit around Atlanta. Leave the car in the paid lot and walk the 2 blocks to the MARTA to get to your destinations. The hotel is a serviceable Residence Inn with a clean, plain lobby. We had rooms on the 7th Floor and the ceilings are very high with exposed pipes so that was nice to look up at once you were in bed. However, the air conditioner was LOUD, and while successful in drowning out street noise, it was extremely hard to get used to when going off to sleep. The breakfast is well done and actually there was a sausage hash that was very tasty along with red bliss potatoes, onions and peppers that tasted wonderful. The exercise room was decent and provided a good workout. The pool is small but was great for the kids to splash in.
Shaun was wonderful- she helped to our room and noticed the small size of it, and immediately switched us to a bigger suite. When we asked for extra pillow for our children, she returned with pillows, and crayons and paper and snacks to entertain the children. The next day, when I needed to mail something immediately, she provided envelops, stamps, and walked it over to the FedEx location, at no charge. The breakfast was very god with variety, and the valet was efficient and FAST! We had a great stay and would definitely come back
We spent two nights here for our son's graduation from Georgia Tech. The room seemed typical for a RI, but they only have queen beds (ours was uncomfortable in addition). We leaded out early on the day of his graduation and returned after 10PM. Imagine our disgruntlement to find that the room had not been serviced and that the only towels in the room were the wet ones we left in the tub to indicate to housekeeping that we wanted fresh ones for the second night. The Courtyard Atlanta Midtown/Georgia Tech had always been our lodging of choice prior to this experience and we have never had any complaints while here. Probably better to not reiterate our mistake.
Convenient location for Midtown. However, 2 of 3 elevators were out of service, no towels were left in room after 1st night maid service, vents in bath exhaust were filthy, AC made load noises, and shower hot/cold adjustment would not work. Maybe try somewhere else.
Car Rider Green Cards Dismissal--please continue to display your green card. Safety is always 1 everyday of the year! It also helps us! Jimmy greeted my family, directed us to the front desk and parked our car. The front desk was very informative about where to go and what to see. The rooms were very spacious with a kitchenette. We will definitely be back!
The A.C. in our room was broken, the toilets and refrigerator ran all night long, and the floors were very dirty - visible enough to where I would not walk barefoot on the carpet. We got in late and the kids were exhausted so it was too inconvenient to request a different room. It was super warm all night long, and for 300+ a night, was completely unimpressed. We mentioned the issues our room had at the check out desk. The clerk responded, I'm sorry - I'll add these issues to the list our maintenance guy already has for that room... So they gave us a room knowingly had problems.Terrible customer service. Would not recommend.Hello,We apologize for the experiences you had during your visit. Please feel free to contact me at the property directly. Thank you,Devin H
We were taking the train home to Los Angeles, and this is the closest hotel to the Amtrak Train Station. The staff is very good, and the valet took very good care of us, the room was very clean and comfortable.
5 of us ladies stayed in the 2 bedroom/2 bathroom suite. The kitchen area consisted of a microwave, oven and refrigerator. Plenty of space in the main area and bedrooms (small bathrooms though), comfortable bedding, clean, friendly staff, complimentary breakfast each morning. I also loved room service requests were filled immediately (extra towels). The only downfall is parking, which valet of 30/day is your best bet if you don't want to risk getting a ticket. Easy walking distance to a few restaurants and the corner store. You can't beat the location and great price so I would recommend and would definitely stay again! We really appreciate the positive feedback! Parking is not our favorite thing either but it is in-line with our area. We are actually are one of the cheapest. I'm sure the readers appreciate your review on possibly getting a ticket if you decide to park in the public areas. I'm sure it will be helpful for others. Thank you,Devin H
This is a nice Residence Inn on the older side. Staff was super nice. Rooms basic - no real issues other then I like the newer renovated properties. The carpet could use to be replaced. I wasn't that comfortable walking around in my room on the carpet. Everything is fine in the room and hotel but in the next year I think a renovation would be in order. Having said that, it's a fine property and would stay again, but not one to write home about.Hello,Thank you for the great feedback! Thank you,
This place is unsafe... the camera's don't work, or atleast weren't working at the time when the police needed it for their investigation... they even had the nerve to charge me for blood stains on the carpet resulting from my attack which took place at 10 am in the morning !! The excuse was that it may have been someone I met 2 nights before that set me up ...But after much investigation and reflection it had to have been an inside job because it had nothing to do with that person as I was to later find out.But when you think about it, common sense would tell you if a hotel agent delivered items the evening before only that person could reasonably infer you would be sleeping over until the morning....be that as it may the after-care was extremely disappointing and I have stayed in many hotels... I'm still in shock to this day !!!
Walking into the lobby of the Residence Inn, you'll immediately feel the classy and sophisticated style that this hotel has to offer. Yet, the friendly staff makes you feel like you're in your own home. We stayed here for a few weeks while we relocated and before we closed on our new home. Quickly, our 2 bedroom, 2 bath (with kitchen and den) room became our temporary home. Always clean and with all necessary amenities, this hotel was perfect for our family of five. During our long stay we only had an issue ever come up - trying to rent a movie for our kids to watch on Demand. We contacted the front desk though and the Residence Inn staff took care of us immediately. Not just answering questions over the phone, but they actually sent someone to our room to set it all up. Happy kids, happy mom. Perfect service by this hotel and perfect place to stay during a relocation. Thanks Residence Inn (and Sadia in the Hearth Room who was so sweet to my children!)
We stayed here two nights while dropping our son at college. The first night, some sort of water leak wet the carpet near the bathroom. It was not a huge deal, but the executive housekeeper -- Crispin Harris -- bent over backwards to make things right, moving us to a new room, giving us free parking and leaving us a note of apology in our new room. Beyond that, the hotel is in a great location and has very nice rooms. My only complaints would be that the hot food on the breakfast bar was lukewarm, and it's a bit nauseating to try and find some fresh air in the patio area in front of the hotel and have to breathe second-hand smoke. A designated smoking area would be appreciated by us non-smokers.
The hotel is not bad. What sets this location apart form anything else is the attitude of the staff. They are all friendly and helpful. Really great people work here and they seem very proud to be there.
We took Marta from the airport and rented a car the following day downtown to save a lot of money. This hotel was about a block from the station and was a bit tricky to find in a new city just off an underground train. I'd recommend a printed map.( you do walk through a church parking lot). The hotel was fine, just don't expect a view. Food service felt a little lower quality than other Residence Inns. This location is a not in the middle of the activity of midtown, but it was less expensive. We felt safe walking down Peachtree to dinner. I love central air conditioning, so quiet.Hi there Natalieonwabash,Thanks for taking the time to let us know about your most recent stay at the Residence Inn Atlanta Midtown /17th street. We are always working to improve our overall guests' experience and will be sure to share your feedback with the breakfast team. We are glad that our location from the MARTA train station was to your liking and hope that upon your next visit you will be able to explore more of the enjoyable area. Warmest regards,Marvin T.
From the hotel you can walk to most of Atlanta downtown, MLK museum, CocaCola, CNN, city park. Restaurants and bars all within 2 blocks. The only downside was the elevators which were very slow. I think one was being repaired.
My husband and I usually stay 3 or more times a year at this hotel when we go in to Midtown to see a play at the Woodruff Arts Center Complex. The location is excellent - within easy walking distance to do this and also a couple of acceptable restaurants nearby.We went last week and on a Tuesday night, I made the reservation 2 hours prior using my Marriott Rewards Elite Member points. When we arrived we were told they were starting a refurbishment of the hotel so the water was off until about 6:30. Why not mention this when I was making the reservationSo no nice hot shower and chance to spruce up and change clothes before going out to make the theater curtain. So we decided o.k. we will go to plan B - no play we will go out to eat and then just watch a movie in the room - with no kids around- what a treat - something without talking animals! But wait - the movie channels were not working on the TV- so no movie or play! To be fair the front desk offered to send someone to try and fix the problem - but we were already in our pajamas and I just did not feel like getting redressed for a stranger to come attempt to fix the issue. We just went to sleep. The condition of our queen suite should have been embarrassing to the Marriott corporation. The easy chair in the room looked worse than a thrift store find - it would have been better to take it out of the room than leave something in that condition in the room. The ceiling/walls in the bathroom had been recently spackled/repaired which is fine - except the cleaning staff did not clean up the dust from this repair.The staff were all wonderful. The young lady at the front desk was polite and tried her best to be helpful. The women at the breakfast buffet in the morning was so friendly and went and got me a bottle of water from downstairs when I ask if there was water available (a glass of tap water would have been fine). The breakfast has good selections for a free hotel breakfast.Valet parking has gone up to 28 - ouch!I am very disappointed that because of the remodeling and the other maintenance glitches our child free romantic night on the town turned in to a less than stellar evening. What a waste of my rewards points.
Stayed here for a business trip. Very basic set-up standard Residence Inn - you know what to expect. Small breakfast area with a few hot and cold items (eggs, biscuits, fruit, etc.). Nothing fancy. Nothing immediately next door if it is raining you'll have a walk to get to food.I would stay again as it is convenient to my Atlanta office.
I love this hotel when I was in Atlanta for Training. The location is perfect to be around shopping and restaurants. The welcome, the room, and the breakfast was excellent. The staff were very professional and helpful at the time.Dear Maritza C,Thank you for taking the time to write your review of our property, your comments are very much valued. We really appreciate your comments regarding our customer service and our hotel. Our staff members take their roles in our industry very seriously and try, every day, to provide that quality customer service that our guests expect. Thank you for your kind words concerning your experience at our hotel. We will be sure to share them with our team.We know that you have many choices in the area to stay and we appreciate that you chose to stay with us. We hope that when your travels bring you back to our area that you will choose to stay with us again. Sincerely, Patricia Kilgore General Manager
I am a hilton honors member and have been for several years now. Anytime I travel, I am aware I have a choice of where to stay. Hampton Inn is ALWAYS consistant. The rooms are spottless both in the bedroom areas as well as the bathrooms. They definitely provide the most comfortable beds at any hotel chain in the same price range. Certainly the best bang for your buck. Best value for sure.Dear William S,Thank you for staying with us at the Hampton Inn Atlanta Perimeter Center. Thank you for your time and wonderful comments about your stay with us. We are delighted to know that you enjoyed your stay. We are happy to know that we exceeded your expectations and appreciate your loyalty to our hotel and the Hilton Brand of Hotels. We know that you have many choices to stay and appreciate that you chose to stay with us. We hope that when your travels bring you back to our area that you will choose to stay with us again.Sincerely,Patricia KilgoreGeneral Manager
bad experience front desk clerk messed up my credit card, housekeeping ignored us and forced us to the side in the elevator while the equipment took up all of the space when they could have waited, we had a large roach in our room. bad experience!!!!Dear Guest,We apologize that you did not have a great stay with us. It is our goal to ensure that our guests have a great stay with us. We pride ourselves on getting it right for all of our guests and apologize that we did not during your stay with us. Thank you for letting us know and for sharing your comments. We will be sure to utilize your comments in our team meetings to further training in needed areas. We know that you have many choices to stay and we appreciate that you chose to stay with us. We hope to see you again soon.Sincerely, Patricia Kilgore
Stayed three nights while visiting Atlanta. Great hotel. Staff was professional and friendly. My room on the 8th floor was spotless and comfortable. Room was also very quiet. No issues. Breakfast was ok the standard Hampton fare. Coffee was always hot and fresh. Hotel also had ample parking and a shuttle service which seemed busy from what I saw. Hotel is near plenty of restaurants and also very near the Perimeter mall. When in the area I would stay here again. I think I found my new go to hotel in Atlanta. I would recommend an upper floor over lower as hotel is right off the highway. But 8th floor was very quiet. One thing I did notice in my room was some of the furniture looked bit worn in spots. Probably from wear and tear. I am looking forward to the new Hampton Inn currently under construction down the street opening soon.Dear Mark H,Thank you for staying with us at the Hampton Inn Atlanta perimeter Center. Thank you for taking the time to write your review of our property. Your your comments are very much valued. We appreciate your comments regarding our customer service and our hotel. Our staff members take their roles in our industry very seriously and try, every day, to provide that quality customer service that our guests expect. We will be sure to share them with our team.We are also happy to announce that our hotel will be going under renovation soon. We hope that when your travels bring you back to our area that you will choose to stay with us again.SincerelyPatricia KilgoreGeneral Manager
I'm a frequent traveler, mostly for business, and stay with Hilton-brand hotels about 90 of the time. I needed a local hotel near a facility I was spending a lot of time at recently, so I chose this Hampton.The rate was nothing to write home about...high for a Hampton in most places (165/night) but it was convenient to where I needed to be.Where do I start The rooms are old and worn...bed quality was fair, at best, with no choice of pillows except for feather-stuffed (I really need something with more support.) The hotel Wi-Fi is probably the WORST I've experienced at any hotel anywhere in the US...constantly dropping signal...poor strength...just really frustrating!And then, to top everything off, my schedule changed and I was able to depart a day early, but because (despite my HHonors status) I checked out at 11 minutes past 3PM...I had to pay for the entire next night. Now, I would have been fine with a late-checkout fee...no problem...but an entire night's cost---just ridiculous and something I have NEVER had happen at any other Hilton-branded hotel anywhere.Just bad all the way around! Very disappointing to say the least!Dear Mike C,Thank you for staying with us and letting us hear your comments concerning your recent stay with us. We are excited to announce that our hotel will be going under renovations in 2016. Our company is constantly adding upgrades and improvements to our hotel to ensure that we stay competitive in our market. Our hotel is currently in the process to complete new installation of the internet service running new wiring throughout the hotel for the new service that will take place in February. We apologize for the inconvenience with the interruption of service during your stay with us. We know that not having a good internet connection is very frustrating and apologize for the inconvenience. Mr. C, In regard for your checking our late on your last day with us I have taken off your charges for the one night. We appreciate your loyalty to our hotel and the Hampton Brand. We hope that when your travels bring you back to the area that you will choose to stay with us again. Sincerely,Patricia Kilgore
Granted, we were spoiled when this location was farily new however, it is now past time to update! Stayed this past weekend and was disappointed as it was no where close to being what it had been. Carpet is extremely dirty and frayed. Towels are getting rough and scratchy. Wall lamps not working, refrigerator not working, several wall outlets not working. Because of these issues I will probably stay at the brand new Fairfield Inn on Hammond next trip.Dear Guest, Thank you for staying with us and letting us hear your comments concerning your recent stay with us. We are disapointed that you didnt feel that our hotel was not up to your past visits concerning our location. Our company is constantly adding upgrades and improvments to our hotel to ensure that we stay competitive in our market. We hope that you will give us another opportunity and stay with us again.
Our softball team stayed here and had a great time. Shuttle the hotel provided was very convenient. Staff was very nice and gracious! Will definitely stay again!
We stay at Hampton Inn's often as they are usually decent and affordable. This was our worst experience by far. The room was not clean with visibly dirty pillow cases/sheets and a bath tub that would not drain. The breakfast was also not as quality as our other stays with a dirty serving area and uncooked eggs and sausage. The staff overall was nice and they did appropriately respond to our concerns but we will not be back.Dear Heather, TThank you for staying with us and your time and comments Please accept our sincere apologies for the drain in your room not be working properly. We appreciate your letting us know. The comments that youve raised concerning the items have been addressed with our staff, and I thank you for bringing them to our attention. Please accept our apologies for your inconvenience. Hilton Honor points have been issued to be put back into your account. We know that you have many choices to stay while in the area and we appreciate that you stayed with us. Sincerely, Patricia KilgoreGeneral Manager
I can only give you the advice to keep checking in with your reservation. Upon my arrival I had four rooms reserve for business and after we got there I had one. It seem the computer system had given three of te same confirmation out and the hotel was booked up. Other than that it seemed like a nice hotel.Dear Jason H,Thank you for writing a review about your stay with us here at the Hampton Inn-Atlanta Perimeter center. Thank you for your comments concerning your reservation confirmation number and apologize for the inconvenience.! Thank you again for staying with us and sharing your experience with this review!
I stayed here with my fiance on a one night trip to Atlanta. The rooms and bathrooms were nice (though the shower pressure in my particular room was not good, luckily I wasn't washing my hair so it wasn't a huge issue). However, the AC was really loud, and while it didn't disturb my sleep, it did wake my fiance up about 5 times throughout the night (whenever it came on), so he didn't sleep very well. I wanted to turn it to where the fan was always on but that didn't seem to be an option. The breakfast was also nice with a good selection of fruits and cereals (plus yogurt, bagels and waffles and things like that). I also like the nice, random touch of funny sayings in the elevator. My biggest issue come from the fact that I left a shirt in the room. It was a nicer brand and new top that was 75. I remember taking it out of my bag and draping it over the desk chair. I realized it when I got home and called, however, housekeeping had gone home for the day so I had to wait until the next day for answers. After 2 days of back and forth they told my fiance they couldn't find it anywhere. I know I left it there because we went from the hotel to straight home and neither of us had it in our bags and I remembered taking it out of mine. I'm sure it was swiped and I'm really upset that this would happen at a Hilton-based hotel. Sadly, this left me with a bad impression on an otherwise decent hotel.Dear Stephanie M,Thank you for staying with us at the Hampton Inn Atlanta Perimeter Center. We appreciate your time and review of your stay with us. I have tried to look up your reservation but with the limited information that we have I can not locate your stay with us. If you would please contact me personally I will be happy to address the issue stated in your review. Please contact me directly at 404 303 0014- so that I can look into this matter for you. I look forward to speaking with you sincerely, Patricia Kilgore General Manager
The stay was very comfortable. The breakfast left a lot to be desired, but the room was clean and fresh. The problem with the breakfast was that they did not refill anything. It was a busy weekend, so they needed to refill. There was nothing left at 8:30 a.m., which was an hour and a half before the breakfast ended. When the server was asked, she just looked at me and walked off. Unfortunately, she wasn't walking off to get more food. That was the only bad thing about the stay.Dear Penny P,Thank you for writing a review about your stay with us here at the Hampton Inn-Atlanta Perimeter Center. We are happy that you enjoyed your time with us Thank you for letting me know about the slowness at breakfast and that the breakfast attendant was slow to refill the breakfast in a more timely manner. Please accept our sincere apologies for the inconvenience. Thank you for letting us know of your experience. It is our goal to ensure that all facets of our guests stay with us are enjoyable. We look forward to seeing you again! Sincerely, Patricia Kilgore.
I've stayed at tons of Hamptons and this is one of the nicest I've been at. Everything was very clean and it seemed the rooms had been recently redone. I agree with the other reviewer on the pillows - they were very lumpy but overall the room was nice. I had a king room that had a sofa with it, so that was a nice plus as you don't often see that at Hampton Inns.The staff were great - each morning they never failed to say good morning. The breakfast was also very good for being a Hampton breakfast. They had a rather large spread and everything was well-supplied. The lobby itself is very small, so the breakfast area can get crowded if the hotel is full.Overall it's a great option for the budget and very conveniently located.Dear Annelin PThank you for your kind comments concerning your stay with us. We are happy to know that you enjoyed your stay with us. It is our goal to ensure that all of our guests have a great stay with us. We hope that if your travels bring you back to our area that you will choose to stay with us again.
I booked my stay here for my birthday weekend March 28th-March 30th through booking.com The hotel was clean, and the front desk reps/cleaning crew was very nice and cheerful! The stay there wasn't bad at all, well....that's until I got home and two days later I check my bank account to see that I was charged for a total of 3nights instead of 2. When I called to inquire about this. I spoke to Jenny, the same nice,cheerful rep I saw when I checked in. I guess that was a front! She was very RUDE! She was talking over me and insisted it was a bank error and not Hampton Inn fault. She kept saying what does your reciet say I told her the recit states the correct amount, however, I was charged a addional night. She still was rude and nasty! I asked ti speak to the geneal manager, and she kept saying she was in a meeting. I told Jenny how this has compromised my account,and I need reinbursement. She hung up on me!! I will NEVER stay there again!! I advise everyone to check your account twice! They will jip you!!Dear Guest,Thank you for staying with us at the Hampton Inn Atlanta Perimiter Center. I am sorry that you felt that Jenny our guest service agent was rude to you. I personally looked at your account and you were charged the correct amount for your room. As per your request after speaking with you I called your bank and had them remove an aurthorization amount off of your account that your banking institution was holding. I am sorry that this was an issue while a guest at our hotel. We hope that this clears up any misunderstanding and hope that you will choose to stay with us again.
Another great stay. Excellent staff. Room was spotless and most of all quiet, I never heard a thing even though I was told they were sold out. My only recommendation is they improve the breakfast. It was quite poor considering the location and clientele. Very disappointed. Also this time coffee was out but a staffer came quickly to the rescue. Second day same thing the high octane coffee was out. But as I told the staff I will be back as I visit Atlanta several times a year. Keep up the good work.Dear Mark H,Thank you for staying with us at the Hampton Inn Atlanta Perimeter Center. Thank you very much for posting a review regarding your stay with us. We appreciate the compliments and your comments about our complimentary breakfast. The Hampton brand is consistently adding new products to our menus for our guests. We hope that you will come back and stay with us and see the added items that have been added. It is our goal to ensure that our guest have the best stay possible stay. We know that you have many choices to stay while in our area and we appreciate that you chose to stay with us. We hope to see you again soon.Sincerely,Patricia Kilgore Team
Like other Hampton Inns that I have stayed in, this hotel did not disappoint. The room and bathroom were clean (as it should be). The room had a nice decor. We stayed here to go to a New Year's Eve part at the Westin, and it was within a very short driving distance from it and other nice little restaurants. They had continental breakfast, which is always nice, unfortunately the waffle maker was broken (that's why I didn't give it an excellent rating!) I would definitely recommend this hotel to others who need a hotel in the area.
Clean, comfortable room in the Perimeter area of Atlanta. Close to the Mall, restaurants, and other shopping. Breakfast was typical for Hampton Inn. The staff was extremely friendly. We arrived very late at 2:00am and gentleman that welcomed us was outstanding. What a nice way to be greeted!Dear Kim W,Thank you for staying with us at the Hampton Inn Atlanta Perimeter Center. We appreciate your kind remarks and review of our hotel. We are happy to know that you enjoyed your stay with us. Thank you for your time in letting others know about your stay. It is our goal to ensure that all of our guests have a great stay with us. We hope that when your travels bring you back to the area that you will choose to stay with us again.
I never post stuff, so here it is...The hotel and staff were top notch, arriving to the smell of freshly baked cookies and complimentary bottle water was a nice touch. The continental breakfast the next morning was better than most. The issue is that some local hooligans decided to break into five cars Monday night around 10 p.m. I was promptly notified by the staff 15 minutes later that this occurred, and they have already called the police which was there in short order. The staff was courteous enough to vacuum the broken glass out of my front seat and help me bag the window to keep the elements out. Needless to say, I can't rate the sleep that I received on Monday night after being violated...because there wasn't any sleep. The day manager on Tuesday morning reviewed what limited video footage they had of the front door to no avail. I guess it's not their fault being Atlanta and all, but a 500 deductible still is 500 that I didn't want to spend to fix the glass and door frame. Well, there was a sign saying not responsible for vehicles left in the parking lot (right above my 2014 Truck) The parking lot was actually lit pretty well, I'd just expect full parking lot surveillance for us weary travelers. Yeah, you guys need to invest in cameras.Dear Aaron D,First and foremost, on behalf of the Hampton Inn, I would like to express my sincerest apology for the inconvenience you experienced in respect to your car being broken into. I assure you that our hotel have taken steps to ensure that this issue has been addressed with our local CVB and police department. It is very sad that our hotel along with several other businesses have experienced similar incidents and it was not just isolated to the area. Unfortunately in this day and time with random acts of car break-ins all over Atlanta we have taken the necessary steps to prevent it from happening in the future. Thank you for letting us know that our team was accommodating and helpful.Once again we are truly sorry for your experience.Sincerely,Patricia KilgoreGeneral manager
This was my first stay at this location. Very nice. Friendly staff, quick check in. Modern, bright and comfortable. I always key in on quality of the beds and HVAC. Both were very nice. Clean rooms. I would happily return.
I stayed at the Hampton Inn Atlanta-Perimeter Center for two nights and felt like I was staying at a Hilton compared to other much lower quality hotels I have stayed in for about the same price. My room was on the 8th floor. Everything about the hotel was fine, from the lobby, elevators, hallway, and the room itself. Breakfast was better than at most hotels and included hot food (that was different both mornings I ate there) and fresh cut-up fruit as well as the other usual breakfast items. I will stay here again and again.Thank you for your comments about you recent stay here at the Hampton Inn Atlanta Perimeter Center. I'm happy to hear that you enjoyed your stay. From our comfortable beds to the microwave and fridge in every room. We pride ourselves in having the best complimentary breakfast in the industry. We look forward to having the opportunity to serve you when your travels bring you back to the area.
My husband and I were looking for a relatively inexpensive way to stay near MARTA so that we could travel around ATL without using the car all the time. This location was near the Dunwoody stop. The hotel was also near a wonderful Persian restuarant - Rumi's Kitchen. All together, it was wonderful couples getawayDear Toni MThank you for staying with us at the Hampton Inn Atlanta Perimeter Center. We are happy to know that you enjoyed your stay with us and that our area to the Marta station was convenient for you and that you had a great get a way weekend. Thank you for your time in letting others know about your stay. We hope that when your travels bring you back to the area that you will choose to stay with us again.Sincerely,
Great value - more than expected.Every thing at Hampton Inn Perimeter was great! The staff was extremely friendly doing every thing they could to make our stay superb! The guest attendants at the front desk are very helptul! The bonus of the shuttle for close proximity was a great help! The breakfast staff kept up with keeping all breakfast items readily available, which is a great feat when the hotel is sold out and breakfast area is attacked by 4 different teams. Rooms just renovated, fridges in each room. Large breakfast area to relax. Meeting rooms available to hold team meetings.Coffee and tea is available 24/7.
I've stayed in Atlanta two years ago at one of the more expensive hotels it was a night mare. But this week end at Hampton was great!!! Rooms were clean, front desk personnel were great and very helpful and the breakfast was delightful. An over all great experience will try them again.
Great place for a small business meeting. Maim was very instrumental in getting us all set up. He made sure we had everything we needed throughout the weekend stay. The meeting room was perfect for our needs and reasonably priced.Dear lmtmassage,Thank you for staying with us at the Hampton Inn Atlanta Perimeter Center. Thank you for sharing your experience with the Trip advisor community. What wonderful compliments! Thank your for recognizing Niam our sales coordinator who helped you with your meeting. We will be sure to let hime knw of your kind comments. We work hard to provide the very best customer service and it is always great to hear such positive feedback. Im happy to share your comments with our entire staff. We know that you have many choices to stay while in the area and we appreciate that you chose to stay with us. We look forward to seeing you again when your travels bring you back to our area. Sincerely,Patricia Kilgore Team Hampton Inn Atlanta Perimiter Center
My wife had a 4 year old child in Scottish Rite's ICU following a palette repair surgery. This hotel is in very close proximity to the hospital. We walked into the hotel around 10:30pm after a long day of surgery. We were met by a wonderful staff that had our room keys ready, 2 bottles of water, and we didn't have to fill anything out. We were in our rooms within a few minutes of pulling in the parking lot. The hotel was very clean and we were always met by friendly staff members as we came and went over the 2 days we were in the hotel.Dear CP171717,Thank you for staying with us at the Hampton Inn Atlanta Perimeter Center. We appreciate your time and comments concerning your recent stay with us. We are happy to know that our location worked out for you and your family. We hope that your child is recovering from their surgery and is well on the way to recovery.We know that you have many choices to stay while in our area and appreciate that you chose to stay with us. We hope that if your travels bring you back to our area that you will choose to stay with us again.
From the very first second we arrived we knew this was going to be a great place to stay. We were in Atlanta for a baseball tournament and had to stay at a property recommended by the tourney host. Well it was horrible from the staff to the accommodations. This Hampton was the bomb so if you have a chance... More
I have never stayed at a hotel with such great service. Clean rooms, friendly staff, everything was awesome! I will return to this place next time I'm in the area. From the breakfast hosts to the night auditor, the whole hotel smiled and said hello every time you walked by. This is why I love the south, the hospitality!Dear Thomas R,Thank you for staying with us at the Hampton Inn Atlanta Perimeter Center. We are happy to know that you enjoyed your stay with us. Thank you for your kind comments concerning our staff and service. It is our goal to ensure that all of our guests have a perfect stay with us. We know that you have many choices to stay and appreciate that you chose to stay with us. We hope that when your travels bring you back to the area that you will choose to stay with us again.
Location and value was great, would definitely recommend this hotel and return, and the staff were so helpful to my grandsons and me, the breakfast selections were plentiful and delicious, the beds were so comfortable Thank you for your review of the Hampton Inn Perimeter Center. I am pleased to hear you enjoyed your stay and I will let the staff know that they helped you have a great stay with us. All of us at Hampton are passionate about hospitality and we hope to see you again soon.
Room not ready 8p at night. No discount offered or even a bottle of water. Waited for another hour. Front desk attendant was rude and non-apologetic. Would never stay here again. Management issues that need to be resolved. Guest V1081EXjenniferv,Thank you for your recent stay at the Hampton Inn Perimeter, and most importantly for completing our survey. We apologize that your stay was not pleasant and that our accommodations and services did not meet your expectations. Also, our team would like to further extend its apologies for the extended wait for your room, and the lack of service you received, while this matter was being resolved. Therefore, since we, at the Hampton Inn Perimeter, are committed to our guests satisfaction, please let us know if there are any possible ways that we might improve our operations for our guests.We wish you the best in your business and personal endeavors.Thank you for staying at our hotel. We understand that you have multiple choices while in the area and we appreciate that you chose to stay with us. Sincerely,Andreu HallGuest Service RepresentativeHampton Inn Perimeter Center404-303-0014
This Hampton Inn was one of the nicest low-cost hotels I've ever stayed in. I got a tremendous price through hotels.com. Comparable rooms at other hotels usually cost almost twice as much. The room appeared to have been recently modernized, with updated furnishings, appliances, wide arc shower curtain, etc. The mattress was in great shape too. The room was very clean. The surrounding neighborhood includes a small park, and many good restaurants in walking distance (although its a very busy road). The included breakfast was great ... with several hot choices, such as waffles bagels topped with eggs, cheese and bacon and home fries. There was also a good assortment of yogurts, fruits, cereals, pastries etc... plus hard boiled eggs. The breakfast room was well-staffed and well-supplied.If you need a place to stay on the north edge of the city, I highly recommend this hotel. If you need to be in midtown, or on the south end of Atlanta, it would not be the best location.
Average Hotel, Nothing walking Distance, Mediocre Amenities, Okay Breakfast I didn't hate the hotel but it was nothing to brag about. The rooms and bathrooms were clean and they restocked everything daily. The staff was nice and accommodating. The workout room was nothing fancy but very nice to have since many places do not.Dear Sara,Thank you for staying with us at the Hampton Inn Atlanta Perimeter Center. Thank you for staying with us at the Hampton Inn Atlanta Perimeter Center. We are happy to know that you enjoyed your stay with us. Thank you for your time in letting others know about your stay. It is our goal to ensure that all of our guests have a great stay with us. We hope that when your travels bring you back to the area that you will choose to stay with us again.Sincerely,Patricia Kilgore
Rude customer service at check in even for a Hilton Diamond Member,noisy, only 1 elevator working. Large group of over 100 plus in the hotel breakfast area making it impossible to even grab a cup of coffee. Worst hotel in 11 years of business travel. Thank you for sharing your comments regarding your recent stay here at the Hampton Inn Atlanta Perimeter Center. Thank you for being a Diamond Member. Please except my apologies on behalf of our entire staff that our hotel while normally is quiet and busy, the hotel was noisy during this groups stay. We did have 5 bus tours of guests who were attending the International Rotary Convention. Sorry for the inconvenience that you were not able to get in to get your coffee during the peak time from in which most of the group had previously arrived. Once again my apologies , I hope that you will give us another opportunity to win you back. We do appreciate your business and we want you back with us.
Members from our dating website met in Atlanta as a meet and greet to get to meet each other face-to-face. We gathered at the Hampton Inn. The hotel was clean, the room in good shape, the bed was very comfortable. The hotel staff was courteous. I only had two issues during the weekend: 1. the commode flush handle was broken. I contacted the main desk and maintenance was up shortly and repaired it. 2. Wireless Internet. As an HHonors member, I was entitled to complementary wireless internet connection. The network was difficult to get logged into and stay logged in. Connections were regularly dropped forcing me to constantly re-log in if I wanted to transact anything via the internet. Connectivity was better in the lobby, but by no means solid. I would stay here again, assuming the internet issues get resolved soon.Dear Bruce P.Thank you for letting us know that you enjoyed your stay with us and that our team was helpful and accommodating. We apologize for the internet interruptions during your stay with us. We are currently getting a state of the art upgrade on our internet service. We understand how important it is having internet access that will accommodate our guests needs. Thank you for your comments. We enjoyed having you and your group at our hotel. It is our goal to ensure that all of our guests are satisfied with their stay. We know that you have many choices to stay while in the area and we appreciate that you stayed with us, We hope that when your travels bring you back to the area that you will choose to stay with us again. Thank you for your time in letting others know about your stay with us. Patricia Kilgore and Team
It is worth the stay for a visit on business, family, or leisure. Sizable rooms and great amenities. We thoroughly enjoyed breakfast. For the price and location near ATL proper is worth this option. I wish they had popcorn and cookies for us as usual, but they were not ready.
My husband and I stayed at this hotel overnight. It is close to good restaurants, Perimeter Mall, and the Northside Hospital and St. Joseph medical centers. The hotel and room were clean but the hotel is dated. The elevator and hallways were dark, but the room in general was nice. The bed was very comfortable. The staff was also very... More
We were staying here for a seminar. I contacted the hotel and left messages for a return phone call for the seminar rate. I had to push to get a return call. Spoke with the sales manager and requested a room with a king bed. Upon arrival, they had booked us in a queen bed room. Staff was not friendly and we were told they were totally booked so were were stuck with the queen room. The hotel was noisy during the day due to construction and public bathrooms were out of order. I had asked for a bottle of water at the desk and you have thought I asked for the world. Not impressed at all.We're sorry we didn't provide the high quality of services you deserve. This is not typical of our hotel and staff, and we have addressed the issues you mentioned with the appropriate team members. We try to make each guest experience a great one at our hotel and your satisfaction is important to us. Thank you for your feedback and we hope you will give us another opportunity soon to make your stay the best it can be.
It was a great room, the area with its many shopping places was the best. Thinking of moving to that area. The hotel and staff was great. I have never stayed at a Hampton before. Hilton, yes. It was very nice. I was apprehensive at first but it was all good.
This stay was for my sister's birthday present and she enjoyed herself. Wonderful staff, great experience. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who travels in this area to stay here. Very Clean and staff is friendly and professional.
We have stayed in a lot hotels around the Perimeter Center in Atlanta. I thought I would try the Hampton Inn as the price was 65. The first thing my husband said the bathroom smells and that makes me think it might not be clean. I opened a sample perfume vial and that covered the odor. We were going to be out the room most of the day and evening and leave the next morning so we didn't ask to change rooms. The furniture was banged upped and looked as it needed to be replace. The carpet looked new. With all of the hotels around the area whose rates are under 100 on weekends we will stay somewhere next time.
The stay was enjoyable and staff very helpful. Jenny the hostess on duty upon arrival went beyond her duty to assist us.We were in town due to illness in the family and the location was near the Scottish Rite Children's Hospital.Dear Charles BThank you for staying with us at the Hampton Inn Atlanta Perimeter Center. We are happy to know that you enjoyed your stay with us. Thank you for your kind comments concerning our staff and service. It is our goal to ensure that all of our guests have a perfect stay with us. We know that you have many choices to stay and appreciate that you chose to stay with us. We hope that when your travels bring you back to the area that you will choose to stay with us again. Sincerely,Patricia KilgoreGeneral Manager
Overall my stay was awesome. The only complaint that I had was the fact that the beds were not as soft as I remember the Hampton Inn brand being. They were not horrible but I love feeling like I am on a bed of clouds and that was not the case this time. The service was great. Breakfast was amazingThanks for staying at our hotel. We're glad you had a taste of our warm, caring service. We look forward to welcoming you back.
Had to go to the Indian consulate so I stayed here. From my arrival at the dunwoody MARTA to return again these guys were the best. Their driver Quinn picked me up and dropped me off. He also took me over to the consulate. Their policy is to shuttle you within 3 miles. Arrival was superb too. Night manager had my Hilton honors number already pulled up. Breakfast setup was clean and they left the fruit bowl available all day.
Employees rude, not helpful. Drugs run amuck here. permanent residents are evil, carry guns, sell drugs, immoral sexual acts. Older property without updates. Air conditioning didn't work during my stay.
A transient welfare hotel without amenities of any kind, but once a week, non-scrub housekeeping. No elevators despite 5 floors, no handicapped access, despite ADA laws. A non-responsive corporate office for this multi state, chain of single rooms rented by the week is less than 5 miles away, at Paces Ferry Rd., so there's no excuse. They don't return calls or emails.Most employees here are pleasant, but as we all know, one incompetent individual can bring down a hard earned reputation. Reservations were not recorded by the woman, and repair orders went weeks unacknowledged, including toilet overflowing issues, electrical hazards of broken sockets and short circuiting of outlets and kitchen burners. Thankfully, we rarely cooked. Good restaurants chains in the area are a plus. No air conditioning in the room or repair effort in six months. Must be owned by a billionaire I'd suppose, since rooms lay vacant and Ms. Murphy has no problem sassing the guests or playing the slumlord.Holes in the walls, the room was infested with bed and other bugs, mice. A dirtier room I had never seen before. A few hired hands, paint, steamer, laundry bug spray clean up a place well, if you need a good location, at a cheap price, which is what we did. Your own stuff, can make it comfortable for an extended stay. Security personnel, Miss Melanie and manager are excellent, polite, reputable and we never had any valuables go missing during a year using this Piedmont Circle facility.
We first booked a king bed suite, room no 317 was allotted, that room was dark, full of bugs and cockroaches.. as the room was at the back side..later on we changed the room and got 251, which is on second floor and corner room. But it didn't have king bed. But it was very clean and bright..room service and house keeping service is not great. A few folks only do a great job, rest all are very slow and not up to the mark If you are an Indian, you will bump into a lot more in the hotel campus. We were new and we made many new friends there. Location wise its awesome. Publix is just next building. And you have other food joints too. Dunwoody station was nearby at walking distance.Sumana, we understand your frustration with regard to your first room and regret the inconvenience it caused. However, we are happy that our staff did their best to accommodate you. Nonetheless, we have discussed your comments with our housekeeping team, and we have altered our procedures so this does not happen again. We hope you will give us an opportunity to make this up to you for a future stay at Extended Stay America.Sincerely, Hotel Management
My husband was admitted to an Atlanta hospital. I needed a hotel close to the hospital at an affordable rate. I choose the Extended Stay on Peachtree Dunwoody. Im so glad I did. The staff was very helpful and were always available. I was a little nervous about staying alone but this hotel was quiet, well lite and I felt perfectly safe. My rooms, I stayed two different times, were spotless with plenty of towels and fresh clean linen on the bed . It was nice to have a living room to sit in and watch tv. Although I didnt cook it was nice to have the microwave and refrigeratorUnfortunately there will be more hospital stays in the future and this will be my hotel each time.Thank you for choosing Extended Stay America and for your awesome review. We are delighted to know you were overwhelmed not only with our outstanding hospitality and convenient location but also with the value we offer. Thanks again for all of your great feedback. We look forward to welcoming you and your husband back. Sincerely, Hotel Management
The location was perfect, and the room I stayed was very clean and spacious. The majority of the staff at the front desk was helpful EXCEPT two women. (the one that usually works in the morning (Katalina), and the African lady that works at night after 11pm). Both have ghettoish attitudes, and they argue with customers. They must be miserable with their lives, but they should not take their misery out on customers. This hotel is located in one of the prime areas in Atlanta, near a few big corporations, and it's unfortunate that you have these classless women, who are both extremely unprofessional working at the front desk at this particular location. They are a bad representation of your company -- no class at all. Two bad apples ruins the bunch. I give this place two stars. Hire people more professional people with better customer service skills.
Extremely satisfied with my stay. Staff is polite and the room are in great condition. The rooms have a microwave, refrigerator and cooktop so that's definitely a plus. If we are ever in that area again I know where I'm staying.Thank you for being our guest at Extended Stay America. We are delighted to know you and your family enjoyed the time with us and that our associates left you with a good impression of our hotel. We work hard to provide high levels of service, so we will share your compliments with the team to let them know their efforts are appreciated. Thanks again for your feedback, and we look forward to serving you again soon!Sincerely,Hotel Management
Don't stay here. Housekeeping seems to be useless, you can find dirt everywhere and staff is really unfriendly. I stayed here for two weeks and couldn't wait to run somewhere else. Besides no amenities in the hotel. Look for other options.Thank you for telling us about your stay. We are disappointed to hear that you did not have an enjoyable experience with us. Please accept our apologies. We will work with our housekeeping staff to ensure all areas of our hotel meet our standards moving forward.Thank you again for your feedback. If you would like to discuss this further, please do not hesitate to contact us personally at PER2extendedstay.com. We hope that you will give us the opportunity to provide you with a better stay the next time you're in the area.
Hello Travelers! I recently stayed at Homestead Perimeter for 3 weeks and my travel mate and I had a very satisfactory stay. Before coming to Atlanta I checked out the internet for hotels and reviews and decided that the Homestead was the best place to stay for our purposes. After reading some of the reviews we were apprehensive but, never experienced or saw the problems some of the reviewers complain about. We were treated in a cordial southern hospitality manner every time we went to or spoke with office staff. Our quoted rate and the bill we paid were exact. Clean towels and other necessities were plentiful. The grounds were clean, safe and comfortable. Our room was just what we expected. Fellow travelers staying here were pleasant and quiet. The Homestead was very convienent for that part of Atlanta ajacent to the Publix , Rite Aid, fast food. Walking distance to MARTA, just 2 or 3 blocks from the Perimeter Mall.Thank you so very much for your glowing review of Homestead Atlanta - Perimeter. Whenever I read comments like yours it always gives me such great pleasure. My entire staff strives to make every guest's stay totally enjoyable, and our greatest reward is validation that we've done just that. Please know that we would be thrilled to have you again as our guest should your travel needs bring you back to our area. Once again, thanks for all of your very kind words.
I stayed in this place for 2 weeks, the staff is peculiarly rude. They don't understand the meaning of hospitality. Given the fact it's an extended stay, still the front desk, housekeeping is expected to be a little polite. On my check out day since my flight was in the afternoon I requested for an hour extension given the fact that their check out timings are 11 am, but, inspite of my requests and over looking the fact that I had already been there for 2 weeks, they rudely turned down the request. Special mention of the lady at the front desk.I recently received a copy of your review of our hotel. Our company prides itself on providing great service and great rooms at great rates, which is why I was so disappointed to read your post. Please accept my most sincere apologies.I do appreciate the opportunity to provide an explanation regarding the issue you described. I truly understand your aggravation and the inconvenience you experienced. The circumstances you have detailed are, of course, unacceptable and highly regrettable. It is our goal to provide a pleasant and relaxing environment where our guests can feel at home when theyre away from home. And we recognize that in order to achieve that goal, we must provide outstanding service. As this hotel's Manager, I have spoken with housekeeping and the rest of the staff to ensure that a situation like yours does not happen again. Let me apologize again that your stay was not completely satisfying, and assure you that we will continue to listen to our guests in forums like this one or directly (please visit our website and click the Contact Us link at the bottom of the page). I hope that you would give us the pleasure of having you as a guest again at this hotel or any other brand locations in the future.
The hotel is good.. more of an inn.. the rooms are big and a family of 4 can easily stay.. got 2 bathrooms to suit 4 people .. TV .. Internet etc. You could cook your food which helps save a lot of money.. a little far off from downtown so a Car is must. Was there for 3 days and at the price could stay there for months.
My stay was awesome. Even through the were sold out the night before they were able to get me into my room early. The hotel was close everything I needed. Super clean along with great customer service.Christopher, thank you for choosing to stay at Extended Stay America - Atlanta - Perimeter - Hammond Drive during your visit to Atlanta. We are delighted to know our service impressed you and that our location was perfect for your needs. We are pleased to know you had a comfortable stay and look forward to welcoming you back!Sincerely,General Manager
It is interesting and unique that within a 5 mile radius there are around 4 Extended Stay Americas, not sure how different they are but it is worthwhile to look at the reviews and see what people have to say as they are not exactly the same, you should always check the type of rooms available at any given time as they do vary and of course the rate. The one that I stayed in was clean, modern and fine for one night or one week. I did not participate in the Free Breakfast as I woke up to late, There is free parking and if you miss breakfast there are plenty of places for breakfast or lunch nearby, This hotel is around 6 minutes or less from the main highway. I would stay here again.Thank you for being our guest at Extended Stay America. Its nice to know you enjoyed your time with us and were satisfied with all that we have to offer. We value your feedback and look forward to hosting you again soon.Sincerely,General Manager
My husband was staying in this hotel for a bushiness trip. His work had selected it because its a long term stay setup. I found it clean and well located. There is a grocery store and restaurants within walking distance. The room had a small kitchenette and small eating area. The hotel is not overly fancy and does not have a lot of perks like a gym or pool. But its clean and located near the Perimeter mall. The area was also great for walking around and seemed pretty safe.I would like to personally thank you for taking time out to write such wonderful things about your experience at Homestead Atlanta - Perimeter. Our hotel is totally committed to the satisfaction of every guest who walks through our doors, which is why it is so rewarding to get feedback like yours it tells us that we are delivering on that commitment. We strive to provide a home away from home experience for all of our guests, no matter if they are staying for a night, a week, or a month. It sounds like we were able to do just that for you, and we are truly honored for your recognition. Once again, I and the entire staff at our hotel thank you for your very kind words, and we'd love to see you here again. Please don't hesitate to call on me for your future stays here or at any other Extended Stay Hotels(sm) location.
The room is small by Extended Stay standards, dated decor and amenities, no coffee facilities, cleanliness questionable and not a single cup, glass or dish in the place. There were two bottles of beer which was useful but left by the previous occupant.
I booked this hotel due to believing the 700 hotel nationwide presence can screw up in such a big manner. the sofa pull out couch is filthy broken No utensils in the kuchen AC filter accumulated dust about an inch. Missing one portion of the window a kid can fall out of it AC being not effective The management does not care no body responded to the maintenance call for more the 48 hoursYour review for our hotel was recently brought to my attention. I sincerely apologize that your stay with us did not meet our companys high standards. To ensure that a situation like yours doesn't happen again, I will be making sure we are thoroughly inspecting rooms before guest arrivals. While we no longer keep dishes in guest rooms, these items are available upon request at the front desk. Moving forward, I will make sure we are clearly communicating our amenities. Thank you very much for bringing this to our attention. To discuss further, or if you have any questions, please contact me at PERextendedstay.com. Thank you for choosing Extended Stay Hotels. We hope we have the opportunity to see you again in the future.
Found two cockroaches, bed was basically springs and a sheet of cotton. No shampoo, and the was no drain stopper (PROBABLY WHERE THE COCKROACHES CAME FROM) i kept on waking up every hour just make sure that there were no bug on or around me. PLEASE DON'T STAY HERE luckily they were able to refund my second night. not worth itI recently received a copy of your review of our hotel. Our company prides itself on providing great service and great rooms at great rates, which is why I was so disappointed to read your post. Please accept my most sincere apologies.I am truly sorry to read about the situation you experienced while staying at our hotel. We are routinely praised for our service, cleanliness, rooms, and exceptional rates, so it is with the utmost seriousness that I regard your comments. I can assure you that your remarks will be fully researched and all results will produce prompt actions by our management team. As a company, we will continue to make offering clean, comfortable hotel suites at affordable rates our priority.Let me apologize again that your stay was not completely satisfying, and assure you that we will continue to listen to our guests in forums like this one or directly (please visit our website and click the Contact Us link at the bottom of the page). I hope that you would give us the pleasure of having you as a guest again at this hotel or any other brand locations in the future.
At first we were not sure about staying here because of the area. Once we entered the hotel and met the manager we felt very comfortable and safe. This hotel is very clean and the rooms have plenty of room. The staff was very friendly and were always there if we needed anything. The manager was awesome!!! Very nice place...Dear Guest,We appreciate and thank you for your kind and pleasant feedback, which indicates to us that were on the right track in meeting guest needs and exceeding expectations. Specifically, Im pleased that I was personally able to do so much to contribute to the pleasantness of your stay. Its our pleasure to serve you and we want to invite you to stay with us again. We look forward to doing a great job for you again.Sincerely,Hotel Manager
The area around the hotel is fairly rough. However, worth the effort - the hotel is clean, newly renovated, and the staff is great. The best part is that one of our family members left his laptop behind in the room, and only realized it two days later. One might think that was the end of it. But V.J. went above and beyond to work with UPS for multiple requested pick ups, and returned the laptop in perfect condition!! Great job and you can't ask for better, more honest and hard working staff in any hotel - anywhere.Dear Valued Guest,At the outset,many thanks for choosing the Quality Inn Suites Atlanta.Glad to note that you found the hotel and the staff very nice and helpful.The morale of our hotel staff shall boost after your comment on VJ.We have conveyed your wishes to VJ and congratulated him for his honesty and trustworthy hospitality.We look forward to see you again soon.Sincerely,Hotel Manager.
We travel to Six Flags over GA pretty frequently. This was our first and last time for staying at this hotel. I'm generally a 4-5 star reviewer of hotels, with the occasional 3 star, here and on Trip Advisor, but this was my worst experience. There are plenty of problems with this place, but I'll start with the pros:Pro: Location to 6 Flags and room comfort. Both of these and parking were fine.Cons: It is not an overstatement to say this was the worst check in experience I've ever had, and not one interaction with staff the rest of the stay would change that. From walking into the hotel to check-in to finally walking into my room was probably 45-60 minutes, and when you are traveling with family, it's late at night, and you have to get up early, that's 45 minutes you can use. I walked in to the hotel, and I was probably 3rd or 4th to check in, and the line never moved as it took them forever to resolve what appeared to be simple problems. I don't know what the other customer issues were, but they weren't the problems. By the time I got there, I could see why it took a long time. A routine check in with reservations took longer here then anywhere else. When I did finally get my room keys, I go up to room with family who have been waiting WAY TOO LONG, and the keys don't work (and yes, I've stayed in enough hotels to know how to use hotel key cards). So after trying for several minutes, I go back down to front desk, wait in line for about 5 more minutes for the two workers to take care of routine check ins, and have the worker re key the cards again (and this time I watched to make sure he did them, and they did work when I returned to room).In my room, I check the safe, and on the safe it has the note about if you don't want to be billed for not using the safe, tell front desk on check out. So the next morning, I tell front desk we didn't use the safe, and yet, he still put it on my bill and would not remove.And this is why I think it is a Quality Brand issue. They aren't checking on their hotels at all. This comment has been made repeatedly on this website and the Choice Hotels website, but it is a problem.On the 3rd floor, the elevator has only 1 button, since you can only go down, but the arrow points up (little thing that make no difference on my stay, but demonstrate lack of care). The privacy door latch was put up backwards, so that it couldn't do anything to keep someone from opening the door. These lack of attention to details isn't a big thing by themselves, but the accumulation of them is a general sloppiness in maintenance that is apparent.Dear Guest. I would like to personally apologize for the series of unfortunate incidences that you experienced during your stay with us. We continually try to do our very best for all of our guests, but unfortunately, sometimes we do fail. I will look into each issue that you have noted, in an attempt to correct and improve our hotel policies. Sincerely, Hotel Manager
The staff at the Quality Suites were excellent, we had a suite and it was clean and nice, the breakfast was great, and the overall feel of the hotel was very welcoming!!! We will definitely stay again for our next trip to Atlanta.Dear Kristi,Thank you once again for taking the time to leave us such lovely reviews.We are so pleased we were able to make your visit with us a pleasant one, and that you felt so welcome. We definitely strive to make sure each and every guest has a similar experience during their stay.We hope to see you for next years market, and for many years to come!Sincerely,Noelle TaylorFront Office ManagerQuality Suites-Buckhead Village
We have just arrived and are so upset that our stay is here. We also booked with 3 other couples so finding a hotel that can take us all seems to be impossible. The bed is soft and lumpy. The phone another guest described as all the buttons were broken and the hotel responded they remedied it must have been placed in our room. I signed a waiver I'd pay a fee if we smoked in the room. I hope the previous guest was charged because the room stinks. When I booked last October guests reported renovations going on. I thought by July it would be completed. They are still renovating and the hot tub is closed. Our kitchen looks like the material was saved from the 70s. One review said hotel will be nice when renovations are competed written in 2012, 3 years ago. Sad start to our vacation. Front desk staff said she's the only one here doing the best she can. No room changes available and no service.Cant sign in to wifi and shuttle service advertised is limited.Dear Sir or Ma'am,On behalf of our entire team, I would like to apologize for failing to exceed your expectations. Your satisfaction is important to us and we will be using the feedback you provided to make improvements to ensure we offer an exceptional experience for our guests in the future. I'd like to discuss your stay further so issues can be addressed directly, but I have no more information available to me. If you'd like, please give me a call at your convenience.Thank you again for your feedback, and I look forward to speaking with you.Sincerely,Noelle TaylorGuest Relations ManagerQuality Suites-Buckhead Village404-262-7880
This is probably my fourth stay here at this property. I have never had a b ad experience yet. I love it! Locatgion is perfect and the staff is always pleasant no matter what the situation. However, this time Oriana went beyond and above when somehow my reservation was cancelled. She accommodated me like no other. Thanks again for an amazing stay!!!!We very much appreciate and value your feedback and will share it with our team. Your survey responses will serve as encouragement to all of our staff as we strive to continuously improve the quality of our services to provide an exceptional experience for our guests. It is always a pleasure to receive positive feedback.Thank you again for sharing your experience, and we hope your next visit will be even more pleasant than the previous one.
This place is very nice, super friendly people. I would highly recommend for any one planning to stay in the area. Well situated in the heart of Buckhead, great restaurants all around. Place is bit old but well maintained. Rooms are spacious and well laid out. Make sure you say Hi to Cassandra, she is super friendly and is sure to make you laugh.We very much appreciate and value your feedback and will share it with our team. Your review will serve as encouragement to all of our staff as we strive to continuously improve the quality of our services to provide an exceptional experience for our guests. It is always a pleasure to receive positive feedback.Thank you again for sharing your experience, and we hope your next visit will be even more pleasant than the previous one.Sincerely,Cassandra LavieGuest Relations ManagerQuality Suites-Buckhead Village404-262-7880
The staff member Cheyenne was absolutely personable and helpful during my stay, She made sure my room was adequate and informed me of the happenings in the lovely area of Buckhead. If you make a reservation, Ask for Cheyeene.
I stayed in February 2013. The staff was friendly and helpful. The breakfast was nice, pastries, waffles, juice, bagels, etc. I saw other guests around the hotel that looked fine and some others that looked shady. The condition of the outside of the hotel could use some work. My room appeared clean and in good condition with the exception of stains on the carpet, a rocking toilet, and water stains in the cabinet under the sink. The rooms are spacious and really comfortable with two TVs. The location was great. It's really close to Piedmont St. and a really nice neighborhood. Not a far drive from the interstate. It's about 5-10 mins from Peachtree which has lots of shopping, dining, and entertainment. It's about 30 mins from the GA Intl Convention Center and the airport. I thought the hotel was a major bargain as I booked it on hotels.com for 63 but one major complaint was the lack of soundproofing. I had some obnoxiously loud people above me that appeared to be stomping on the floor for about 10 mins. I heard conversations in the room next to me. And I heard every person that went up or down the stairs outside my door.Thank you for your recent feedback of our property. I am glad to hear that you were pleased with the breakfast, helpfulness of our staff, and cleanliness of the room. I am also happy to hear that you found the location of our property convenient to shopping and dining. Hopefully you had the opportunity to sample some of the many fine dining establishments that are in close proximity of our hotelI am sorry to hear that you had issues with noise from the surrounding rooms and stairs. Unfortunately, we were unaware of these problems at the time so were unable to address them. We do always try our best to allocate rooms based on the nature of stay: business or leisure, to ensure our guests are as comfortable as possible. I hope you will give us the opportunity to serve you again in the future and make your experience with us a totally positive one!
We chose this hotel as it was convenient to get to the Atlanta Aquarium. We were impressed with all its features! The suite was reasonable in price, very clean, roomy, and had a very comfortable bed. We arrived in the evening. Lyneese was at the desk in the gorgeous, spacious atrium. She was so friendly. She microwaved a cup of water for me so I could have a hot cup of tea. She answered questions for us. The breakfast the next morning was exceptional and all foods were nice and hot (scrambled eggs, bacon one day and sausage the next). They had a pancake maker along with all the regular breakfast bread items plus fresh oranges and bananas.Dear Jan,Thank you so much for taking time out of your day, to review us and leave us such positive feedback following your recent stay with us.We are so pleased you enjoyed our hotel, from check in to breakfast, to our accommodating room set ups!I will pass on your kind words to Lynice, and we are happy to know she was helpful while you were with us. We look forward to seeing you again, the next time you're in the Atlanta/Buckhead area.Sincerely,Noelle TaylorFront Office ManagerQuality Suites-Buckhead Village
We were pleasantly surprised to get such great accommodations for the price we paid. The suite had 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a living room and a full kitchen. Each bedroom and the living room had TVs. The room and the grounds were well kept the area was quiet in spite of being on Pharr Rd. The staff was friendly and helpful. Anyone staying in Atlanta would do well to check out this facility.Thank you for your positive feedback of our property, We greatly appreciate it. We hope you choose the Quality Suites Buckhead Village for your future stays in the Atlanta area. Thank you so much and have a great week!Cassandra LavieGuest Relations Manager
Our group stayed over a weekend for a trade show.Overall it was just an OK stay. Pool was closed. Gym was ok.The room smelled fine but when we returned in the evening it began to smell kinda moldy. Our TV was vintage 1990's and matched the rest of the room.In the morning we went for breakfast and they ran out of food for a good 15 minutes. Everyone ate cereal and got out out. It's a hotel. They have a breakfast rush every morning. I would expect there to be someone monitoring the food.On the other hand the Coffee was great! They also have a pancake machine! For triple digits I'm disappointed with the stay. Will stay elsewhere next time.Dear lllClifflll,Thank you for choosing the Holiday Inn Express Buckhead and for sharing your experience with us. Sorry to hear you did not have a completely satisfied stay. We do apologize for any inconvenience caused at the breakfast. This is certainly not a norm for our hotel and we would definitely look into that. Again, we thank you for your feedback and hope you'll give us another chance to welcome you back and see how we have improved. Sincerely,Lin S.IHGCare
It was an amazing stay as usual. Customer service is A++. Shane at the front desk is awesome and friendly. The manager Noelle is a breathe of fresh air.The rooms are spacious and clean. I do recommend.Dear Sevenclicks,Thank you so much for your kind review of our hotel and our staff, myself included. We strive to make sure that each and every guest has an exceptional stay while with us, and it is evident that we have done so during your visit. Your feedback will be shared with Shane, as well as the entire staff, so they will see just how important providing superior customer service can be! We hope you will choose to stay with us again the next time you are in the Atlanta area, and have a great day.Sincerely,Noelle TaylorFront Office ManagerQuality Suites-Buckhead Village
Let me start out by saying that my buddies and I always stay at this hotel because of its location and how spacious. the room offer a lot of space and we like the fact that they have 2 bedrooms and 2 baths. the employees at the front desk were cordial and checked us in quickly. when I got up stair to the room, I immediately checked to see if the heat and hot water was working. i had read in a previous review that a guest was placed in a room that didn't have heat or hot water. I was fortunate because mine were working fine. although the maid service came in every morning to change the linen and towels, they don't dust, sweep or clean at all. fortunately for me, I travel with a can of Lysol and bought a spray bottle of bleach from the target up the street before using the tub or sink. I use the Lysol to spray down the mattress, linen in every hotel I visit, not just this one. I used the bleach to spray down the walls and tubs before utilizing them.the new dcor in the room is nice. the toilet in one bathroom shifted when a friend of mine used it. yes! the toilet actually moved while he was sitting on it. fortunately for us, there was another bathroom we could use and we did. the window in the room was broken. we opened the window but had to do some maneuvering to get it to close.the cleaning women do a deplorable job cleaning these rooms. in the room we were in, the top of the refridgerator had trash or some type of debris that should have been noticeable to the cleaning crew. also in the kitchen cabinet, there was an unused needle with an alcohol swab next to it.it they cleaned and dusted this hotel a lot better, im sure the reviews would be a lot better. this hotel is very affordable and its right in the heart of buckhead. any and everything you could possibly want is within a short distance.I would recommend travelers to stay here, just be prepared to deal with a room that is partially clean. but, is very spacious and in the heart of everything. I will, without hesitation, stay at this property again.Allow me to start by thanking you for acknowledging our front desk staff and Im very pleased to hear they were courteous and able to get you checked in expeditiously. I am however, sorry for the housekeeping issues you encountered once arriving to your room. We understand that sometimes guests feel better when they themselves do a little extra sanitizing of a room if you will, but it is our goal to make 100 sure that is never a necessity for a guest. We have spoken with our housekeeping staff and will be making the proper changes and ensure they are better trained on what needs to be done so our guests are satisfied. Thank you again for choosing to stay with us, as we know you have many options to choose from. We hope you will return again in the very near future.
Had a 2-bedroom and 2-bath suite. Full functional kitchen and a living room with sleeper couch. Older paint, wallpaper but clean with new, nice towels, sheets, bedspreads, toiletries.Tv in each bedroom and in living room. Free parking right outside our room. Close to restaurants and a quick mart. Nice complimentary breakfast and quick/easy check-in and check-out.Dear Cindy,Thank you for your feedback, following your recent stay with us. I'm so happy you enjoyed your stay, and all of our amenities. We strive to make each guest experience a superior one and hope you'll choose to stay with us again, the next time you're in the Atlanta area.Have a great day!Sincerely,Noelle TaylorFront Office ManagerQuality Suites-Buckhead Village
I just want to say this is not a 5 stars hotel but for my stay it was a 10 stars. The hotel met all my needs. Location, front desk staff, breakfast and the property was great. Now don't get me wrong there are so issues. I don't think anyone has clean the top of the refrigerator for 4 months and when I said the maids they were all short, so they could use a tall Quality Improvement supervisor to just do some inspection of the maids work. There is no elevator so either pack light or be prepared to walk up 3 store if you on the top floor. I was in the 2 bed room suite and let me tell you it was not a room, it was like an apartment and it was so nice to have both bedroom and 2 bathroom and a full kitchen. We had 3 old TV but they worked the pictures were clear. Didn't get to use the pool, but it looked nice. The area was quite and I felt safe. Lots of places to eat and shopping in the area.I am coming back the price, location and facility was great!Thank you for your kind review. Very nice to hear that you were pleased with our service and accomodations. We are looking into your comments regarding your room and our housekeeping staff has been informed to pay closer attention to high up areas. Thank you for allowing us to improve with your feedback. We hope to see you again very soon!
I made my reservations in June for an August stay and asked for a first floor room. Two weeks before arriving I called to confirm reservation and asked for a first floor room. Called the day of arrival again asking for a first floor room. When I arrived late, I was given a third floor room. This hotel has no elevator, so beware if you check in late you get the third floor. First come, first served. Being a Choice Rewards member also gets you nowhere for that first floor room. Told by hotel management at a previous stay last December an elevator was going to be installed. Still no elevator 7 months later and no sign of one being installed. Hotel is clean and is nothing special.On behalf of our entire team, I would like to apologize for failing to exceed your expectations. Your satisfaction is important to us and we will be using the feedback you provided to make improvements to ensure we offer an exceptional experience for our guests in the future.I hope that you will consider staying with us again so that we can have another chance to provide you with a superior experience. Sincerely,Cassandra LavieGuest Relations ManagerQuality Suites-Buckhead Village404-262-7880
Upon arrival the lady acted like it was an inconvenience to get up from the desk in the back and wait on my at the counter. She laid the keys on the counter while working and I noticed it said 222. I asked if that was second floor and she said yes. I told her I had requested a first floor when making the reservation two weeks earlier and she stated they didn't have any rooms on ground floor available very matter of fact. She continues with check in, never mentioned breakfast like they always have in the past. We unload and walk the small hike to the room. At 3:10 a.m. my husband jumps and startles me awake to find a rather large roach crawling on his face.He slaps the roach to the floor and chases it and gets rid of it. He calls the front desk to let them know what has happened and the man that answers the phone stated he would have maintenance take care of it the following morning. We then stay awake the rest of the night until time to leave for the hospital. He couldn't sleep thinking another roach was around there. I checked out the next morning and asked for the number to the corporate office and they never asked what was wrong, just told me they were owned by choice hotels. We have stayed at this hotel many times when it was Holiday Inn Express through my husbands illness we were in Atlanta a good bit off and on and never had a complaint but this was a very miserable night and we don't plan to stay at this hotel again. They could have at least acted like they cared about what was going on. This stay was on 7-17-2012.
Great suite style. Both living room with TV and full kitchen Then bedroom with full, bath and TV Very clean Nice tbreakfast Starbuck coffee Reasonable Staff is the BESTpool close to great restaurants and deluxe storescomfortable beddingThank you for choosing the Quality Suites Buckhead Village, we greatly appreciate the positive feedback. We hope to see you again soon!
Very reasonable price for a two bedroom, two bath suite! The suite was a teeny bit tired looking but it did not take away from its comfort and cleanliness. Breakfast had a variety of items and not just all carbs. Located in a quiet area. Parking is free. My OCD sister stayed with us and she was very happy with the suite. Good job Quality Suites!!!Dear Ms. Coleman,Thank you for taking the time to leave us such a nice review, following your recent stay with us.We strive to make sure every guest has a superior experience and we hope we were able to do so for you.I'm so happy you found our hotel to be so accommodating, and that we were able to meet you and your families needs.We look forward to having you stay with us again in the future, the next time you visit the Atlanta area.Sincerely,Noelle TaylorFront Office ManagerQuality Suites-Buckhead Village
For many years my husband and I have lived in Buckhead Atlanta GA but most recently we have been out of the area. On our returns we have been looking for a place to feel comfortable and at home. When we walked into this place it just felt right because of the warmth of your staff my husband and I looked at each other and we knew this is the place. JUSTINA with her expertise and charm made us feel welcome, she proceeded to allow us to look at one of your spacious suites in which we liked so much we are now staying an extra night and plan to be coming back next week to stay a couple of days. I would like to add ERIC was very helpful and efficient also on the following evening. The young man in charge of the breakfast did a wonderful job and everything was good. The people that stay here are very nice and pleasing addition to our stay.What a wonderful review! Thank you so much. It is always our goal to be a home away from home for all our guests, and I am thrilled that our staff were able to provide you with just that. We look forward to welcoming you back next week.
This hotel has the most customer service oriented employees, They all were so friendly! Kudos to managementMy room was spacious, clean and fit for my liking. The area is a must see in Atlanta. I will come to this location the next time I am in Buckhead.Marissawilliams12,Thank you so much for your'e kind words, we strive to make sure that every guest is comfortable while staying with us , hope to see you again soon in the not to distant future.Sincerely,Earth BillingsleaFront Office ManagerQuality Inn Suites Atlanta Buckhead
It is not the Four Seasons, but the rooms are clean, spacious, with 2 TVs (which is great if you are traveling with family) and they serve a great complimentary breakfast with eggs, bacon and sausages. Even waffles too. I want to personally thank Stuart at front desk who helped me carry my 6 very very large suitcases when I checked in and checked out!Thank you for your kind words. I am happy to read that you were very satisfied with our accommodations and breakfast. I will pass on your thanks to Stuart - I know he will appreciate the fact that you remembered and mentioned him. We hope to see you again soon!
I was intown with friends and family and this location was absolutely great. The weather was great, my room was very spacious and clean. The staff was extremely friendly all the way around and love the evening reception they had while i was there. I will be back on my next trip to Atlanta. Thank you for the great hospitality!Dear Markita,Thank you so much for leaving such a kind review, following your recent stay with us. We value you as a guest , and your feedback is extremely important to us.We strive to make each and every guest experience a superior one, and I hope we were able to do that for you. I am so happy to hear that our entire staff made you feel welcome, and that you enjoyed all our hotel had to offer.We look forward to having you stay with us again, the next time you are in the Atlanta area.Sincerely,Noelle TaylorFront Office ManagerQuality Suites-Buckhead Village
This hotel has the potential to be very good but is let down by an overall tired level of decor in most of the rooms. A wet bathroom floor from a persistently dripping toilet, doors that did not shut properly, odd holes and dents in doors and walls, stained carpets and so on. If you an overseas traveller and really need wi-fi then I'd suggest you go somewhere else. In a 3 week USA vacation this was the worst wi-fi ever. If you could get a signal then it would frequently drop out. The front desk was not at all sympathetic and frankly turned us off this place altogether - a real shame as it has potential. I hope the new owners are able to view what needs to be done from a customer perspective and it might improveDear RomanRemains,Thank you for taking the time to complete our online survey regarding your recent stay at our hotel. On behalf of our entire team, I would like to apologize for failing to exceed your expectations. Your satisfaction is important to us and we will be using the feedback you provided to make improvements to ensure we offer an exceptional experience for our guests in the future. Please know that our hotel is currently undergoing room upgrades and property beautification in order to better serve our guests. We hope you'll return again in the future, so you're able to enjoy these improvements. I will make certain our internet provider is made aware of the spotty reception you received, and will look into the response that you were given by our front desk staff.I hope that you will consider staying with us again so that we can have another chance to provide you with a superior experience. Sincerely,Noelle TaylorFront Office Manager Quality Suites-Buckhead Village
great breakfast,clean and hot food. love the pancake maker.my family enjoyed the separate rooms with kitchen and living room in middle.staff very friendly and helpful. nice and quiet complex. easy access to piedmont street that goes straight to down townDear Mstone6942,Thank you for taking the time to leave us such a nice review, following your recent stay.We strive to make sure each and every guest visit a superior one, and hope we were able to do that for you.I'm so pleased that our staff was helpful and friendly, and I'll be sure to pass on your kind words to everyone!We look forward to seeing you again in the future, and hope you have a great day.Sincerely,Noelle TaylorFront Office ManagerQuality Suites-Buckhead Village
We stayed in a suite that had 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, and slept 8. Our room was clean and the staff extremely friendly and helpful. I couldn't believe the space for the price. We were 15 minutes or so from all major attractions, breakfast was good, plenty of pillows, and the shuttle even helped with transportation needs. We had 3 kids and 2 adults, and would definitely stay here again when returning to Atlanta.Thank you for your wonderful review! Were delighted that you enjoyed all aspects of your stay at our hotel. We hope to have the honor of welcoming you back in the future!
Quality Suites Buckhead Village is located in a very nice area in Atlanta. It's near the 2 upscale malls. The American History Center is also nearby. Courteous and helpful staff. Bedroom is spacious. There's a kitchenette. Linens are clean. Bathrooms are clean. Has a pool. It's a three floor building without elevator. So ask a room on the ground floor if you have heavy luggage. Several choices for breakfast - tasty. Will definitely come back to stay here when in Atlanta. Dear Stregine,Thank you kindly for your feedback following your recent stay with us.We strive to make sure every guest experience is a superior one, and hope we were able to do that for you. We are glad you found our hotel so accommodating, and that you were pleased while you were with us.We know you have a lot of hotels to choose from, and thank you for choosing to stay with us. We hope you'll stay again, the next time you're in the Atlanta area.Sincerely,Noelle TaylorFront Office ManagerQuality Suites-Buckhead Village
I stayed here for my residency for school. I booked late, was traveling alone, and was nervous about the entire experience, but Sara made me feel comfortable, safe, and was extremely helpful. Initially, my room was on the back and I could not sleep so I was honest with her when she asked how was my stay so far. I told her I was scared all night. Without saying a word she changed my suite to one closer to the front. I can honestly stay I decided to stay there even after having the chance to stay where the residency was held because of Sara. I will definitely stay there again...checking to see if Sara is still there first. :-)Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback with us. I have shared your kind words with Sara and she joins us all in saying thank you. Your satisfaction is very important to us. Since you are familiar with our property, if you happen to check in and Sara is not here at that time. Just ask for your same room or one close to it. We love taking care of our guest.
Where can I start. We stayed here for 6 nights to have a grandson attend a course at Emory U. Good location not too far from the school, restaurants nearby and close to downtown Atlanta, but the place was a real dump!! The carpet was terribly stained. The kitchen old and outdated and we had to ask for pots/pans and after multiple requests they arrived the next day. There were only paper products, even though there was a dishwasher. After several requests, real dishes were supplied. Then when I went to use the dishwasher there was about 2 of brown water on the bottom. Ugh! No one every came up to fix this our entire stay. No cooking for us in this kitchen. Since we were here for an extended time I needed to use the laundry. Only 1 washing machine worked out of 2 and the dryers were old and rusty and the clothes were snagged on the cracked drum. Only used them out of desperation. There were 3 of us staying here and i had to ask for 3 sets of towels daily (only 2 were supplied) when we got home and were told towels were not available since they were washing towels at this time and would leave 3 sets the next day. One of us showered daily using a hand towel. Each day the situation repeated. When I was packing to leave a cockroach scampered across the floor. if I had seen this earlier in our stay we would have definitely left immediately. Do not stay here!! Management is pitiful!!Thank you for your review. I apologize that we failed to meet your expectations on your recent stay with us. I will address all the negative aspects of your stay with my housekeeping, maintenance, and front desk staff to ensure that these events do not reoccur in the future. Thank you for letting us know and hence allowing us to improve.
I have stayed at the property several times and both Ronda and Noelle Taylor make me feel at home when I arrive. I spend time in the lobby, the kitchen area and in the coffee bar and they have everything you need. I enjoy this property because the rooms are like apartments complete with living rooms and full kitchens!!!! I have stayed in the one bedroom King twice and the two bedroom Queen. I love them both but I have to say the two bedroom beats them all because it has two full bathroom and 3 TV's with a desk in one of the rooms. This is the perfect room for the business traveler like me because you can work and not disturb anyone else that may be staying with you in your suite. In addition the sofa in the living room folds out so you can bring the whole family for a weekend. This is an ideal location because it sits between Midtown and Buckhead, so there are restaurants, shopping in at least 2 major malls, The Marta which is the public transit system and rental car locations complete with exotic cars all within walking distance. I can't say enough great things about this property.Thank you for taking the time to complete our online review regarding your recent stay at our hotel.We very much appreciate and value your feedback and will share it with our team. Your review will serve as encouragement to all of our staff as we strive to continuously improve the quality of our services to provide an exceptional experience for our guests. It is always a pleasure to receive positive feedback.Thank you again for sharing your experience, and we hope your next visit will be even more pleasant than the previous one.
We thoroughly enjoyed our stay! After reading some of the previous reviews we we're extremely reluctant about staying here. However, we decided to give it a try and I'm glad we did. Upon arrival the staff was extremely courteous and had no problem allowing us to look at the room we would stay in before we checked in. Once checked in, we carried our bags up the stairs to the 2nd floor (there is no elevator), but we were prepared for that from reading a previous review. We had a two bedroom suite, with two bathrooms, kitchen (you just ask the front desk for cooking utensils, which they were glad to supply), living room, and desk (very spacious room). We were there for four days and three nights and we were disappointed that the pool wasn't opened untl that Friday evening (they were waiting on it to be inspected for whatever reason). The internet was a disaster to try and use but fortunately I could access my hotspot from my iphone. The TV's in the bedrooms were dated but they did have a flat screen in the living area. The matresses do need updateing, but the refrigerator, stove, and microwave were clean. All in all we enjoyed our stay and I really appreciated the friendliness of the staff
I have stayed at this hotel numerous times and feel like it is a very comfortable hotel at a very reasonable price. It is located in a unique wooded setting. On my most recent stay, Patricia was very helpful and considerate.Thank you for your comments on your most recent stay at the hotel. I thank you for recognizing Patricia and the quaint setting of the hotel and rooms. Thank you and see you again on your return trip!
This was my third time staying here. I never have any real issues and the staff is friendly. They offer a shuttle. I will continue to make this my go to for events in the Buckhead area. The ice machine in the in-room fridge wasn't working. Instead, they did have ice in gallon size ziplocks at the front desk. Problem solved! Thank you for taking the time to complete our online survey regarding your recent stay at our hotel.We very much appreciate and value your feedback and will share it with our team. Your continuous loyalty is recognized and we're glad to have your business. I will make sure I follow up with our maintenance team in reference to the ice makers. Thank you again for sharing your experience, and we hope your next visit will be even more pleasant than the previous one.Sincerely,LaToya WashingtonDirector of SalesQuality Suites Buckhead Village 404-262-7880
Staff is great, breakfast is good, loony is good, some sundries to buy which is helpful. Room is great. Two separate bedrooms with a living room and full kitchen between the bedrooms. Very nice, clean, comfortable.TV is antiquated.The one major thing to note, this is a three story hotel without an elevator. I had a bad knee and by the time I got to where my room was, I was not about to head back and check for ground floor accommodations.However, if you have any physical limitations, or are lugging heavy suitcases, just note you have to climb stairs to get to your room.The outsides are a bit worn. I have the feeling this was a condo that was converted into a hotel. The builder may not have been the best. Needs outside repairs, upgrading.I will stay there again but I will insist on a ground floor room.Thank you for taking the time to review our property. You will be pleased to hear that we are planning to install elevators in our upcoming renovation. We do always have a bellman on site to help our guests with luggage. Please be sure to take advantage of that service on your next visit.We hope to have the pleasure of hosting you again soon.
Comfortable. Reasonable price for location. Desk personnel very helpful. Quite feel for midtown Atlanta. Bedroom can be closed off from kitchenette/ living space which provides privacy but only bathroom only assessable from bedroom. Thank you for taking the time to complete our online review regarding your recent stay at our hotel.Your feedback is very important to us and we can assure you that we will use this information to do everything possible to create an enjoyable experience for each of our guests. We hope to see you again soon!Sincerely,Cassandra LavieGuest Relations ManagerQuality Suites-Buckhead Village404-262-7880
Stayed there for 3 nights and can't wait to get out. Upon check in, there was no smile, or welcome, front desk staff looked really tired. Upon entering the room, small pieces of trash found next to sofa and bed, sign of not vacuuming. Upon entering the bathroom, ultra small space, broken towel handle, only 2 towels on rack. No sheets for sofa bed although we stated the room was for 2 adults and 2 kids. Called for sheets and pillows, went out to dinner and back, still nothing. 9am, went to front desk to get our sheets. I mean, we really don't mind to stop by the front desk if the staff had told us that she's busy. Communication broken right there. Breakfast is nothing to write home about which we expected. Breakfast area very tight and small, if you're going to eat during busy time, go early, otherwise, no table for you. Next day went to visit Atlanta, came back at night found that both bed and sofa bed were made, satisfaction didn't last 2 seconds when seeing our pillows and our kids' stuff animals were on the floor. Obviously, the maid came to make bed, threw everything on the floor, and forgot to pick them up. But that also tell us how inconsiderate were they. Would you ever throw your bed pillows on floor, and Did I mention if they even vacuum. Would not recommend, there is Residence Inn just 2 minutes away. We didn't use their kitchen, so no commend on it, we just need a place a little bigger since we have kids.Thank you for your survey. I am truly sorry about your experience with our hotel. I will address all the matters you have detailed with housekeeping, front desk and food service. Again, I am sorry for not meeting your expectations.
We came here during our hurricane evacuation. The staff was so friendly and accommodating. The front desk clerk (Lynice) was genuinely nice and made me glad that we found this place. If you go, hopefully you have a chance to meet the housekeeper Latanya. She is one of the nicest people I have ever met. If not for evacuating due to Hurricane Irma we may never have known about this place but I can tell you we will definitely come back.Dear FLCAL,Thank you so much for allowing us to accommodating you and your family during the recent hurricaine. We strive to make sure each and every guest has a superior experience while here, whether it be for a vacation or something as unfortunate as mother nature.Thank you for your kind words regarding Lynice and Tanya, and I will definitely make sure to mention this to them. We value you as a guest, and are lucky to have such wonderful staff, who take great care of our guests.We hope to have you back in the future under better circumstances, and hope you didn't sustain any major damage from the storm.Be Well!Sincerely,Noelle TaylorFront Office Manager Quality Suites-Buckhead Village
The hotel was easy to find. Was greeted immediately by Noel when I arrived.The lobby is nice and smells great. The gift shop was accessible off the lobby.This location in Buckhead area offers easy access to the mall, restaurants, etc.My room was on the first floor - I could not get over how large the rooms were - an added perk. The housekeeping staff really takes pride in offering you a cleanguestroom. The breakfast offered in the lobby daily has alot to offer - you will not leave hungry. I also enjoyed the Wednesday night Manager's Reception - niceto see the ownership cares about the customer for a change. I will be back herethe cost was reasonable, the rooms are large and the location WOW ! They also offer two meeting rooms and an outdoor pool and patio area for you to enjoy. You need to check this hotel out.Thank you for taking the time to complete our online review regarding your recent stay at our hotel. Your feedback is very important to us and we can assure you that we will use this information to do everything possible to create an enjoyable experience for each of our guests. We hope to see you again soon! Sincerely, Cassandra Lavie Guest Relations Manager Quality Suites-Buckhead Village 404-262-7880
Family of 2 adults plus 2 kids visiting family nearby. We booked a 2 bed suite. It isn't luxury but hotel is good value vs more upmarket offerings in the area. We liked having the space - it is like a small apartment - 2 bedrooms, both queen beds, 2 bathrooms. Living area was great in the middle. Kitchenette useful but no crockery, glasses or cutlery apart from a few plastic ones which they gave new daily. We only really used the fridge. There was no corkscrew or bottle opener or other cutlery, no wash liquid or tea towel. Shame to have dishwasher and cooker but no proper plates etc. There were about 4 pans plus 2 cooking utensils. There was a large group staying so we had to avoid them for breakfast as not many tables but once they left we had a lovely quiet breakfast. Kids liked the pancake machine. Great buffet scrambled eggs and bacon and salty scones. Simple but enough. All very fresh and nicely prepared. We started off in room 16 but had to move to 23 after the air con stopped working. We actually preferred room 23 as had small breakfast bar with 2 stools and modern air con controls and a few more Windows. (room 16 had no breakfast bar so had to eat at desk taking turns!). Fresh clean linen and towels, comfy beds. No view of much from any room we had. We were up one flight of stairs. I preferred this to a ground floor one. Pool was shut whole time but not that warm so didn't matter too much but we did book here partly for the pool for the kids and nothing said on website about being shut. Staff friendly and helpful. Easy parking right outside. Carpets are dark which makes the rooms dark. The kitchens are dated and fridge a little noisy but it didn't bother us. Overall good for money especially with breakfast included for 4 people and wifi, it's not luxury but good enough for us if want to keep spend down. We didn't see any bugs - rooms immaculately serviced!Sent from my iPadThank you for taking the time to complete our online review regarding your recent stay at our hotel.Your feedback is very important to us and we can assure you that we will use this information to do everything possible to create an enjoyable experience for each of our guests. We hope to see you again soon!Sincerely,Cassandra LavieGuest Relations ManagerQuality Suites-Buckhead Village404-262-7880
Stay here every time we come to Atlanta. Within walking distance of a Marta station. And you can obviously Uber if you would rather. Good clean rooms for a decent price in the city. The staff is always helpful. Dear Chelsey,Thank you so much for your feedback following your most recent stay with us. We definitely strive to make each guest experience a superior one, and I'm happy to know we are your go to hotel when you're in Atlanta.We look forward to having you with us again, the next time you're in town.Sincerely,Noelle TaylorFront Office ManagerQuality Suites-Buckhead Village
This hotel was convenient to our points of interest: Atlanta History Ctr/Swan House/Marta/restaurants, etc. VERY reasonably priced...........great breakfast. 2bdrm suite with kitchen and living rm was well-appointed and comfortable. Another plus was the shuttle. Only suggestion: time to upgrade the sheets and pillows.........they were quite thin.Thank you for your feedback. We appreciate your kudos about our room, location, breakfast and shuttle, as well as also your comments about areas where improvements can be made. We would like to inform you that all our linens will be replaced in our upcoming renovations which we hope to begin within the next couple of months.We thank you for your business and hope to see you again soon!
My husband and I came to Atlanta for my birthday. It was supposed to be dinner and the comedy club, but he surprised me by letting me know he made reservations at this hotel for the night as well. When we arrived in the afternoon, we were greeted with a friendly welcome and smile by the Front Office Manger, Noelle Taylor, who took care of checking us in. After giving us our keys and explaining all of the hotel amenities, including the time for breakfast the next morning, she walked us to our suite. We had a very spacious and well appointed one bedroom suite. It had a nice living room with TV and couch, a desk area and a fully equipped kitchen with everything you would need if you wanted to cook. It had a large separate, closed off bedroom for privacy along with another TV, bathroom and full, walk in closet. It also included a safe for our valuables at no extra charge. This is a large hotel on a busy road in Atlanta, and you would never have known it by how quiet it was. We had a wonderful stay and would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.Thank you for taking the time to complete our online review regarding your recent stay at our hotel.We very much appreciate and value your feedback and will share it with our team. Your survey responses will serve as encouragement to all of our staff as we strive to continuously improve the quality of our services to provide an exceptional experience for our guests. It is always a pleasure to receive positive feedback.Thank you again for sharing your experience, and we hope your next visit will be even more pleasant than the previous one.
Stayed here on Thursday 8/25. Guy at check in showed us the wrong room so we walked around the property two times at 2 AM. The room was filthy. Boogers everywhere wifi not picking up in the room and water not being hot. The front desk agent was suppose to send a maintenance guy at 7:30AM but he never came... More
I've stayed here a couple times and each time it's been a spacious room at a reasonable price. The room I stayed had a living room kitchen combo room and then a separate room which contained the King bed and bathroom. TVs were in living room and bedroom which was nice. Living room had a pull-out sofa sleeper. Room was clean. Carpet is a bit out of date but definitely not gross by any means. Wifi worked fine. Pricci (restaurant) is directly across the street. Pricy but good. Waffle House is within 1/4 mile with sidewalks and crosswalks so you can get there very easily if desired. Looking forward to breakfast in the a.m. as it was pretty good the last time I was here. The hotel shuttle was quite busy around 4pm on a Wednesday so LaToya from Sales/Marketing came and picked me up from the Buckhead Marta Station. Talk about going above and beyond. Hello!!! That was wonderful service.Thank you for your comments. Thank you for complimenting our rooms and staff - it means a lot to us. We strive to provide a clean and comfortable room along with superior customer service and your comments tell us that we are succeeding.Again, thanks and we look forward to seeing you again soon!
There is nothing Quality about Quality Suites. The room was on the third floor and there is no elevator. The parking lot did not have enough spaces. I complained three times about the lack of hot water, cool shower is not what I expected. Carpet should be replaced, it is beyond cleaning. Hotel is a dump! Will never stay in another one. Staybridge suites across street is far superior!JohnThank you for your feedback. We apologize that your recent stay did not meet expectations and certainly take your comments very seriously as we continually strive to improve. We will soon be making property enhancements, including the addition of elevators, and hope you will give us another chance in the future.
wonderful service and very helpful staff. Can not say enough about the staff from the front desk to the maids and the lady in the breakfast area. Clean and well kept grounds. Great breakfast every morning with multiple choices hot or cold. Will stay here again.Thank you for taking the time to complete our online review regarding your recent stay at our hotel.Your feedback is very important to us and we can assure you that we will use this information to do everything possible to create an enjoyable experience for each of our guests. We hope to see you again soon!Sincerely,Cassandra LavieGuest Relations ManagerQuality Suites-Buckhead Village404-262-7880
When i visited they were having a great Managers Reception in the Lobby and they had great food, drinks and conversation. I was able to meet fellow guest at the hotel and Cassandra (Manager) who was absolutely awesome with alot of knowledge of the Atlanta Area. If your at the location on a Wednesday, Definitely do not miss out on this treat.Dear Vanessa,Thank you so much for taking the time to review our property, and leave us such great feedback. We strive to make each and every guest experience a superior one, and hope we were able to do that for you during your stay. I'm so glad you enjoyed our manager's reception, and I'll be sure to pass your kind words on to Cassandra!We look forward to having you stay with us again, the next time you're in the Atlanta area.Sincerely,Noelle TaylorFront Office ManagerQuality Suites-Buckhead Village
I stayed three nights here (Thurs-Sun MLK Jr. weekend) for a birthday in the area. There is alot of construction, with hallways and ramps blocked off so I felt like a hamster running a maze to get to my room. Pool area shut off ( including hot tub). It didn't matter though...the room was very nice and well equipped with a full kitchen,the staff were amazing with help and directions, the breakfast was more than ample and very tasty ( Starbucks coffee). What was the neatest thing though, was they let the birthday girl have impromtu gatherings in the lobby ( card playing, socializing, snacks drinks) both Friday and Saturday night.Thank you for taking the time to complete our online review regarding your recent stay at our hotel.We very much appreciate and value your feedback and will share it with our team. Your review will serve as encouragement to all of our staff as we strive to continuously improve the quality of our services to provide an exceptional experience for our guests. It is always a pleasure to receive positive feedback.Thank you again for sharing your experience, and we hope your next visit will be even more pleasant than the previous one.Sincerely,Cassandra LavieGuest Relations ManagerQuality Suites-Buckhead Village404-262-7880
We went to Atlanta for one day and spent the night in this hotel based on other reviews. There were no surprises. The staff was friendly and helpful (Aires and Taiana), the building was older an undergoing renovations, but clean, quiet and comfortable. I loved the cloister atmosphere of the ground with the numerous sitting areas and am looking forward to staying there again.Breakfast was complete and had just about anything you might want, and the coffee was some of the BEST we have ever had! Driving in Atlanta traffic is not fun, but they are close toe two large shopping malls and many good restaurants, and have a shuttle that will take you there! The kitchen has everything you might need except for pots and pans, which you can get from the office. So if you are staying a long time this is ideal. The bed room has a door to cut it off from the living area, there are two TV's and the kitchen has a dishwasher and garbage disposal!Thank you for your wonderful comments! We're delighted that you enjoyed your stay at our property and we appreciate you recognizing our friendly staff, clean and spacious suites, breakfast and our shuttle. We hope to see you again soon!
Our family travels to Atlanta at least twice a year and we look forward to staying at this particular Quality Suites. The staff is kind - professional - friendly and helpful. We would like to Thank Cheyenne, Jasmine, Latanya, Lynise and Noelle for making our stay while in Atlanta amazing. The room are spacious and immaculate. Keep up the phenomenal work.Job well done. The EdmansDear Ms. Edman,Thank you so much for taking the time to leave the hotel and our staff such a wonderful review, following your recent stay.We are so thankful you both return and stay with us whenever you're in Atlanta, and we look forward to having you back again very soon.I will be sure to pass on your kind words to Cheyenne, Jasmin, Tanya, Lynice so they know they all helped in making your stay an enjoyable one! If we don't see you again before the end of the year we all hope you have a very Merry Christmas a Happy New Year.Sincerely,Noelle TaylorFront Office ManagerQuality Suites-Buckhead Village
The staff at this hotel is like none other. They treat the guests like family, and are always quick to help. Staying at this hotel is more like staying at a family-owned guest house than a major hotel chain. I highly recommend this.AbbySiberianHusky, Thank you so much for giving us this stellar review. We appreciate your feedback and will be sure to pass along the recognition to our staff. We look forward to serving you each and every time you come to Atlanta. Kind Regards, Deanne Bertrand
Excellent location for walking downtown Atlanta. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. Will definitely stay here again when I get the opportunity to visit Atlanta again. The room was clean and comfortable and my son and I really enjoyed the weekend.
This Motel 6 is a perfect example of why this chain is hit or miss. This one's a hit. It's reasonably priced, parking is free, and it is in a great location. Knowledgable staff helped us navigate around during our stay. Free Wi-Fi also keeps the cost down. The rooms have been redecorated and redone, into a quality that resembles most true 4-stars in clean design and comfort. The bathrooms aren't as plush, nor are the linens. It's a 12 cab fare to the arena. I'm sure you could walk, but it wasn't the season when we visited. For warmer weather, there was also an exterior door in our room. I would feel safe with it open, while the southern breeze came in. I liked it. I never thought I'd give a Motel 6 four-stars. This one deserves it.
We stayed at this location as the first stop of our road trip to Chattanooga via Memphis, Nashville Gatlinburg .There were nine of us we had five rooms, everyone was more than happy with their accommodation , all five rooms were clean ,fresh well maintained, we were made to feel very welcome at check in.The location could hardly be better for Downtown Atlanta, an easy walk, a big bonus was free city parking a couple of oversize parking bays (plenty of room even for our 15 seat van)WIFI was fast, air con worked great, no noise problems, all in all 10/10 especially at the very reasonable rate for a clean city centre room with free parking, thanks for a great stay !
Was booked here for work. The place was half decent, beds were uncomfortable. And the the walls have horrible sound proofing. The water was really hot (good thing) and lasted a long time. The guy at the front dest was really weird, and made check-in a 20min process (we had already prepaid). The parking in the garage underneath was really small space with a bunch of support poles everywhere (hard to reverse) and maneuver around. But good location right downtown and cheap. My co-workers room had a balcony, and the door didn't lock, when the wind blew, it opened. She wanted to move to a different room, and the guy at the front desk asked her to put a chair in front of it to solve the problem. She moved to a different room after 15min of arguing with the man at the front desk and after he went to the room with us to verify. Then he asked her to clean the room and then he would move her.
We stayed here for 2 nights, in a good location for everything you'd need in Atlanta and a good budget option. Basic but effective, friendly staff, big beds and clean. Ben was very helpful in arrival so be sure to ask him for some hints and tips on your stay
I've stayed in many budget hotels over the last 20 years including other Motel 6 motels. Half the lights did not work in the room, the room was dirty and the elevator did not work. I was there on business and they tried to double the price of the room from the confirmed reservations price that I had in writing. One light bulb in the entire room was working and the room smelled of urine and dog.Dear Guest, Thank you for sharing your post. Motel 6 standards for quality rest on our promise to offer the lowest price of any national chain by delivering the essential elements of a comfortable room for a satisfying stay, for this reason we apologize for the disappointment you describe with the expectations of our housekeeping cleaning of the guestroom. We encourage you to contact our Guest Relations at 1-855-787-9864 to record the details of your stay to help us provide a better guest experience in the future.
I had five nights in this hotel the room was clean, room was a good size. I like it as you didn't have to pass reception every time you left and arrived. It is not far from Peachtree station and walking distance to most attractions. Car rentals right next door if needed
This hotel is in great proximity to downtown Atlanta. That being said, it still isn't worth the deal. We arrived at 3:30, with the understanding that check in was at 3. When I walked in, there's no one at the front desk and there was a sign that read Be back in 10 minutes, if you're checking out, just leave your room key. I thought that strange but hung around for a bit before I finally got tired of waiting, and my friend and I decided we would go eat and come back. So I come back and there is a gentlemen in front of me checking in and someone at the front desk this time.... so good sign. Boy did I stand in line FOREVER. I did mention that fact that I tried to check in earlier there was no one at the front desk and the clerk was incredibly dismissive and I think the fact I said anything made him want to take even longer to check me in which really ticked me off. We get to our room the air unit wasn't on so it was incredibly stuffy and smelled of mildew. The beds looked felt prison issued and one of the blankets looked like it hadn't ever been washed. I will say the bathroom was very clean and I appreciated that. There's only one elevator and you can fit about 3 people max in it that's without luggage. Oh and GA does some thing where you have to pay an extra 5 now. So whatever the website says your price is, add 5. When I checked out the next morning, the front desk girl made it abundantly clear that I was inconveniencing her by checking out and asking for a receipt. If we had planned to stay more than one night, I would have left went somewhere else immediately. The whole place was very sketchy so be mindful if you decide to stay here.
You get what you pay for, but don't expect an AARP discount. Found and booked this location through the membership website but was told on arrival that they don't honor AARP, even though the AARP discount sticker is located on the lobby door, and, You already received our discounted rate. Location is okay and within walking distance of downtown, but don't do this alone at night. Found hairs of different types and texture in the bed and bath tub and, when issue taken to reception, was treated very rudely by clerk. Replacement sheets were also riddled with hair, which made for a very uncomfortable night's rest. No microwave, coffee pot, refrigerator, etc. in third-floor room, and no vending machine on the floor. Ice machine made horrible racket all night. Only coffee available is located in the lobby and comes in a two-swallow-sized cup. If you're looking for cheap rates, be aware of what you'll get here. Otherwise, go elsewhere and either rent a car or use car service. Like me, I'm sure you work too hard for your money to receive this type of treatment. Would not recommend if they paid me.
This place make everything simple and cheaper. The quality of room and cleanless is excelent, including the people who works there. They are very polite and friendly. This hotel is near to Aquarium, World of Coca Cola and Centenial Park. There are a lot of restaurants near there and a comercial building with a food court very affordable. The parking is included. This is a great save of money because the parking average is 10 per day.
will return next year with family good price and very nice staff room was perfect for our need where ther for supercross so very close to the stadium close to the highway so dont be confused downtown atlanta
Very convenient downtown location, walking distant to everything. Clean rooms, nice staff. Free wireless internet and parking, tv with Showtime, HBO and the NFL Network a plus for single sleepless travellers.
While looking for a cheap place on the fly due to change of plans, I stopped by to ask if there were any rooms available for the night. I was addressed very rudely, and the woman at the desk was not helpful at all, saying that check out was at 11am and since it was already very late it wouldnt be a good idea, and that the only rooms available were very expensive incinuating that I couldn't afford it! And then told me that if I did stay there and wasn't out by 11am, they would call the police. I have never experienced such rude service and have been basically turned down, and it was very obvious it was based on race. Very sad and disappointing. Didn't stay at this motel, and never will. Any other hotel, would probably be better.
Now like most reasonable people whove traveled a lot, we understand when you make a special request, motels cant always meet them. Were okay with that.What were not okay with is when motel proprietors make up silly excuses to avoid honoring advertised claims. And were also not okay with being threatened with refusal of service. Thats exactly what happened to us here.This was to be our 36th hotel stay in almost six months of travel across North America, and our first experience with the Motel 6 chain. It will also be our last.We booked a week prior to our stay through the Motel 6s national website, requesting a room with a fridge in our booking comments. The national (mobile) website lists an amenity for this motel as Free microfridge/some rooms. We received a confirmation booking email from Motel 6, showing our rate and our request.We read the statement Free microfridge/some rooms as some rooms (not all), have free mini-fridges. On check in, we were presented with a credit card charge that exceeded the amount in our confirmation email. On querying the difference, it was firstly explained as sales tax. Now whilst we mightnt be actuaries, even we could see the difference far exceeded any sales tax value and on querying further it became obvious there was a charge for the fridge. Sometimes misunderstandings and miscommunications occur. And were reasonable people willing to overlook issues if theres a valid explanation or compromise. This motel refused to honor the free part of the statement, offering that to us for an additional charge and suggesting that as it wasnt their personal website, there was no obligation on them to do so. The comedy routine got better though.We were asked for and provided evidence of our booking, and of the statement on the Motel 6 website (it was more a demand as in what website says that). The gentleman we dealt with was not prepared to compromise on this point however. He was insistent on making his point, which simply was that the rate in his computer system for rooms with fridges, was a higher rate.That he was rude, threatening and unwilling to compromise on such a minor point, and with such unreasonable excuses made us wonder if we were on one of those reality comedy shows you know the ones where people are deliberately rude and antagonistic, and then the camera crew rushes out and surprises you and everyone laughs. We saw no camera crew however and the comedy routine continued with him suggesting we cant just give things away. In our view, and for most other reasonable people, failing to honor advertised claims amounts to misleading and deceptive conduct. Giving an unreasonable excuse to disassociate a chain-branded property from its national brand simply to avoid honoring a small commitment demonstrates a lack of integrity. We also contacted Motel 6s national office via their website about our issue. On the first occasion they misread our concern, seeing it simply as being we asked for a fridge and didnt get one. On the second occasion, we received exactly the same worded, trained-monkey, form-letter response including (the almost condescending): the experience as you described, concerns us deeply. And the promised action on both counts Well send your comments to our Management Team for their review. Interpreted as were not going to do anything with your comments but hey, thanks for wasting your time and effort!We dont appreciate or accept this type of behaviour, and chose to take our business elsewhere. And were no longer waiting for the camera crew to appear.
the hotel was nice and clean the clerk jani was pleasant and made us comfortable
The Motel 6 is next door to and across the street from large chain Hotels but cost less than half. Nothing fancy but did the trick. We felt safe. Free parking which is very rare in the area. Wifi was ok. No breakfast but we paid a few dollars more and got a refrigerator and microwave. Had lounge chair but no reading lamp. Bed decent. Shower worked fine. No nice amenities but we didn't care. Friendly staff.
Driving through Georgia, stayed just one night but needed a downtown hotel. We had the king room. We were on the 3rd floor (there is an elevator), bed was comfortable, room was clean, hot coffee in the morning. Easy walk to many downtown locations. Surprised at how quiet it was considering how close it was to I-75.
Worst experience ever! We were in ATL to attend the Alabama vs Virginia Tech game. Lots going on in Atlanta this weekend, the game, the Braves, Nascar, Dragacon, and more. We were excited to get a room downtown so last minute, when we made the reservation only 4 days earlier. We went to check in early and the rooms were not ready. OJ at front desk told us we could go ahead and park and check in after the game. We asked twice if we needed a parking pass and were told no. Parked below the motel and walked almost 2 miles to the Dome. Rather than have a huge towing bill and walk 2 miles we would have driven and paid 40 and parked near the Dome. Called after the game to make sure we were still good and let them know we would check in late to please not give up our room. We were assured everything was fine and we needed to check in my midnight, we got to the hotel with five minutes to spare. The night clerk proceeded to check up in and pulled out a parking pass. RED FLAG!!!! We told him we had asked for one early in the day and didn't receive one. My husband ran down to check and sure enough our truck had been towed. The clerk wanted us to check in our room and spend the night and deal with our missing truck the next day. NO WAY!!! All of our belongings were in our truck. When we finally found out where if had been towed we had to take a cab across town. Luckily we had a wonderful cab driver who helped us out a lot, stayed with us until he was sure we would get our truck back and warned us about quickly getting out of the area and not stopping because we were in a very bad part of town. The tow company wouldn't accept my debit or credit card, they needed my husbands. Thankfully I had some cash (which I rarely have). We finally got our truck and drove the very late 2 hour drive home. We found out that 10 vehicles were towed from this location that night. We feel very strongly that this was a scam between the desk clerk and the tow company. The man at the impound lot told us he had never know of them taking cars from this location until yesterday when they got 10 from there. Don't be the next victim.
My husband, son and I stayed one night after traveling from Florida to Atlanta to see a concert. I did a lot of research trying to find an affordable, safe place where we could simply sleep for the night - not an easy task in downtown Atlanta. Motel 6 was not only affordable, but also had free parking which was a wonderful bonus! Check in was quick and the gentleman at the front desk was very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and comfortable and I have no complaints what so ever about our stay. Restaurants, grocery and drug store were right down the street. Not a lot of extras at this hotel - but if you are simply looking for an affordable, safe, clean and comfortable place to stay - I would highly recommend this motel. Thank you - Hope Jacksonville, FL
While I thought, initially, that the neighbourhood this motel was in was sketchy, that quickly faded when I realized how good this place was. The front desk staff, Ben, was uber-helpful and friendly, and really made an effort to know my name and my needs. It's very centrally located in Atlanta, with quick access to the MARTA subway system, and was walkable to a lot of different restaurants and sites. The room was nice and clean, and more than serviceable. The price was right too, although there was a mix-up with the pricing. They did however fix it promptly. I was also able to check in early without a charge, which was also a great benefit.
Old tired hotel. My room was right on the edge of a 10 lane highway and I had to sleep with ear plugs. Although clean, the room was old with cracks in the walls, saggy beds and grey towels. One evening we had no water at all for about an hour. One morning we had no hot water. Staff were pleasant and did their best but they don't have much to work with. Wifi so slow it was useless and I was forced to link to my cell phone.
will return next year with family good price and very nice staff room was perfect for our need where ther for supercross so very close to the stadium close to the highway so dont be confused downtown atlanta
If you are planning to go to Americasmart and want inexpensive accommodation then this is the place to stay. 7 min walk to Americasmart and free parking if needed. Rooms a good size and clean. Staff were excellent especially Mr Ben who took great care of us. We look forward to our next visit in January 2013.
I booked a room for two we was accused of having a third person staying in the room.Which was a freind who came to our room to visit who lives in atlanta so we had to pay a extra fee which was crazy.Also the men at the check in desk was rude middle easterns with bad attitudes but later became nice when they found i live in the city same they use to live in when they lived in the los angeles area.The location is great our orginal price was a good deal until they charged us extra for a third person with that price we could have went to a better hotel.
Jake at reception is an amazing guy and wifi works perfectly! But the rest of the hotel is a mess. Rooms smell, the woman at reception kept me waiting outside the lobby for 10min while she decided to open the door. Hair in the sheets. Ice machine makes so much noise you can't sleep. Save yourself the trouble and go somewhere else.Dear Arturo, Thank you for sharing your review. We strive to provide a comfortable night's rest and are disappointed your stay was unsatisfactory due to the odor concern you describe. Please know that the conditions you describe are atypical to Motel 6 standards for quality and we apologize for the inconveniences you experienced. Our standards for quality rest on the promise to offer the lowest price of any national chain by delivering the essential elements of a comfortable room for a satisfying stay, for this reason we apologize for the disappointment you describe with the expectations of amenities. We invite you to contact our Guest Relations department at 1-855-787-9864 to record the details of your visit to help us provide a better guest experience in the future.
It has a GREAT location, 10 points for that... It is safe, althought it doesn't feel that way. It is close to everything walking! the rooms are old and have a peculiar smell, but other than that...clean bathrooms, good A/C
Great service! Ben Patel on the concierge were very helpful. I think it's the only non pretentious budget accommodation in downtown Atlanta. The rooms were spacious and had a nice balcony view. I stayed there before and after my Tomorrowland trip in 2014. The best part of Motel 6 downtown is that it is at a very quiet location it is near to all the attractions i.e. World of Coca Cola, Georgia Aquarium, CNN headquarters. Also you'll find plenty of coffee shops and restaurants on a short walk. Hooters Hard Rock Cafe were near. And the downside is you will not find the like minded tourist crowd in this neighborhood as this is a strictly financial district.
The hotel was easy to find and everything you would expect from a budget chain like Motel 6, Free parking wi-fi, clean rooms although the bathrooms could do with updating(and hairdryers added).The best thing about staying here was the fact that it is only a 10 minute walk from the Coca Cola Factory - which is worth a visit if in town.we found Atlanta a bit strange as most restaurants downtown close at 9pm.
Great budget hotel for a two night stay whilst travelling, excellent location within walking distance to bars restaurants and shops, whilst the rooms were very basic they were clean and comfortable, staff were friendly and helpful.
I stayed at this Motel 6, 311 Courtland St NE, Atlanta, GA, in August last year for a conference my job would not fund. I was totally on my own dime and so needed to economize. What a great deal this place was! The conference hotel was the Hilton literally next door, and those poor schmucks over there were paying over three times what I paid! For the same location! My room at the Motel 6 was clean, the bed was comfortable, the parking was FREE, AND I had a small balcony off my room on the 2nd floor! The staff was nice - what I saw of them. Granted, the staff at Motel 6 is small - there is no room service, no restaurant, and no bar at Motel 6. But they have all that at the Hilton next door and all over downtown Atlanta so Motel 6 doesn't need it!!! I will stay at this Motel 6 every time I have to go to Atlanta from now on. The location is perfect. I felt as safe as anywhere else I have stayed in Atlanta. What a sweet deal!
Ben, the receptionist, was very very friendly so the first impression was a big surprise! The motel looks clean and is located next to the highway in Atlanta Downtown. As you can imagine opening the window is a bad idea because it's getting very noisy but if you leave them closed you won't hear the cars that much. I was able to sleep like a baby :)If you visit Atlanta without a car, no worries, nearly every attraction (Georgia Aquarium, Coke museum, etc) is in walking distance. A MARTA station is about 10min away.On our floor there were vending machines (snacks and drinks) and the prices were reasonable. The room is quite big, for 2 persons it's enough room. The interior is a bit worn out but the price is more than fair.
I made my reservations nearly a year ago because I knew the holiday weekend was going to be booked crazy. Atlanta on the Labor day weekend is always crazy. There's Dragon*Con with a record of 57,000 people in attendance this year (2013) and then all the major opening season games (Alabama vs VT) so getting an early booking is a must.I drove in from Alabama and got a room with 2 doubles in it for about 177 (with tax) a night. Not terrible considering the location. It's right down town next to the major Dragon*Con hotels and located close to all of the nice restaurants (Max Lager Brew Pub, Fire of Brazil, etc).As for the actual hotel though I was a little disappointed. I understand that a Motel 6 isn't supposed to have the quality of a Marriot, or a Hyatt, or a Hilton, but it was just sort of lacking this year.The building itself is from the late 70s early 80s (based on the floor plan, and the construction style). Security isn't really too bad. A guest must have their key to get access to the inner part of the hotel at all times. So just because you can walk in the front door, and even ride the old elevator, doesn't mean you can actually get to your door. This actually caused me a little problem because I ran out to my car for a moment leaving a friend and my key in the hotel room. When I went to get back in I couldn't even get through the door to access my hotel room door because you must have a keycard to enter any of the floors. Personally I understand it's my fault for leaving my key, and I'm glad for the extra layer of security. Just remember to ALWAYS have your keycard.Upon entering my room though it was another story. The room was approaching 85 degrees when we got there in the mid afternoon (3pm local). And smelled of old sour (VERY sour) towels. There was even a hint of cigarette smoke as well. Luckily we had to be somewhere else in hurry so we dropped our gear and headed out making sure the AC was blowing ice cold air (which is did ALL weekend! :) ).Upon returning the room had chilled down immensely and the smell had dissipated some. We found if we shut off the bathroom the smell dissipated so we deduced that the smell was coming from somewhere in the plumbing (it smelled like the drain to the bathtub specifically).The beds weren't great, but they offered a place to lay one's head. I woke up multiple times with a soar back in the morning, but nothing a little Aleve wouldn't knock out. There was no breakfast like in years past, but the manager and assistants were as helpful as they could be. My friend was in need of a hair dryer and they had one to borrow, no questions asked.The stay was uneventful, but do be careful. The small door hanger you set out on the handle to Not be Disturbed has 2 sides. My friend knew they were coming around and so placed it outside our door, only for the door to be knocked on twice. I thought it might be the housekeeping staff not reading the sign. But upon on inspection the placard actually has a Do Not Disturb side and a Housekeeping Please side. Morale of the story, make sure you select the right side!Check out was simple and easy and I will stay here again in the future mainly due to it's location.One of the things I value most about this hotel is it's free parking. Yes I said free. When many of the other hotels charge 20+ for a night or the local parking lots even more, it's nice to have a place you can drive in and out of without a problem. Mind you the manager takes this parking very seriously so place your hotel-given parking permit in your window or you run the risk of being towed (we saw this happen multiple times). Seriously, its not hard to put the piece of paper on your dashboard!So in closing will I stay here again Absolutely. Do I understand that it's an older building with some renovations that need to be done Yep. Do I enjoy the free parking, the location, and the fact it's relatively quiet and secure No question there.Pros: - FREE Parking- Quiet- SecureCons: - Older building- No Double Queen Rooms- Minimal Amenities
We stayed here for a music festival downtown and it was a perfect location for us, and much cheaper than surrounding hotels. No frills - no breakfast, but coffee in the lobby. The room seemed very clean. The floors are laminate, which is nice since the carpet in older motels can often be pretty gross. The bathroom seemed updated and was in good condition. The bed was also comfortable. We had a small balcony that looked over the parking lot and into the city. Every employee we spoke with was polite and super helpful. The walls were thin, but since that seems to be the case in many hotels I'm usually prepared with earplugs or a fan! We weren't in the room much except for sleeping, and overall this was a great budget hotel.
Step outside your private balcony (really) and you see the Hilton and Hyatt. If they only knew we were paying about 25 of what they were paying. We were pleasantly surprised with the condition and safety of this motel. It is rather awkward getting to it from I-75, going around a couple of blocks so that one can enter the parking lot. The night desk clerk was extremely polite and welcoming, being quite articulate, especially about the parking procedures (hint...be concerned about parking) Car was safe and secure at desk level, but not sure about underground parking out of sight. The room itself was quite comfortable with the king bed and A/C. Pool was out of service during our visit. Coffee in the lobby.
