1st time in San Antonio. Wanted to be near the River Walk. Was a bit of a hike to the Convention Center but manageable. The hotel staff was friendly and the free breakfast and afternoon snack were good. The pool was on the roof and was nice. Asked for a room with a nice view and got a view of... More
Went to a Cardinals baseball game, and this is about 2 blocks away from stadium and 1 block away from ballpark village. We also visited Anheuser-Busch brewery, about a 5 minute drive. The hotel and staff are top notch and the breakfast was good and hot, also free. The free popcorn and 5:30 kickback with adult beverages and food are... More
I chose this hotel because it's location, I was there to visit the Gateway Arch and the courthouse museum. The hotel is across the street from the museum and next to the Arch. The room was very comfortable and clean. There was a cocktail hour with food that was free and free hot breakfast, both were great. I highly recommend... More
We had never stayed in a Drury hotel before, but from now on, we will always consider it if there's one in a city we travel to. The hotel itself is beautiful and was a nice luxury for us compared to the budget places we'd been staying in on our trip. They serve free food in the evenings that totally... More
This is a nice hotel, clean and secure, with very good evening snacks and Drinks from 530pm to 7pm and a Very good Breakfast Buffet 6am to 9am. Approximately 2 blocks to Busch Stadium and right next to The Arch park (under reconstruction). I would recommend this to any one.
My 2 Freinds and I had tickets to see the Who on a Saturday night down in St. Louis and needed a room in order to not travel back to central Illinois after the show. Now on a Saturday night on Easter weekend it was very busy time for the city and not so easy to find the desired room... More
Very nice, helpful staff that goes out of their way to greet and assist. Rooms are clean, well-maintained. Parking is less-expensive than most downtown hotels. On-site garage was full, but overflow garage was only a block away. Exceptional experience!!
Somewhat generic really nice hotel. Was disappointed king suite came without a view of the Arch. Which was basically my own fault for not asking before we settled in to the room. Room fee includes evening bar drinks and above average hot breakfast. Would definitely stay there again. Old Courthouse across the street is some kind of federally administered historical... More
One of the best hotels I ever stayed at! Perfect in every way! The location is perfect - between the Old Courthouse and the Arch Plaza. 2 blocks from Busch Stadium. A free shuttle to Busch brewery only 2 blocks away. The fitness center and pool is awesome! There are 2 bikes, 3 treadmills, 1 elliptical, many weights, weight machines... More
I would have given the Drury at the Arch a 5 rating, but gave it a 4 only because I think the rooms could use a little updating. Aside from that we loved our stay at the Drury Plaza at the Arch and wouldn't hesitate to stay there again in the future! I will also be looking for Drury Hotels... More
We typically book Drury hotels while traveling and this is my second stay in this location for business. Ask for a room with a street view ..not interior...had to change rooms and while it was much smaller the street view was much better than looking into your neighbors room. Breakfast okay, social hour limits your free drinks to three. They... More
We've stayed at many hotels in the St. Louis area ands keep coming back to this one. We can get a reasonably priced suite that gives us plenty of room for our family of 5. The free happy hour has served as dinner for the kids and the free breakfast is always a plus. It's within walking distance of the... More
We have never been to St Louis before, so we wanted to be centrally located to activities we had planned. Great rooms, very quiet. lots of perks, breakfast, midday snacks, pool, exercise room, secure parking was a big plus for us. the rate was reasonable too. Within walking distance to a lot of things to see and do!
I've gone to this location even as a kid. It's the only place I'll stay when visiting the area. It's rooms have a pefect view of the arch and the river. It's walking distance to the park and to 360 on the rooftop which my husband and I always have a ball at when we come to town. I love... More
We stayed there thinking it would be creepy and not like the photos showed. Boy were we blown away! Absolutely beautiful. Very clean and the owners are very attentive with respect of your privacy. I would go back in a heartbeat.Thank you!
I recently stayed at the Big T Motel. I enjoyed talking with John, the owner. My room was very clean. The A/C worked well. Although a little dated, everything was in working order. My room had a fridge and microwave. I parked right in front of my room. The printed sheets on the bed and the colored bath towels gave... More
While traveling back to Tennessee after vacationing in Wyoming - we very surprised and happy to locate this motel. Our room was spotlessly clean and the staff made us feel very welcome. Definitely will be on the list to stay here again! Exceptional value for the cost and hot breakfast served early! Very pleasantly surprised to find this motel.
This place was clean. Provided a hot breakfast, good parking, walking distance to places to eat. I would go back. It was 20.00 less than the other motel and I am sure just as good. Hank the owner was nice to visit with. He's a biker dude so I liked him right away. I felt safe and well cared for... More
This is a wonderful place to stay. Clean rooms and the owners live on site. This place is so clean! They take wonderful care of the motel. Very friendly. Easy parking. Quiet. Awesome place to stay. Will stay there again!
Great quiet clean hotel. Wonderful value and electrical and phone charging stations all over the room. Right off major highway but no noise. 4 pillows on each bed. The rooms are very well organized for personal or business travel
Rooms facing highway can pickup a lot of road noise. This is a family hotel so it's not uncommon to have a high children concentration staying here. On the night we stayed there was a youth sports team.
Lakeview Resort is one of the best resorts in the area. Perfect for any travel reason, business, personal, or otherwise. A beautiful area surrounded by nature, with a fantastic lakeside view. Prices are better than any around.
I found this resort while visiting the St. Louis boat show. I have stayed here 4-5 times now. The staff has always been great to incredible. If you are looking a fancy modern resort, this may not be for you. But if you enjoy rustic, affordable, peaceful and a comfortable place to stay, this is it. We can put in... More
We really liked this resort. It was clean and the people were super friendly (both staff and fellow guests). We had a studio unit which was one room but included a full kitchen, king bed, pull out sofa, dinette set. We had a balcony that included a nice view of the lake. There is so much to do here so... More
We had the 8th Lake of the Ozarks Reunion with 43 members and 3 generations of my wife's family at Lakeview. A large resort is needed to accommodate 11 families We stayed in the Beach House with our daughter and her family. Nice place, but as other reviewers mentioned, it's showing its age. An awning or other cover over the... More
The guy was nice.. The room was dirty food left in the fridge. and at night ROACHES all over slept with the lights to try to keep them hidden.......... Lesson learned.. Unless you like sleeping with BUGS I would not recommend this place
Don't do it, keep driving....this place is unbelievable! First room they gave me was not made up. The receptionists' explanation was that she had given the keys to another guest who returned them after about 20 minutes. Hmmmmmm.....if that wasn't enough, there was a woman in the next room singing as loud as she possibly could in the room next... More
Nothing more than a glorified motel room. Charge like they are a resort, been here couple times not my choice, pool is green never clean, shower wont drain, I could go on but you get the jist. Only good thing is the boat hook up, but then better places have the same set up.
We stayed in the Aztec Suite and it was cozy and quiet, If you are looking for modern settings this is not for you. The room was clean and the price was very affordable. I would stay again, very quaint.
We stayed in the Aztec Suite and it was cozy and quiet, If you are looking for modern settings this is not for you. The room was clean and the price was very affordable. I would stay again, very quaint.
Great staff, clean property felt like I was a valued guest. Great breakfast selections, laundry on site for a decent price. Only wish they had a hot tub to soak after long stressful days. If you need to visit the area I would recommend this property
The room was very nice and clean. The beds were very comfortable. the overall room was very spacious. We were close to the things that we needed. What I like best about Sonesta ES Suites is that my little family could all be together in one room so that we didn't have to worry about anyone. Thanks Sonesta ES Suites... More
We were very pleased with our stay at Kimberling Oaks recently. We rented the 5 bedroom house with another family with kids too. We slipped our boat at the dock which was just down the hill from our house. There is also a swim dock that the kids loved jumping off of into the lake. The cove is very quiet... More
Van that picked us up was extremely dirty, old style television gym, what a joke. carpet old and dirty, beds not supportive, old bottom line, everything about it old and needing major rehab close to the airport, thats about the only thing going for this
Very freindly staff and so easy to stay and play here. Easy access to the highways and the airport is right accross the street. Only 1 thing is that the shuttle only goes in a 5 mile radius, just wished they would go a little further.
Stayed here for a quick weekend get away while attending a Cardinals game. Overall I thought the hotel was nice. Very nice helpful staff, nice clean comfortable room. The morning breakfast buffet was pretty decent! This hotel is very close to the airport, and the airport shuttle will take you and pick you up free of charge. At least they... More
The Hilton Garden Inn was great value for the money: the room was comfortable, the location was convenient for where we were going during the day, and the staff was excellent. We were warmly welcomed at the front desk, and Kim, our breakfast waitress, was excellent. While it's true that the room decor was a little worn / dated, the... More
Very clean, pleasant facility. Environment of the hotel is open and airy. I enjoyed the Kuerig coffee pot in the room! I am very familiar with the area, otherwise, the location could be very difficult to find.
My children (19 and 15) and I traveled to St Louis to celebrate Christmas with my siblings and their families. 90 of the time we cost we stay at this Courtyard. Great location. Super staff. Usually comfortable. I booked a two room suite - sitting room with sleeper and bedroom with 2 full size beds. Let the kids have the... More
We recently stayed four nights and was very comfortable. Room was clean and daily housekeeper did a great job. Breakfast was good. We will stay here again.........My only complaint was about the young man that checked us in. He was unwelcoming. Gave us no info like wifi, (after we got to our room, I had to call and ask about... More
This was a very clean, friendly place to stay. The location is convenient to many restaurants shopping. Breakfast was good. Staff was very nice and helpful. We would definately consider staying here again.
This hotel was very clean and the breakfast had some hot items that are always appreciated. Our room had a scorch mark from an iron on the carpet, but otherwise was very clean. We always end up with more than we can eat at restaurants, so the refrigerator is also very welcome to store leftovers.
This was a very clean nice room. The hotel staff was very pleasant. I would high recommend staying here if you are in the area. Bathroom and shower were very clean and everything worked well I had a great overall experience
The room was very nice with comfortable bedding. It was quiet even though we were right next door to I44. The biggest surprise was the breakfast. Waffles, cereal, biscuits and gravy, etc. We were expecting to eat breakfast out somewhere, but with this spread we quickly changed our minds. This was our first stay at Econo Lodge, but we will... More
This hotel was very clean and the breakfast had some hot items that are always appreciated. Our room had a scorch mark from an iron on the carpet, but otherwise was very clean. We always end up with more than we can eat at restaurants, so the refrigerator is also very welcome to store leftovers.
The solar eclipse was a bomb! But our stay at Americas Best Value Inn in Carrolton, Missouri was excellent. Employees were helpful and the room was clean! Would recommend this location to anyone traveling that direction!Thank you it was a great pleasure having you stay with us. Be sure to come and visit us soon. Take care an GODBLESS
ANTS all over the room. First asked about their rate they said 64.99 + tax. Didnt stay there that first night. Asked the next morning they said 74.99 + tax. Anyways got a rate for 45.99 after i found out that was what others staying there were paying. Asked them to put a piece of mail in their outgoing, sat... More
We had a pet friendly room, the floor was so gross not vacuumed. My pet ate something off the floor which made her sick. The beds were HORRIBLE. Very loud noise from the highway in front, loud trains in the back.
I stayed during the weekend , room and bathroom was very cleaned and I breakfast was awesome . They have hot breakfast (pancake , scrambled egg ... ) and so many item on breakfast menu . Nik a manager was really helpful during my stay , he recommended few places near by St. James winery , fantastic caverns and Public... More
Stayed one night while travelling Route 66 and could not have been more pleased. Our initial contact was with the security guard who, when he saw our California plates and loaded car, went out of his way to ensure we parked in the most secure area available. Our room, with a view of the Arch, was spacious, clean and quiet.... More
Had a terrific welcome experience at checkin. Hotel room was clean and comfortable. Much like all Hampton experiences. Breakfast was good. Location is terrific and easy to access to and from the Interstate. Would stay here again!
We had a great overnight at Hampton by the arch. Very family-friendly the swimming pool area had a playhouse, tons of pool noodles, and two inflated boats to play in. The dining area staff was SO nice, and there were many offerings at the included free breakfast. I wish we would have seen the kids play area by the dining... More
Hotel is downtown near the Gateway Arch. We walked to the hockey game and were quick cab ride from the famous blues bars. In fact, from our room we had a picture perfect view of the arch and enjoyed watching its appearance change from day to night. Hotel is good. Friendly staff. Undergoing renovation of the parking garage, so that... More
I had room 1208 I think rooms 1202 through 1210 have great views of the arch and river. The front desk guy (Andrew) was a big help. There is a restaurant/bar on site which was handy. I would stay there again, depending on the price, due to the location. Close to the arch, on Washington Street and near Chestnut and... More
We had a great view of the arch from our room. The hotel had plenty of amenities including a pool, hot tub, fully equipped exercise room, and a game room that included an air hockey table. The rooms and bathroom were clean, and the breakfast was good. The breakfast attendant was the most attentive I have ever seen, she was... More
We went to some baseball games and this was a great location in downtown St Louis. You could walk to baseball stadium, arch and also all the restaurants in the downtown area. Perfect weekend getaway. It was 4th of July weekend, so it was also nice to see the fireworks at the baseball stadium and downtown. The hotel staff was... More
