My family and I went to Nashville for a vacation which was almost ruined by the condition of the rooms at the Days Inn North hotel. We were there for a total of four nights, and on the second night, I was attacked by bed bugs. I received over thirty bites! The pain is unbearable and I would not wish... More
My family and I were visiting Nashville for a weekend getaway and we found the only thing we wanted to get away from was the room we stayed in. The advertised pictures and description of the rooms were very misleading. It smelled like a moldy basement and the bug falling from the curtain was an uninvited guest. The continental breakfast... More
The man at the front desk was fantastic, he let us check in a good couple hours early. The room was ready and clean. The beds were fantastic and soft! Perfect location not far from the downtown parts of Nashville. Easy access to and from the highway! I definitely will be staying here again!
Hotel is located about a 10-15 minute drive from downtown Nashville. Employees all were very nice. They are currently renovating and have construction going on. Did not have water (at all, no hot or cold, nothing) so not being able to take a shower after work is just unacceptable. Water was off for a few hours. Room was clean, but... More
This Best Western was really great! We had a room near the back of the property the first time we stayed here in April. Our balcony looked over the running river. The water sounds were loud enough to be a soothing help when falling asleep. It is close to all the action in town and a short drive to Great... More
Not what I expected our room felt like it was in a basement damp and humid so much so that the bathroom door didn't even close all the way Window air conditioner sounded like a freight train kept us up all night Free breakfast and laundry on site were nice
Room was nice. Friendly service.The location was within walking distance of the aquarium, Ripley's Believe It or Not, and shopping. Being put in Honeymoon Island was extremly awkward. So if traveling with friends, might want to be specific in which room(s) are acceptable.
The check in area was really nice. The room was ok. Water stain in ceiling. Big refrigerator, microwave, small coffee maker. Had to use ironing board couldn't get it to close. Banquet rooms where nice. There where at least 3 that I know of. ,
As Budget style hotels go, this one still benefits from its newness. The lobby grabs you as you enter. You'd swear you're just steps from a beach but you're in the middle of the mountains.Props to the staff! Carla Bhumi. Once you check in you are in good hands and on a very quality property. However, don't expect to check in before check in time. So, if you arrive early, expect to be told not yet. Parking right next to the hotel is limited. But there is a satellite lot just a few more steps away. Not a problem, unless it's raining. Speaking of which, it did on our trip, just enough to not be able to enjoy the outdoor pool which looked very inviting!The indoor pool does not allow any eating or drinking...eh not a fan of that policy. There is no smoking on the property, not even on your own balcony. Understandable because you're pretty close to your neighbors, but still would have liked to enjoy a cigar and beer in the evenings. Instead there's a rickety table and chair in the corner of the parking lot you can traipse to if you have to smoke. OK, unless it's raining.The rooms are exquisite - for budget style hotels. And you can't beat the location, right next to the Island at Pigeon Forge. Several attractions are within walking distance but drivers in Pigeon Forge are horrible. Some don't even look before they turn and run red lights. If you're with kids, be on the lookout.If you can't get enough Jimmy Buffet lifestyle, there's a Margaritaville restaurant and Margaritaville coffee shop less than a 5 minute walk away.Also, need to mention, the breakfast they serve is a cut above those you would find at other breakfast included budget hotels.This place is really done right. Would love to stay here again on my next visit to Pigeon Forge.Thank you for staying at our hotel and for sharing your great feedback. We are so happy your enjoyed your visit and look forward to seeing you during your next visit to Pigeon Forge.
Absolutely no negatives. Have stayed here before and impressed everytime. Clean, up to date, great value and very quiet. Cant recommend enough..breamfast is good and has variations everyday to give a variety
What a great hotel. We stay here every year and always have a great time. The staff makes you feel so welcome while we're there. They even extend that same courtesy to our two little Pomeranians, making them feel just as welcome! The Hampton Inn is always clean and comfortable. Love the hotel and the location is so convenient to... More
Our stay was very enjoyable. The staff was excited about us as we were about them they helped let us know what was going on in the area along with where to find discounts for other things. We will have to stay with them again.
Normally wouldn't have stayed at a place this expensive but had some reward points that made it possible. Lobby was exceptional. Wood everywhere. Tables and chairs in many nooks and crannies. Staff at check in very helpful. Seems small, but the room cards need only touch the the metal circle on your door and it unlocks. I hate juggling stuff... More
We travel to this area fairly fairly often. By far this is the best hotel we have stayed at. The entire hotel and grounds are in excellent condition. We found the staff to be very friendly, outgoing and helpful. And most important to us, the room was extremely quiet. A very family friendly hotel! The FREE breakfast was very good... More
This property was ok for one night, but was just average. The rooms themselves were not comfortable. It was not that they were dirty, but just did not appeal to myself or my family. I cannot put my finger on it, but we were not relaxed. I have stayed at the Fairfield Inn across the street before and it is... More
From the minute you pull into the resort, you feel as if youve been transported to a tropical island. We opted to do the valet parking upon arrival. The wonderful attendants got all of our luggage out of the car and met us up in...MoreWOW Presnell4! Thank you so much for your kind words!! We are so happy you had such a great experience and really look forward to seeing you on your next visit!! FINS UP! Michael
Everything was a beautiful as promised and the staff and rooms were top shelf. From the time we arrived till the time we checked out we were treated like family. I would recommend Margaritaville to all of my friends and family.Dear Perry Thank you so much for your positive review response. We will look forward to seeing you again in the future and will always treat you as our family. Fins Up! Michael
The hotel and staff were wonderful. The room was great except it was very noisy. It was off the elevators and it was an adjoining room. The neighbors were very noisy. I could hear them talking through the door. Jeramy at the spa was wonderful....MoreDear Dawn Thank you for your positive review response. We are sorry you had some noise issues on your stay. We are wokring on correcting any issues guests have had during their stay. We will pass along your compliments to Jeramy. Fins Up! Michael
We came on business but would stay here on vacation as well. They have a fabulous staff, clean rooms, nice breakfast, and it is walking distance to the Gatlinburg Convention Center. Fitness center and indoor pool are nice too
We stayed here during a recent visit to Pigeon Forge. We've stayed here previously and it the rooms have always been clean. The rate is 24.99 per night with a 2 person minimum Monday - Thursday and 39.99 per person on weekends. It has an...More
The hotel room is outdated, and probably one of the oldest, but with that said... the man at the desk was friendly and helpful and our stay was as nice here as the hotel in which we'd spent the night before. The room key was...More
Clean, but halls are very dated. Room is good, mattress firm and refreshing. Bathroom with no door, shower leaked all over bathroom floor. Got off Highway 24, driving solo to family in IL, felt safe, nice hotel, next to Wal-Mart.Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel! We appreciate your business and hope to become your hotel of choice when you return to the area. I am happy to see that you enjoyed your stay!
I found this gem by chance on the internet. Yes it is an older motel and with that in mind I fell in love with it. The perfect place to literally get away from it all. Visited with a friend to see Suck Creek Valley, where she grew up and did all the tourist attractions. So this trip was strictly... More
Stayed here for a night on a business trip and felt welcome from the moment I walked in the door. Everything looks nice, new and clean. The room had everything I needed, most of all a comfortable bed. The work space was great, too.
Stayed here a week after the new Fairfield and double tree was full. Gym was poor- one old treadmill and smells stale. The room was decent, but they didn't clean it while I was working all day. No clean towels. Did not have bravo. Will not be back or recommend for the price. Do not understand how this hotel is... More
Stopped here after 11 hours of driving. Welcoming staff. Clean, well-appointed rooms. Good bedding for restful sleep. Rebooked before leaving for our return trip. Location was easy to find and there were a number of places for dinner nearby.
We stay at this hotel at least once a year and each year they meet and/or exceed our expectations. Very nice touch to the lobby upgrade! And we just can't say enough about Tonie, the breakfast hostess. She rejuvenates you at the start of your day. Her personality is a plus to the Hilton family! Keep up the great work!!
Absolutely excellent hotel to stay at! I was not at all comfortable sleeping in the waiting room at the hospital while my husband was in ICU but didn't want to be too far away from the hospital so I chose to stay at Hampton Inn and Suites. My reservation was made by a very courteous young man by the name... More
Very clean and comfortable, but the staff is amazing. I have never seen a more helpful and gracious hotel staff anywhere. The lady running the breakfast had to be there hardest working person there. She was totally mobbed by people wanting more of this and more of that...and someone screwing up the waffle maker, but never lost her smile and... More
The hotel stay was one of the best in recent travels. The hotel staff was very courteous and helpful in suggesting restaurants for meals. The room was very comfortable and clean. I highly recommend this hotel to anybody.
Super nice clerks- great beds breakfast! Love the location- book even s for quiet facing the back, not the interstate. Can't go wrong, just book early to get in because it books up quickly. Very popular location close to restaurants. Not super busy exit.
Was warmly welcomed by Claire at check in. Hotel was clean and nicely maintained. Breakfast was standard Hampton selections but staff went out of their way to make sure we were happy and satisfied. Would recommend to anyone traveling through or staying in the area.
Stayed overnight here on a trip to Texas. Overall satisfied with Hamptons. Parking like most motels is a problem if your a late night arriver. Not a complaint but there is nothing at this exit such as restaurants which are up the road at the next major exchange. Room was Hampton clean but there was a frig that didn't keep... More
Great room and nice hotel with exceptional staff. The place was full as well. No upcharge for my pup. Arrived late , a convenient good place to stop between in Tennesee about an hour out of Memphis and 11/2-2 from Nashville.
Great Staff. I prefer this location over any other location in the Jackson area. Rooms are clean and I have never had an issue with check-in, sleeping, or modifying/changing reservation. Best stay for Hilton Honors in area. Free Breakfast.
Right off 40, easy to get to. Nice clean comfortable rooms. The staff is one of the friendliest teams I've experienced. Pool, breakfast, snack shop. Designed like most Hampton Inns. Parking was a little tight but they were very full and we got in very late.
The employees were polite and friendly, the room was roomy and well laid out floor plan. We had a wonderful night stay! The facility was pet friendly with plenty of space to walk and play with our dog.
Was a great place for price and location to all areas we needed to be in Knoxville. We were there for baseball tournaments which spanned from several locations. This place worked out great and walking distance to good food and fun.
Had checked the website for this motel and the pictures displayed were not as the motel itself really is. Booked two rooms for two adults and two children in each room. Upon arrival at the hotel the front appeared to be in good order but after that things started to break down. The walkways had not been cleaned for sometime... More
Great staff very accommodating. Indoor pool and hot tub was great. The only reason I gave it a 3 star was because the air conditioner filter was filthy otherwise very clean room. Breakfast was great. Biscuits, gravy and sausage, cereal,donuts, bagels, juice, coffee, eggs, and toast. I would stay there again but would check the filter as soon as I... More
THIS MOTEL- HOTEL Has the friendliest and most knowledgeable staff in the area. We have stayed at several of the other motels in the area and was greatly disappointed .The staff at Willow Brook Lodge goes above and beyond to make sure your stay is rewarding and better than you expected. Rooms are clean nicely furnished and comfortable. My family... More
I stayed in one of the new cabins and had a great stay. The facility was clean, quiet and quaint. Located close to Cades Cove. The woman who checked me in was friendly and professional. She was very helpful when I needed help to find a photography shop. I would recommend Docks to anyone. Prices are reasonable.
This Comfort Inn is conveniently located just off an exit of I-40. It had a friendly staff and was clean. Parking is horrible. I was driving a Penske moving truck and towing a car. First of all, despite being visible from I-40, there is a tiny sign on an unlit road directing you to the entrance. It is easy to... More
Stayed there Sept. 3rd 2015 and it was wonderful. Great room, comfortable bed and very clean. The breakfast was fantastic. The people at the front desk were very helpful and friendly. I think this Comfort Inn is one of the best.
This was by far the best hotel I have stayed in major upgrade to what I am used to, and I was just loving every minute of it this past weekend. I have no complaints I actually cant wait to go back. I wish I...More
This is a typical Holiday Inn Express and does not disappoint on any front. The desk staff was friendly and efficient, the room was clean and in great condition, the bed was comfortable. Nothing missing, not much more you can ask for.
This hotel was clean, great location and staff was very friendly! Price was maybe a little higher but very convenient for a weekend at the ballpark and very close to restaurants and entertainment for kids.
My wife and I were impressed with the large rooms and comfortable beds. Our room was clean. It had a refrigerator and microwave, a sofa, as well as a desk.. The Wi-fi was easy to connect to and we had no problems with that. Breakfast the next morning consisted of waffles, biscuits, gravy, scrambled eggs and boiled eggs, cereal, danish,... More
Stayed here while helping a county dog shelter. Came back to the hotel exhausted and filthy...and the shower and beds were great! The front desk woman was nice and helped us find places to eat in the area. Ovrall, great stay!
We stayed here for two nights and had an overall great experience. The room we had was a king size and had a great size. I said to my husband it was almost too big as we would put things down and couldn't find them. loved having the fridge in there too. The front desk staff were friendly and the... More
This was an OK for a night's rest on a business trip. One of the best things it has going for it is the location. It is in a safe area, near some restaurants and a large Target shopping center. Only 15 minutes to the heart of downtown. The hotel was clean and spacious. Not the most fancy furnishings. Overall... More
Just not satisfied with the outdated room that had a bad odor, stained mattresses, stained carpet and no hot water in the sink due to faucet being broken. The front desk staff was very pleasant and breakfast was good but that won't bring me back for another stay.
We did the same as one of the other reviewers - booked through a deal site so we had to deal with it. This is the 1st time we've been disappointed with the location the deal site booked for us. The room was dated, but not horrible. However, I wouldn't go barefoot or put luggage on the floor. I didn't... More
We stay here every year when coming down to see Loretta Lynn. It could use some remolding now. Needs a make over update. Staff was very friendly as usual. It is at a great location. You can walk down the hill to very nice Rest. or walk to one of Loretta's Country Kitchen Rest/gift shop. Front door to hotel... More
We survived this place but it's not ideal. The ladies who run it are really nice and their intentions are good but I'd plan differently next time. It's not like other Best Westerns I've been in - it's a motel and though it is clean, it's in major need of renovation. I don't recommend it and won't be back.
Though it seems older property but very clean room very friendly staff one of the only few properties that still has smoking rooms available and pet friendly. they have a large parking area with a nice pool, breakfast is good and very filling, just off freeway I-40 i would love to stay any time I come this way
The motel is well kept. Audrey front desk is very helpful, and nice. She's a real pro. My room was recently updated, and very nice. It was also very clean, and fresh. The AC was a little noisy, but nothing I couldn't live with. If I had to come back this way I'd stay here again. There are a few... More
we checked in with ms angellia. Very sweet lady. room was comfortable, we were only there for a short time. Ms Angellia gave us advice on restaurants in area. Very knowledgable about area. She also told us she would be retiring in Novenber, Hopefully you will find someone as sweet as her for replacement
Very welcomed oasis in the middle of the night friendly and expedient staff, comfortable room two hundred feet from a VERY nice restaurant for breakfast the next morning! Our only complaint was the telephone new message alert would ring randomly... after the third time, I unplugged the phone. Lady at the desk said the phones had been acting crazy since... More
We checked into a fountain view room (premium view room)on Sunday. The fountains/music broke down SHORTLY after dark. The next two days or view was the pond drained and workers occasionally powerwashing the rocks and looking at mechanicals. There were saws (like another reviewer commented) beginning early in the morning. They are working on an Alcatraz exhibit and apparently the... More
We are a couple in our 60's typically enjoy a resort away from the action and nightlife but we thoroughly enjoyed our 4 night stay at this resort! The suite was small, quiet, where the action was! It was wonderful being able to take the elevator to all the action! The room was new, very clean and although... More
Awesome hotel and great location. Hotel is very new and extremely clean. Hotel pools are very nice and dinnining facilities are great. First time staying on property but long time Hilton member. Will stay again when visiting area.
This town definitely needed a great new property like the Hilton Garden Inn as most of the hotels are older and many are not being maintained to our standards. My husband and I stayed there last weekend and the rooms are brand new, spacious and in a great location! They have a very nice outdoor pool as well as an... More
I stayed here on a return trip from the beach with my husband. We had a king suite with Jacuzzi tub and balcony as well as a fireplace. Dcor was very modern and relaxing other touches were nice as well I loved the open European styled closets. As well as the modern outlets with USB ports. The rooms were very... More
A clean and nice looking facility which could be in part because it was new. Staff was friendly. Had a nice pool and work out room. On the down side the pillows were terrible and the mattresses only fair at best. For the price I was not happy that it did not come with complimentary breakfast. We went to Cracker... More
This is a brand new hotel... Everything is beautiful,new, shiny clean. The staff goes out of there way to be accommodating friendly... A special thanks to Missy, the night front desk clerk. She went above beyond the call of duty to give us ideas for the area!! Thanks HGI for a great time in Pidgeon Forge!!!
This place should be shut down because it's so filthy. I have filed a complaint with the Rutherford County Health Department. There were Bedbugs in the room...even a bullet hole in the room's window. The room had stains all over the floor...God only knows what they were, and it smelled like something died in there the stinch was awful!
We were traveling through the area and found this wonderful hotel set back off the road, very quite and clean and comfortable. The staff was great and the breakfast was really good. I would recommend this place for anyone passing through or staying in Decherd on buisness.
This visit was above average Quality Inn. Clean!! Low cost hotel for a one night stop over. The lady I think her name is Nancy, who check me in was extremely professional and really very pleasant! The staff was friendly at both check-in and check-out. I was impressed with how nice and clean the room was spotless, the bed linens... More
My husband and I took our three sons to watch hockey in Knoxville. It was a surprise so we did not tell our children. We rented a suite with double beds. The room was very big, the beds were very comfortable, and very very clean. The sheets and towels smelled as if I had washed them myself. The staff is... More
We had no problems with our stay. A little bit of late night hall way loud voices but that was all.
The staff at this hotel are very rude. We would never recommend this hotel. The cleaning people do not speak English. Mildew in the bathroom. The weather was cold down there, the staff kept the air conditioner on in the lobby and hallways and would not turn the heat on even after several people complained.
The room I stayed in had mold all over the shower head. The room was muggy feeling. This is the second Ramada I've stayed at that was a negative experience. The first time I tried to get in contact with the manager on numerous occasions and never heard back from management so I didn't even bother this time. I left... More
Although the hotel was reasonably priced, our shower had mildew in it, and the place was run-down. The staff was friendly, and the outdoor pool was in pretty good shape, but I wouldn't recommend this hotel for more than a brief stay -- there are better options in this price range.
The rooms are nice and clean. We got a small suite which was more or less a standard hotel room and a half, including a small kitchenette. We only stayed one night, but this room would work for a short temporary duty station (fridge, stove, etc). The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful, they have a small convenience store... More
The room we had was part of an adjoining room, and that occupant was smoking(I have asthma, and coughed all night.) Apparently this Interstate Exit is Hook-up Central. As there was LOUD activity on both sides of us all night, and the walls did NOT block ANY SOUNDS- ANY. It was a nightmare, except we were awake and actually experiencing... More
The pictures were dirty with brown stuff, the beds were awful, toliet, tub, sink were all dirty, tv dirty, pool furniture was plastic and broke. The most disgusting place ive ever stayed. There is no breakfast except juice, coffee, muffins, toast.
Place is old ran down, seriously needs to be remodeled. Clean on the surface but little things like stained mattress, chipped paint broken door handles just seem a little bit much. Was highly rated on Hotwire but way to expensive for the result. Staff was very nice. Continental breakfast is just that,but they do have waffle grill. Its the... More
The hotel staff are very friendly and the hotel is very clean and modern. This is a very quiet place to stay.......we slept very well during our stay. Had the suite with kitchen and separate bedroom, which was great!! We would highly recommend this hotel!!Thank you for your good review and we are glad you enjoyed your stay. We look forward to hosting you again here at the Home2 Suites by Hilton Murfreesboro,
Old, dated hotel but I like that, reminds me of going to the Smokies when I was a kid. Rooms are always very clean, bathroom is spotless. Two swimming pools that are old but kept clean. Not a place for partiers, but if you are looking for peace and quiet, reasonable rates this is it.
First off,the price. 50 / night for a hotel is unheard of. You aren't going to get a lot of luxury of course. What you DO get is a FULL kitchen. Stove, full-sized fridge, microwave to go along with a very clean room. You can see some signs of aging, but nothing that would ever stop me from visiting again... More
First off,the price. 50 / night for a hotel is unheard of. You aren't going to get a lot of luxury of course. What you DO get is a FULL kitchen. Stove, full-sized fridge, microwave to go along with a very clean room. You can see some signs of aging, but nothing that would ever stop me from visiting again... More
If you are accustom to high end motels/hotels, this is NOT the place for you. However, if you need a place to sleep and desire a clean room, comfortable bed, and a place to shower check right in. This is an old motel that was probably a Holiday Inn 50 years ago as it had the trademark concrete block walls... More
I really wanted to like this place. On the plus side the view of the creek from the second floor balcony was quite nice. However this was more than offset by my actual experience. I was to stay for two days. My first room had a filthy AC, what appeared to be vomit residue on the covers and black mold... More
Went to our granddaughter's wedding in Shelbyville and stayed at the Wyndham's hotel. It was a new hotel and everything was excellent.
Guest services were very friendly, and quite accomodating. Room carpets were filthy, and smelled. Sheets were clean, but not the blankets or comforter! Only had two sets of towels, but was able to get more at the front desk. Breakfast was definitely not on a diabetics diet! Served Mini muffins, chocolate donuts, mini sausage biscuits, and toast or toaster waffles.... More
I have stayed here many times and have always been pleased. Staff is helpful and friendly and the location is superb. Many restaurants in walking distance and just of Interstate 40. I like the Mexican Restaurant on site. Fast internet and great breakfast. It's been my home away from home.
I made the mistake of waiting until I got into town to book a hotel. Unfortunately rooms were very scarce and I was limited to 3 hotels. I cross-referenced with the bedbug sight and eliminated one immediately. I decided on Key West so I drove up to it before booking. It looks great from the outside so I booked with... More
Very well maintained, clean comfortable. Staff was incredible, so pleasant, friendly helpful. Our room was very quiet despite being busy. Our dinner at the Mexican restaurant attached was absolutely delicious!! Breakfast offered an interesting variety. We would definitely stay there again
We travel across country a couple times per year. We always stay here. The people are helpful AND they are pet friendly and very friendly and accommodating. It is an easy off and on from I40. We will definitely be staying here again.
The hotel is fairly economical, pool area is nice, rooms aren't bad. We didn't like the fact that they are in the midst of a major renovation, and there's lots of construction dust, smell, noise, etc. When we were there in mid-October, you couldn't enter the front door at all. You had to enter on the end of the building--the... More
Everything was clean and quiet-breakfast nice with waffles, bagels, juice, cereal, coffee-under 100-easy access to Downtown Nashville-friendly front desk clerk-even though the outside structure was under construction, it did not impede our stay
What a surprise to find this place, especially in a traveler coupon booklet. We called and got a room not knowing what to expect and what a wonderful surprise to find this beauty. Plenty of room to spread out, a nice rain fall shower and outlets all over to charge electronics. The breakfast had some very healthy choices and a... More
We needed a place to sleep for the night and we ended up at the Hometown Suites (although it is called Extended Stay on TripAdvisor). It appears that they've done some renovations to the rooms (new countertops, new mattresses, and a few other things), but there are still things that need to be addressed..such as the box springs, which were... More
My husband I planned on camping at a horse event for the weekend rain was coming as we were setting up our tent. When the first mosquitos bit us we looked up close motels/ We were pleasantly surprised at this little gem, obviously great pride in the property. New mattresses were put in the day before the... More
This place is old. My room smells musty and the air-conditioner hardly works. So it's hot AND stinky. I am here for five days. I'm only on day two and here's my experience with the room cleaning: Day one literally half of my room was cleaned. One bed was made, the other was not. Who does that!! The trash... More
I went with my daughter to celebrate her 21st birthday. I was sick the whole time but the hotel and staff made up for my ill feeling. Location was great for walking to the many shops and restaurants we visited. The rooms facing the street made it great for people watching at night. The weather could not have been any... More
I thought that this was going to be a very nice hotel. The beds were so hard that all of us had backaches. The sign going in from the parking lot said that the doors would be locked at dusk and we would need to use our room card to get in. This never happened. The doors stayed unlocked the... More
Where to start While the building is beginning to show its age a little, it's a minor issue when compared with the wonderful staff. They were super co-operative, friendly and helpful, from Andrew Capps the Sales and Marketing Manager to Fred the nighttime security guard and all the folks behind the desk, in the breakfast room and the room cleaning... More
This hotel is amazing. I say hotel because it is more like a hunting lodge. Grand lobby with large stone fireplace with pool room off to the side. Amazing wrap around porch that also houses comfortable rocking chairs and tables over looking what can only be described as one amazing mountain view. My husband and I stayed here over New... More
My husband and I stayed here for our anniversary. The rooms are beautiful with a fireplace and wonderful Jacuzzi tub. Loved all the wood gorgeous lodge. Very surprised. And the price was very reasonable. The staff was hospitable and helpful. It has a wonderful mountain view I mean wonderful. Enjoyed our stay and recommend for a romantic secluded stay.
The lodge is beautiful, the rooms are huge and the whirlpool bathtub hit the spot after along day of riding motorcycles. We had read the reviews about the TV so we brought some movies but they also had alot to choice from located in the den. There is a pool table that is really nice as well. The common area... More
Stayed here for two nights to fish the Hiwassee about 10 miles away. Wifi, nicely appointed lodge and rooms. Enjoyed the porch, the common rooms, and the hospitality of the interim management. This place is an easy place to find. It is convenient to the river and to Etowah Benton for dining options or supplies. I recommend it for... More
Very nice lodge. Even though there is a tv in the room, there is no reception/cable. There is no phone or wifi or even a refrigerator. Rooms are very nicely decorated. We were the only guests for several days. A true get away. No food or even vending. Bank now owns property. Management company was very nice.
Black Bear Cove Lodge was truly a wonderful experience. It's in Benton, just about 6 miles from Etowah, which features the Hiwassee Loop Train Experience. John at the lodge welcomed us warmly, and even recommended Stadium BBQ (wonderful) right down the road. We arrived on an off weeknight, and literally had the place to ourselves! He allowed everything to use... More
