I gave this hotel 4 stars for staff and location. The staff were pleasant, very helpful and upbeat. It's a great location right in the center of many historical sights! It's walking distance to sights like Penn's Landing, the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall. The hotel is across from the US Mint, next to Ben Franklin's grave and near some good eateries like Sonny's and Happily Ever After. It also offers its own restaurant, bar and fitness center. Free wifi. It was a reasonable rate for the area. Parking was 36.75 for overnight but you can keep your car there the next day until 5pm. However you may be able to find a cheaper garage nearby. As far as the rooms themselves go- those I would rate a little lower. The room was a little on the small side and definitely could have been cleaner (like the bathroom and under the beds) but it was adequate and by no means did I feel like it was so dirty I wouldn't stay the night. Rooms are probably a 3 however. The room did have a coffee maker, microwave and mini refrigerator which was great! They are updating some different features so maybe this was part of it. Dear Trip Advisor Guest,Thank you for your feedback. I'm glad you enjoyed your stay and I would agree that we are in the perfect location to visit many of the historical sites in the area. It's a great part of town. Thank you again and we hope to see you back sometime in the near future. Regards,
Every time I stay here the Front Desk staff is terrific! A young man named Seamus was on duty tonight and he epitomizes the staff at this hotel. He was fast, friendly and efficient. He was also helpful with directions.The rooms are clean and nice. There is a great work area for my computer, and the chair is just right. There's a fridge and a flatscreen TV too.The dining area has a clean updated look, and the food is very good. Its expensive, but the convenience and good taste makes it worthwhile.This is a great hotel if you want to work in, or visit the historic district. Everything is within an easy walk.Dear Trip Advisor Guest,Thank you for your comments and great review. It's truly appreciated. Thanks again and have a Happy New Year. Regards,
The room was great. The only problem I had was that I called this hotel twice before I came to reserve a room under an employee discount once I got to the hotel the person I spoke to did not put my reservation in nor my name down so I had to pay 230 something bucks when I was suppose to pay 129 Im not sure if I would come back or not after talking to two people and neither did their job at all. Also the front desk agent ain't even try to ask me would i still like the employee discount added in which if I was a front desk agent I would still asked the guest if she still wanted to add the discount.Dear Trip Advisor Traveler, Thank you for the review. I was disappointed to hear of the challenges you experienced upon your arrival to the hotel. I hope that these challenges do not deter you from staying with Wyndham Hotels in the future. Again, thank you for your feedback. Kind Regards, Arvel H., Guest Services Manager
amazing clean rooms at decent price.great variety of breakfast items and kept open until 10 by sam just for us.breakfast lady was very helpful. overall excellent staff running a nice clean place great for 1 night stay
Checked in around 12 pm in afternoon .the front desk allowed early check in.upgraded to king size suite .the big size room was amazing at 64.99 with sofa flat screen new single cup coffee maker.the bed was very comfortable and room was clean.morning again sam was there at breakfast.best breakfast buffet ever had with so many varieties
Unexpectedly needed a hotel near Harrisburg, Va. Stumbled upon the Quality Inn in Carlisle, on Harrisburg Pike, just 0.5 mile from I-81. Our room was spacious, well appointed and clean. The pool area (also well maintained and inviting) had music playing. But best of all was Debra, the registration clerk, who made us feel welsome, and went out of her... More
A snowstorm Feb. 15 forced me to abandon plans to drive from Ohio to CT in one shot so I got off the Pa. Turnpike at Carlisle and found a Quality Inn. I'm not a big fan of Quality Inns from past experience but I had no choice. But this one was good. My nose knows. If I smell cigarette... More
Clean the bathrooms. Noisy! After driving 10 hours, you wa, nna unwind call it a night. Don't do it there! Small plastic tiolet seat. Tub to dirty to put your feet in! I travel a lot. Stayed in quality inns. Just never this one again!
We tried this motel for the first time. Seemed convenient for us to stop there for the night. From this experience, I have learned to always ask to see the rooms before I lay down my credit card. the lobby looks nice...but that was it! As soon as you open the doors to the hotel halls, there was a musty,... More
I am not a fan of Best Western,HOWEVER, this one is not bad. The continental breakfast is poor and the coffee out of the machine is strong. Now the coffee served in the room for my group I was with was good. The rooms are decent. Bathroom was a nice size with spacious room on the vanity. Towels were also... More
Everything was good except we were put in a room with a handicap shower, which was a challenge for us....everything else was good. Great service and friendl staff. Great location as well right across the street from the mall.............
noisy 1st night ,had a team there ,2nd night was fine changedining room lost jacuzzi ,management compensated the rooms to a lower price, however my wife was not happy with the difference, so we made do after talking it over
We decided to go away for the weekend, somewhere kind of local just to get away from work, stress, and everyday projects. My husband and I decided to stay here to go to the mall and just relax. The hotel is pretty nice. Lobby is kind of old looking, needs updated however the rooms are very nice and modern, or... More
I merely stopped in at the Best Western last night to use the bathroom. I stopped at the wawa across the street and they had no bathrooms. when I pulled in, I noticed the grounds were very well kept. I, myself, work in the hotel business in Delaware so I have a high attention to detail. the lobby was bright... More
I stayed here to go to a concert in Philadelphia. It was a great choice. Easy to get to road into Philly and if the mall is a priority this hotel is right across from the hotel. Pool looked popular. There are other attractions nearby that are not tied to the city.
I'm working in KOP for a while so I'm staying 3 or 4 days a week. I have stayed at the Best Western for the last two weeks. I can't find a single thing to complain about. The Staff is outstanding. I stayed on the 3rd floor the first week. I made a reservation for the following week when I... More
Nice room, good beds slept great, patio chairs on a warm summer evening made sitting outside at the end of a long day a great way to wind down. I also like having a hot breakfast available in the morning, a good way to start the day This is on the top of my BW list
As planned and notified, we arrived late, close to 11pm. The room we reserved was not available, so for 3 people we did not receive 2 queen beds but rather a king bed and a disgusting roll away. The pillows were wimpy, lumpy, and worthy of the trash. The sheets were not percale, nor sateen, nor crisp cotton, instead they... More
My daughter and I visited the area to check out Chestnut Hill College on the weekend of Nov. 14, 2015. We booked our stay at Best Western Plus based on reviews I had read. This place was wonderful and I can't wait to stay again. The room was clean and super comfortable beds. Wifi was reliable and I was able... More
Good room amenities and well appointed room decor. There was a nice outdoor courtyard. Breakfast was perfect and had good variety and I even sat outside on patio. Checkin went smooth and checkout receipt was under my door in the morning.
Found hotel on Priceline. Close to Reading Market and convention center and Chinatown. Small but grand lobby. Rooms comfortable. Has Starbucks and restaurant bar in hotel. Decor is retro chic Security is good (need room key just to use elevator). Wifi is free.Tip: 15 for a glass of wine that costs 9 bottle is rediculous. Lots of bars within a 1 block walk. Tip 2: parking is 44 per night. Might want to take train in (several stops nearby).Thank you for being our guest at the Courtyard Philadelphia Downtown. We are glad you liked our convenient location which was perfect for your needs and that you were impressed with your comfortable room. Thanks again for being our valued guest, we hope to be of service to you again soon! Thank you, David KiddAssistant General Manager
This was a weekend getaway to surprise my soon to be with a 40th celebration. The room was perfect. In fact we barely left hotel. Everything was assessible and the amenities made it a relaxing stay. I would come back anytime. In fact we did not cash in our casino chips to make sure we came back to Philly and staying here is a must.
Stayed at this delightful hotel for 4 nights, beautiful old building rich with history. Very convenient to many local attractions across the road from the beautiful city hall building. Rooms are clean and very comfortable.Also close by is Reading Terminal Market, a must visit for foodies, great place to eat any time.The bonus is having a Starbucks kiosk in the lobby. I highly recommend this hotel in the city of brotherly love.Dear Melinda1966,Thank you for sharing your fabulous review of the Courtyard Philadelphia Downtown. We receive many positive comments about our convenient location from the guests, and we are glad to know you had a comfortable time with us. Your recommendation is truly appreciated, and we look forward to impressing you again on your next trip to this area. Thank you,David KiddAssistant General Manager
First off, we are Marriott members. As such, we were given money each day to use in their Starbucks store (onsite) or in their small store that carried snacks and drinks. What a nice bonus!!! We were able to walk to the Christmas market (in...MoreDear BABYKAZ06, We appreciate your loyalty towards our brand and are glad to welcome you to the Courtyard Philadelphia Downtown over your Thanksgiving week. We are glad you enjoyed our convenient location and courteous service. Thanks for your business, and we look forward to welcoming...More
Located just a few blocks from the bus station and Reading Terminal Market, the location is great for tourists! The pool and jacuzzi were small but great amenity, and the room was huge and quiet with a fabulous view, and they provided us with a nice and clean pack 'n play. Breakfast was pricey so we ate daily at Reading Terminal Market's Down Home Diner which was cheap and delish!Thank you for staying at the Courtyard Philadelphia Downtown and for your review and excellent rating. We are delighted our location was perfect for your needs and that you were impressed with your accommodation along with the great view it provided. We are also happy that our on-site amenities were to your liking. However, we are sorry for any inconvenience caused. We enjoyed having you as our guest and hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back in the future.Thank you, David KiddAssistant General Manager
I chose this hotel from the other reviews that I read, and it met all my expectations. It was clean, nicely furnished, and the staff was friendly. It was also close to many local hot spots. There is no free parking at the hotel, but there is valet that allows you to stay parked until 6pm your day of check-out, that way you can continue to sightsee the day you are leaving. I would definitely stay here again, without a doubt:)Dear Jaime C,Thank you for staying at the Courtyard Philadelphia Downtown and for your excellent review. It was pleasure reading we met all of your expectations and that you and your partner loved our spotless property and helpful staff. Thanks again for the being our guest, and we look forward to seeing you both soon.Thank you, David KiddAssistant General Manager
In January I stayed in the Marriott Residence Inn and the Philadelphia Marriott Downtown and did not have a very positive experience. This time I decided to mix it up and stay in the Courtyard Philadelphia Downtown, and it is by far the best of the three hotels. The rooms were comparatively nicer, quieter, and overall more comfortable. The staff was also much more helpful. The next time I come back to Philadelphia, I will definitely stay in the Courtyard Philadelphia Downtown!Dear Rebecca K,We appreciate your loyalty towards our brand. We are glad your stay at the Courtyard Philadelphia Downtown was amazing and that you and your family loved your comfortable room and our staffs exceptional service. Thanks for your terrific feedback, and we are pleased to know that we will be your familys preferred choice for all your future visits to Philadelphia.Thank you, David Kidd Assistant General Manager
Room was clean and comfortable. Hotel is secure, room key is required to access floors the rooms are on. Staff is friendly and accommodating. Convention center is one block away. Lot's of restaurants nearby that will satisfy all budgets.Dear itraveltheworld2013,It was a pleasure to have you as our guest at the Courtyard Philadelphia Downtown. We are pleased to read our location was ideal for your needs and that you were impressed with your well-appointed room and our helpful associates. Your feedback is much appreciated, and we hope to have the honor of hosting you again soon.Thank you, David KiddAssistant General Manager
We've stayed here before. We like it. It suits our needs just fine. The facility is showing some signs of wear, and the gym, at 82 degrees this morning, was a tad bit uncomfortable, but the rooms are large, clean and comfortable. I sleep pretty well there. Handsome Companion sleeps very well there (as usual). The staff is very nice and very helpful. It's not a real Starbucks, but a serves Starbucks. For real Starbucks, go next door to the big Marriott. Great location and easy access in and out of town. Dear Holly K,Thank you for staying at the Courtyard Philadelphia Downtown once again. We are glad you had a wonderful stay, loved your spacious room along with the comfortable bed and our excellent location. We hope to have the pleasure of welcoming you again whenever your travels bring you back to Philadelphia.Thank you, David Kidd Assistant General Manager
Location, room, and staff all excellent. In the center of the city close to Reading Terminal market and walking distance to Independence Hall (about a mile) and to Museum of Art 1.5 miles. wear you're walking shoes, but you are also right across from the Septa Line at old City Hall. And speaking of City Hall, what a view! Asked ahead of time for a room and we were so fortunate to look upon the City Hall building with William Penn standing above the clock tower. It is part of the skyline and could see it all the way from the Stadium complex. Best Courtyard I have ever stayed in.Dear BobfinNH,Thank you for choosing Courtyard Philadelphia Downtown during your recent visit to the area. We appreciate your comment that this is the best Courtyard you have ever stayed in. We have a very unique hotel, in that we are in an historic building from 1926 which was completely modernized in 1999 and completed renovation in 2014. As you mentioned, we also benefit from an outstanding location in the heart of the city, with easy access by walking and also public transportation for a small fee. We look forward to having you back with us soon.
Just stayed at the hotel for five nights for an international conference. Loved the hotel: excellent service and a beautiful early 20th century architecture hotel: old Philadelphia. The service was excellent! My only concern was the swimming pool 3 feet in depth: do not quite get this. Other than the pool, we loved the hotel, the cafe/bar, Starbucks, and the care we were given. Certainly look forward to returning!Dear whiteoakspring,Thank you for choosing Courtyard Philadelphia Downtown during your recent trip to the area. We are pleased to hear that you enjoyed our outstanding location in the heart of Center City, with easy access to all the amenities and attractions Philadelphia has to offer. Our hotel is a unique property in Philadelphia, as we have the benefit of an historic building from 1926, combined with a complete modernization of the building, and a recent custom renovation. We look forward to your staying with us again soon.
Our regular hotel during marathon weekend was all booked, so we stayed here and we were very impressed. This hotel is beautiful and newly renovated. The staff is extremely friendly, check in and checkout was seem less. Its a great location in the city, conveniently located to the town hall, reading terminal market and other great downtown locations. Dear shelltravelstheworld,Thank you for sharing your wonderful experience at the Courtyard Philadelphia Downtown. We are delighted to know you thoroughly enjoyed your time with us and that our outstanding hospitality and convenient location made it even more memorable. Thanks once more for allowing us to be of service, and we hope to have the pleasure of doing so again on your next trip.Thank you,David KiddAssistant General Manager
The location of this hotel is great - within easy walking distance of lots of dining options (including Reading Terminal Market, Panera, Starbucks, etc.) also walk-able to historical sites and sightseeing locations. The staff is super friendly and helpful. The downsides were room size (small and bathroom painfully small!), lack of outlets for charging, and questionable housekeeping/cleaning. If the indoor pool is a draw - do not book here for that! The pool is small and really dirty. It seems that residents book on weekends to let the kids use the pool. It was really loud with kids running and jumping into a 3 ft pool and hot tub. Disappointing if you are traveling with kids who are looking forward to some pool time on vacation.Thank you for staying at the Courtyard Philadelphia Downtown and for taking the time to share your feedback. We are extremely proud that our staff were able to make your stay an enjoyable one. It's also nice to know our convenient location and closeness to the Historic District, with many restaurants and shopping venues close by, made your stay even better. Please accept my apology for the housekeeping issues you encountered during your visit. Our staff is passionate about providing guests with the cleanest facilities, so we are checking into the situation now to see where we failed. We are committed to providing you with the best accommodations and service. I sincerely hope you will give us another chance to prove it to you on a future stay.Thank you, David KiddAssistant General Manager
I recently stayed 2 nights at this property on a business trip. My room was nicely updated, comfortable and quiet. The staff were friendly and helpful. Rather than the typical Bistro set up in the lobby for food and drink, there is a full service restaurant and bar. The downtown location is excellent with easy access to multiple restaurant options. This is a good choice in downtown Philly.Dear StevefromKaty,It is so nice to read your wonderful review about your business stay at Courtyard Philadelphia Downtown! We are thrilled that you had an excellent experience, and we appreciate you highlighting our service and location. We would love to welcome you back the next time you are in the area. Thank you, David Kidd Assistant General Manager
The location is outstanding. The price was very fair (109+tax on a Friday night). They gave me a recently remodeled upgraded King room with a fantastic view of City Hall and downtown. Check-in was easy, and the man who helped us was pleasant.The remodeled room was large, colorful, and trendy. The bathroom was very nice and spacious (shower and toilet in one room, sink in another), all with new fixtures. There was plenty of closet, drawer, and desk space. However, when I opened one of the drawers, a prior guest must have left behind some very expensive perfume. That seems like something the cleaning lady should have caught.The sheets, while pristine and white, had a few stray hairs and strings. The carpet in the room and hallways looked very dirty and covered in dust. Some parts of the headboard were quite dusty. Despite the recent remodel, there was a large crack in the ceiling and some of the end tables were very beat up. The window was very dirty.Still, for the price and location, however, it is well worth it for a quick a stay.
Everything about our 1 night stay was great. The location is very convenient to the train and ideal to take in all the holiday sights. The hotel was decorated beautifully and all the staff we encountered from the housekeeping, front desk, bellhop to restaurant staff was excellent and gave great service. I mistakenly left my credit card at the Starbucks rushing out to catch the train and by the time I got to my destination, I got an email from management alerting me to the fact they had it. One call to security and they shipped it back to me and I had it in two days. Thank you Marriott for a great stay in a great city!Thank you very much for your positive comments about our hotel facilities and our outstanding staff. We appreciate your sharing with us the excellent assistance you received in retrieving your credit card which was left behind. We do hope that you will stay with us again during your next visit to Philadelphia.
Beautiful location and property. Amenities galore... nice people. Bed was hard, walls thin ( I could hear the guy next door OVER my own husband and teen snoring). As the hotel cannot control the level of sound made by a human snoring, overall, a nice hotel and will likely stay here again.
Close to Longwood Gardens. Many shops and restaurants near by. Plenty to see and do. Well maintained hotel. Good value. Breakfast was delicious!! Many HOT options for a Saturday morning. Close to Wilmington DE
Very accommodating staff. We asked for early check in and as promised our room was cleaned and ready to check in when we arrived. Clean rooms, free breakfast and an indoor pool too! Very nice hotel overall.
Recently rennovated rooms are EXCELLENT - ALL staff were professional and freindly - exceptional free breakfast offerings - breakfast has different hours for weekdays and weekends - Omelette Chef on duty for weekday breakfast !!
It was like a 5 star hotel... grand being the key word. The ground were beautiful nice entrance very lovely. Room very modern and clean. Flat screen TV. Nice breakfast with a cook to make omelets. Clerks were very attentive.
The hotel is kind of new. The rooms are beautiful, clean, spacious, modern. The hotel offers free parking and is very close to the Philadelphia Airport. The breakfast was perfect - waffles, eggs, oatmeal, toast, croisants, muffins, sausages. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The hotel is not the cheapest but you pay for an excellent service. The drive to Philadelphia downtown was about 20-30 min.
Very nice hotel with easy access and extra security makes this property an excellent place to stay. Rooms are clean and I found the staff to be on top of their game. Ruby Tuesday is next door with in walking distance and makes a fine place for dinner.
We were visiting our son and didn't realize the weekend we were able to travel was the same weekend just before the NFL draft and the Penn Relays. Rooms were few and far between in the city itself and what was available was more than double the usual price. So, we opted to stay at the Hampton Inn near the airport. It was an easy 17 minute drive to the city, free parking, and nice complimentary breakfast.Thank you so much for telling us about your recent experience at our hotel. We are so glad that you had a pleasant stay. We strive everyday to exceed our guest expectations. We look forward to serving you and your family in the future!Thank you for making it the Hampton Inn By Hilton Philadelphia Airport!Adrian Woods, Director of Sales
Very clean, friendly and accmodating. Stayed overnight to catch an early flight. Complimentary shuttle on time and well cared for. Coffee available 24 hours, breakbast bag to go before continental breakfast was available. Very nicely remodeled room. Updated and attractive....CLEAN! Super comfy beds and pillows.
We stayed here because we had an early morning flight. The hotel was immaculate, andthe customer service was great! We also left our car there for four nights. When we returned from our trip, the hotel van picked us up within minutes of our call.
The location of this hotel was convenient and easy to get around. We made use of the shuttle service as well as the public transportation. The service was great and the personnel did not hesitate to respond to any of our requests. I will be a guest again.Thank you so much for telling us about your recent experience at our hotel. We are so glad that you had a pleasant stay. We strive everyday to exceed our guest expectations. We look forward to serving you and your family in the future!Thank you for making it the Hampton Inn By Hilton Philadelphia Airport!Adrian Woods, Director of Sales
We always choose Hampton Inns and we were not disappointed during our stay. We chose this particular hotel because of it's proximity to Citizens Park (10 minutes away). We were greeted warmly at the front desk and by all of the housekeeping staff. The only suggestion I have is regarding the breakfast the eggs were a little weird (they tasted ok but they looked fake) and there should probably be more than one waffle maker to eliminate a long wait time. We will continue to choose Hampton Inns for our future trips and will definitely stay at this particular hotel the next time we attend a Phillies (or Flyers) game.Thank you for your kind words and feedback regarding your recent stay at the Hampton Inn Philadelphia Airport. We look forward to serving you again soon if your travels should bring you back to Philadelphia.Director of Sales
My wife and I stayed at the Hampton Inn Philadelphia International Airport prior to taking a flight. We arrived in the evening and were departing early the next morning. We checked in online and were greeted very nicely by the staff. The informed us of the complimentary breakfast in the morning and other amenities that they offered. There was complimentary Wifi in the room which was great as we were able to check in for our flight and browse the web. The room was very clean as was the bathroom. That evening they even had complimentary cookies in the lobby. I would highly recommend this hotel. We only stayed at the hotel for a short time, but I wish i was able spend more time to take advantage of the entire experience.Thank you for your kind words and feedback in regards to your recent stay at the Hampton Inn Philadelphia Airport. We look forward to serving you again soon if your travels should bring you back to Philadelphia.Director of Sales
Upon arrival, receptionist was warm and friendly and helpful. Room and bathroom were spacious and clean. Air conditioning unit was very noisy, so didn't sleep very well. Upon departure, receptionist wasn't like arrival. But, would definitely stay here again. Having the closeness to the airport was great.Thank you for your response and feedback in regards to your recent stay at the Hampton inn Philadelphia airport. I personally apologize for any inconvenience you may have had during your stay. We hope to serve you again soon if your travels should bring you back to Philadelphia.Director of sales
Now, of course this is not a huge Time Share resort or anything like that . But looking at hotels like the Comfort Inn, Best Western , Etc ... this is how i view this hotel. And it is specifically the one at the Airport in Philly. This is a great hotel easily my favorite out of them all. Whenever we go away Internationally or within the USA we always stay here. Also love the Park and fly where they watch your car while you are away. This hotel did something for us that no other hotel has ever done . When we went away to Paris many years ago while we were sleeping they sent their driver out overnight and in the morning they gave us 2 Plane pillows to have on the flight. Those are a good 20 each . Just to say have a good time. Who does that !!! As a TY we brought them back some souvenirs and try to always give them something when we come back. We also Love the breakfast. Always at least 2 hots included and there are waffles you can make . Food has never run out . Recently late late at night the coffee was a little cold. I would have dealt with it but they insisted on me having hot coffee. They tied me up and made me wait for it . It was not so bad because i also had a cookie . If you have a flight before breakfast they have bag breakfast you can take with you. Of course drink the water before you get to the airport. The Park and Fly is great nice to know your car is safe while you are away. There is a Ruby Tuesday right next door too if you want dinner. When we got there they offered a wine as an arrival treat. Also a new nice touch is they actually when they pick you up at the airport offer to take you back to the HI for a nice drink before you leave . This is new and a nice thing to do. The only things i can say that would be better is work something out with the restaurant next door where maybe we get a discount or something. HI must give them a TON of business. A lot of places we stay we get a discount at the adjoining restaurant when you show your room card. Also it was a bit confusing in the airport looking for the kiosk that has the HI number to call for pickup. They moved everything and i wandered around looking for it never found it. Luckily i saw the van outside and he waited while we got the luggage. Other then that it is our favorite hotel to stay at for the Airport Stay.Thank you for your kind words and feedback in regards to your recent stay at the Hampton Inn Philadelphia Airport. We look forward to serving you again soon if your travels should bring you back to Philadelphia.Director of Sales
Stayed on recommendation for convenient airport shuttle service. Was very pleased with everything else about our brief stay. The girl at the front desk wen out of her way to ensure we understood the extended parking procedure. Breakfast was great.Thank you for taking the time to tell us about your recent experience at our hotel. We are glad you were very pleased with your stay and our staff. We definitely look forward to serving on your next visit to Philadelphia.Thank you for making it the Hampton Inn By Hilton Philadelphia Airport!
Clean rooms and the staff was very personable. The towels were folded nicely in forms of animals and other things. Jasmine was great upon checking in. The building is under construction. Everyone went out of their way to make us feel welcomeThank you for your kind words and feedback in regards to your recent stay at the Hampton Inn Philadelphia Airport. We look forward to serving you again soon if your travels should bring you back to Philadelphia. Director of Sales
Very clean and updated hotel. About 5-10 minute drive to all sports stadiums, on the other side of the highway is the airport, and train to city center is 2 blocks away. Staff was very friendly, staying in city center is great but the hotels cost 3 times as much plus parking.
Hotel location was convenient and GPS took us right there. Room clean and comfortable. We like Hampton Inns since they all have consistently good hot breakfasts and this one did not disappoint. Room with taxes jumps to about 180 due to high, unavoidable Philadelphia taxes. Still reasonable for the area. Could stay cheaper but the online ratings were poor at other hotels. Happy to pay a bit more knowing that we would be happy.Thank you so much for taking the time to tell us about your recent experience at our hotel. We truly value your feedback. We are glad you enjoyed our staff and location. We are looking forward to your next stay when you are in the Philadelphia area.We look forward to serving you! Thank you for making it the Hampton Inn Philadelphia Airport!
I spent two nights here on what was a VERY busy weekend, due, I imagine, to any number of colleges ending their spring semesters. The hotel was jammed with visitors and because I arrived late in the day, I got what must have been the last room, even though I had had a reservation for several weeks. I was put in a handicap-access room on the first floor, which was spacious and seemed quiet due to its location at the end of the hall. However, at 7:45 am the construction crew started working in the room directly over my head and I was awakened by the sound of someone scraping the floor above my bed. So much for sleeping in for a late work day ahead...I complained by phone to the front desk and they apologized and promised to move me for the second night of my stay. Two hours later I checked in at the desk to see if I could move before I had to leave for work, but was told that the hotel was again booked solid and they would see what could be done. At that point, I got angry and mentioned that I had requested the change hours before, I am a Hilton Honors member, and anything else that I could think of that would persuade the agent to make the change. She did point out that the renovation work was posted on their website, and there was a printed apology in the lobby, neither of which made me any less sleepy...She finally found a room on the third floor, which was above the floor being worked on, and I moved. It was a nicer room. HOWEVER, bright and early the next morning (Sunday) the sounds of a power nailer wafted up through the vent in the bathroom. Luckily, I had to be at work early that day anyway, so I was already up. If you are booked here, try to get as far from any renovation construction as possible. Thank you for taking the time to tell us about your recent experience at our hotel. We are very sorry that you werent happy with your guestroom during your recent trip. We try to accommodate all reservations but occasionally we cant meet every room request. Your feedback is important us. Were very sorry for the noise issue you encountered in the morning. Your comfort is our number one concern, and we appreciate that you brought this to our attention. Your review will help us correct similar issues in the future. I would like to hear more details on your stay. If possible you can contact me at Jessica.Jones2hilton.com. Our renovations are now completed and we hope that the next time youre in the area, youll consider staying with us again.Thank you for making it the Hampton Inn Philadelphia Airport!
If you are visiting the Philadelphia area, I would highly recommend this Hampton Inn, located at 8600 Bartram Avenue. The staff is welcoming and helpful. The hotel is clean, safe and conveniently located to everything in Philadelphia. You will not regret your decision to stay here.Thank you for your kind words and feedback in regards to your recent stay at the Hampton Inn Philadelphia Airport. We look forward to serving you again soon if your travels should bring you back to Philadelphia.Director of Sales
Our family prefers to stay at Hampton Inns when traveling. If you are traveling on a budget, I suggest booking this hotel. We checked with other Hampton Inns and Hilton hotels in the area and they were outrageously priced. We discovered, the closer to the airpor, the better deal for your stay. This hotel is your typical Hampton Inn. Hotel was clean, breakfast was good, beds were comfy, staff was friendly... If in the area again, I will definitely stay at this hotel.
Overall the experience was excellent. We were greeted promptly. The bath area and shower were clean. The room overall was very clean and the beds comfortable. I did suggest foam pillows rather that dwon/feather pillows for those with allergies. Fresh coffee and breakfast were excellent.Thank you for your feedback in regards to your recent stay at the Hampton Inn Philadelphia Airport. We look forward to serving you again soon in your visit back to the Philadelphia area. Director of Sales
I agree that this location seems to be a bit older, but has had renovations recently to update the look. Only one elevator worked, and some of the clientele was questionable, however overall our stay was satisfactory. It did take 2 requests to get some extra pillows, and no fridge/safe. Great breakfast, and staff was friendly.
We have stayed at many Hampton Inns across the US in our travels and this one compares very favorably. Rooms were large, very clean and appeared recently upgraded. Complimentary breakfast offered alot of variety and was excellent. As with other Hamptons, free wi-fi, a business center and guest laundry were available. The most impressive part of our stay was the staff - extremely pleasant and helpful. Ruby Tuesday is within short walking distance and was a welcome option after a long day of travel. You won't go wrong choosing this hotel.
We booked an overnight stay at Hampton Inn in December. We usually stay at the Renaissance when we stay near the airport, but that hotel was booked, so we found the Hampton. We don't regret it one bit! We would definitely stay here again.Check-in was prompt and the staff was friendly. Our room was ready immediately upon arrival at 3PM. We got a room on the 5th floor with a nice view of the city skyline. The room was clean and spacious. We booked at king- bed room with a pull-out sofa bed and all four of us (all adults) slept comfortably. The HVAC unit was very efficient. When we came in there was cold air blowing, but after a slight thermostat adjustment it was very cozy. There is free Wi-fi in the rooms. All you need to log in is your name and room , so that was very convenient. We didn't notice any noise from neighboring rooms, but several doors slamming in the hallway at 5AM did not go unnoticed. I guess one should expect that from an airport hotel, however, since most travelers will be leaving early to catch a flight. An airport shuttle runs fairly frequently, but we weren't flying on this trip so we didn't use it. However, we did need a cab and had the front desk staff call for one. It arrived in less than 5 minutes! For meals, there is a Ruby Tuesday next door. We chose to dine in the city that night. We did, however, enjoy the free breakfast in the morning. Hot food, not just continental fare! The coffee was freshly brewed and the food was plentiful. That morning they served cheese omlettes and turkey sausage but I understand that the menu changes daily.Overall, a good hotel and the price was quite reasonable! We will definitely stay here again.
This is clearly convenient to the airport. The facility is what you would expect for a Hampton Inn. I found that my key didn't work when I got to my room. I went down stairs to get it exchanged. The clerk told me I must have had it too close to my cell phone. (I found it strange that she had to make an excuse for it. I hadn't even brought my phone out of the car yet. I wasn't miffed). Later, I found that we needed covers for the pull out couch. I went back down stairs again to ask for them. She wrote it down told me housekeeping would be up shortly. They never came. They needed more staff to cover the number people coming through the location.Thank you for your feedback in regards to your recent stay at the Hampton Inn Philadelphia Airport. We apologize for the inconveniences that you had throughout your stay. It is not our typical way of Hamptonality. We hope that you will try us again if your travels should bring you back to Philadelphia.Director of Sales
Our flight was cancelled and we went to another facility and found it unfavorable. We called Hampton Inn and they had accommodations. they got us in fast, were professional, sympathetic, and helpful. We appreciated too that the towel with Hershey Kisses made it feel inviting and like home. A warm welcome. Our flight was scheduled to the next day and they allowed us to stay in the room until 1:30 pm then remain in the lobby/breakfast area until we were ready to go. We felt safe.Thank you for your kind words and feedback in regards to your recent stay at the Hampton Inn Philadelphia Airport. We look forward to a serving you again soon if your travels should bring you back to Philadelphia.Director of Sales
Excellent place to stay, It is convenient to the Philadelphia Airport and offers 24 hour shuttle service. The room was clean and provided more than was expected with a refrigerator and microwave included which often is an extra, I am extremely pleased with this hotel!Thank you so much for telling us about your recent experience at our hotel. We are so glad that you had a pleasant stay. We strive everyday to exceed our guest expectations. We look forward to serving you and your family in the future!Thank you for making it the Hampton Inn By Hilton Philadelphia Airport!Adrian Woods, Director of Sales
We stayed overnight to catch an early flight. We parked our car there, which was 7 a day, which I did not expect. Others don't charge anything. Room was clean, typical room. Shuttle to airport was great to and from the airportThank you for your feedback in regards to your recent stay at the Hampton Inn Philadelphia Airport. We apologize for the information that you were not aware of. We hope that you will stay with us again soon if your travels should bring you back to Philadelphia.Director of Sales
6am breakfast (and then that's late) ... an international airport should be at 5:30am at the latest quality of the food was well below normal Hampton Inn standards staff were helpful by constrained by hotel policyThank you for your feedback in regards to your recent stay at the Hampton Inn Philadelphia Airport. We apologize for the inconvenience that your received throughout your stay regarding Breakfast. We do hope that you will try us again soon if your travels should bring you back to Philadelphia.Director of Sales
The hotel was fairly typical of what you'd expect from the hilton branch. The staff was exceptionally friendly and very accommodating! The hotel is located near the Philadelphia hotel as well as the local train that takes you straight into downtown philly. I highly recommend taking the train over the bus. Thank you for your kind words and feedback regarding your recent stay at the Hampton Inn Philadelphia Airport. We look forward to serving you again soon if your travels should bring you back to Philadelphia.Director of Sales
Did not know what to except at a hotel near airport.So glad we choose this one. Excellent stay. Friendly, helpful and professional staff.Room was clean and comfortable. Bathroom was immaculate.Taxi was available at 3:30 am for our trip to airport.Dining right next door.Did not use it , however the pool looked very nice.Thank you so much for telling us about your recent experience at our hotel. We are so glad that you had a pleasant stay. We strive everyday to exceed our guest expectations. We look forward to serving you and your family in the future!Thank you for making it the Hampton Inn By Hilton Philadelphia Airport!Adrian Woods, Director of Sales
Great customer service! Service to the airport and long term parking was very economical and convenient. The shuttle service to and from the airport was very efficient. Thank you for your great service!Thank you so much for choosing the Hampton Inn at the Philadelphia airport for your stay. I am so pleased that you enjoyed your stay. Thank you for recognizing us and our staff and there service. We look forward to seeing you when you are back in the area.
Only there 7 hours since we head a real early flight. The employees are the nicest of anywhere I've stayed. Called early in the day with a question - happy to help. Checked in - smiles all around. Shuttle the next morning to the airport - again - as nixes as can be. We used stay and park or park and fly where we can leave our car there and the price is competitive. The only (not really a ) complaint is that the extended parking is a little ways - 2 minute walk - from the hotel. Not an issue unless you have trouble getting around (and they might help) or weather. I would do it again!Thank you so much for telling us about your recent experience at our hotel. We are so glad that you had a pleasant stay. We strive everyday to exceed our guest expectations. We look forward to serving you and your family in the future!Thank you for making it the Hampton Inn By Hilton Philadelphia Airport!Adrian Woods, Director of Sales
Nice place to stay at would stay here again. Service was very good. Staff was very friendly . Close to airport and they will take you and bring back to. It was very great stay and would recommend anyone to stay.Thank you so much for telling us about your recent experience at our hotel. We are so glad that you had a pleasant stay. We strive everyday to exceed our guest expectations. We look forward to serving you and your family in the future!Thank you for making it the Hampton Inn By Hilton Philadelphia Airport!Adrian Woods, Director of Sales
Over the years I have stayed at numerous Hamptons and been generally satisfied, but not now.We stayed at this Hampton for two nights. Somehow we got into a handicap room. The room was sparsely furnished with only one desk style chair no place to put a suitcase and hooks behind a curtain for a closet. The first issue was the heater which we set at 69 degrees. We went to bed early and at 11 PM woke up sweating to a temp of 84 degrees. Obviously the thermostat did not work. The handicap shower has a vertical slide to hold the shower head but it would not stay at the top nor would the sprayer stay vertical it would flop down. The real issue was a total lack of housekeeping when we returned on the second day. A coffee cup with an inch of coffee was still on the nightstand along with the ice bucket full of water and the bag half in the bucket. I had left it in front of the TV with the lid off so they could see it but they did not move it. In the bathroom there was a little powder on the floor from the morning which was still there, obviously they did not sweep or mop the floor. But the coup de grace was the toilet paper floating in the toilet. That was disgusting, they never touched the toilet to clean or someone used it while we were gone. Overall the hotel was noisy with trains going by during the night an you could hear voices from the lobby. The breakfast was mediocre with a small breakfast area. Look for a better place to stay then here. When I mentioned the issues to the desk clerk she took my number and said the manager would call. Now 72 hours later no call, what does that tell youThank you so much for taking the time to tell us about your recent experience at our hotel. Your feedback we truly appreciate as it helps us to make the necessary improvements. We truly apologize that we did not meet your expectations during your stay with our service. Every day is a learning experience for us and we strive for excellence daily. I would like to hear more about your recent experience. Please feel free to contact me via e-mail at Adrian.woodshilton.com. We look forward to serving you in the future the next time you are in town.Thank you for making it the Hampton Inn By Hilton Philadelphia Airport!Adrian Woods, Director of Sales
So I will say I'am not a big fan of Hilton however my front office Manager gave me gift certificate to this property and everything was fine the room was beautiful and had a great time until a month later I found out a room that was a free night stay got charged 183.65 and instead of trying to correct the issue right away I have to wait till they track down an employee to verify that I gave my gift card to her what I dont get is Hampton is is suppose to give you a free refund if you are unhappy with your stay well you guys charged me for a stay and I was not suppose to be charged and your making it hard for me to get my refund so I dont know how true the if your not satisfieded statment is I am waiting to see if I am reimbiursed before I say I will never stay at another Hilton branded property also I called for towels since there was only 2 in my room and had to go to the front desk to get them myself the guy that answered must have never relayed the messageThank you for taking the time to tell us about your recent experience at our hotel. Let me take this opportunity to sincerely apologize for the service and issues you experienced during your stay. We want to insure your experience is always exceptional and exceeds your expectations, your feedback is important to us. I would like to hear more about your stay (Adrian.woodshilton.com). We strive daily to exceed all of our guest stay. We look forward to serving you! Thank you for making it the Hampton Inn Philadelphia Airport!Adrian Woods, Director of Sales
Our fight was leaving late and hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. breakfast was really good. Everything was where we wanted. Check in was smooth. The room was very comfortable and clean would recommend this hotel.Thank you so much for telling us about your recent experience at our hotel. We are so glad that you had a pleasant stay. We strive everyday to exceed our guest expectations. We look forward to serving you and your family in the future!Thank you for making it the Hampton Inn By Hilton Philadelphia Airport!Adrian Woods, Director of Sales
If you've seen the movie Trains, Planes and Automobiles, you can partially gain an insight as to what my staff and I went through during the 2007 Valentine's Day storm trying to leave New York City to head back to Los Angeles. I'll spare you the ugly details of what happened, but I can say that the ordeal ended on a very positive note. Somehow we wound up in Philadelphia en route to the Philadelphia airport and needed a clean, warm, close place to stay along with important features such as free hi-speed Internet access and a hot breakfast. The Hampton Inn was remarkable. The staff was gracious and the rooms were very pleasant. Little touches such as a long Ethernet cable that extended across the room, warm fresh cookies served in the lobby and free shuttle service from the train and to the airport made all the difference in 16 degree weather. We made it back to Los Angeles a few days later than planned, but the Hampton Inn made that delay manageable.
We missed our connection at PHL airport, and the fist thing we did was to find nearest hotel and were so glad that Hampton is just around the area. It is not just the brand we are after with Hampton or any Hilton Group hotels, but most specially the staff, from the airport shuttle driver, to the desk, housekeeping, i should say, every staff always welcome us like we were family, never had any problem eversince..Thank you so much for telling us about your recent experience at our hotel. We are so glad that you had a pleasant stay. We strive everyday to exceed our guest expectations. We look forward to serving you and your family in the future!Thank you for making it the Hampton Inn By Hilton Philadelphia Airport!Adrian Woods, Director of Sales
Whether renting a car or needing a shuttle, this hotel is very convenient. A Wawa and Ruby Tuesday's are within walking distance. It is a bit pricey, but for me the location was worth it.The room was quiet and the beds were comfortable. The free breakfast was average free breakfast fare. Since our room was not ready on time, we got 1/3 off our cost... making it a great deal.Thank you so much for telling us about your recent experience at our hotel. We are so glad that you had a pleasant stay. We strive everyday to exceed our guest expectations. We look forward to serving you and your family in the future!Thank you for making it the Hampton Inn By Hilton Philadelphia Airport!Adrian Woods, Director of Sales
Our stay before our flight was as good as everyone states except for one thing. One of the reasons we like Hampton is that we can grab something to eat on our way out. We realize that there would be no real breakfast at 4 am when we left but the night receptionist hinted to at least some muffins in the morning. We were so disappointed to find nothing. Not even the juice machines worked. Oh, we did get our coffee and tea, which were wonderful. We were even able to grab the Sunday paper, which was an unexpected bonus. Just disappointed not to get anything else.Dear PACachers,Thank you for sharing your recent experience with us at our hotel. We truly value your feedback and comments. We are glad you enjoyed your stay with us. We apologize and understand that we did not exceed your expectations regarding breakfast. We appreciate your feedback it helps us to strive for excellence. We hope to serve you on your next trip to Philadelphia. Thank you for making it the Hampton Inn Philadelphia Airport.Thank You!
My wife and I have stayed at this facility over the years and have never been disappointed. Very helpful and pleasant staff from the desk down to the service staff. this hotel is so good I have recommended this facility to a lot of my...More
My husband and I stayed in the Hampton on October 20/21, 2012 as we were flying out of Philly on the 21st for a 15 day cruise. We love the Hampton and have never found the rooms or staff to be in any way deficient. Rooms are great and staff outstanding.Only upsetting thing - upon returning, we attempted to contact the hotel for the shuttle back to pick up our vehicle. Call 1 - answered, asked if I could be put on hold (done before I could answer), cut off - Call 2 - answered again, same thing, I said no, I've been put on hold and lost. Person said, I'me having a bad day..seriously. Calls 3, 4, 5 - rang up to 25 times and no answer. Finally, a young man answered and we were picked up by your great driver - this was November 7 at about 6:30 to 7:30 pm. (don't have exact time was irritated by this time).I would still stay here...would like to have the young lady answering calls to be talked to.
Not only is this hotel one of the nicest value priced properties, every staff member is extremely professional and friendly, especially the shuttle driver, Happy, who bent over backwards to deliver us where we needed to be. He also improved our visit by providing tips on places to see and dine. This Hampton Inn is a great location with a train station to the city or airport less than a ten minute walk from the hotel.
I stayed recently for 3 weeks because I was working nearby. The property was very nice, the surroundings we not great though for a long term stay. It is extremely close to the airport which made it convenient. The room was comfortable, I asked for a refridgerator and although it was not placed in the room when I arrived all 3 times, it was promptly brought up after I checked in. The breakfast area is small but it was nice to sit in during the day. There was not too much variety to the breakfast items but everything was good. I also used the fitness center which had new equipment and was clean.Overall the staff was pleasant and helpful and the property was clean and comfortable. Unfortunately for a long term stay the surroundings are a little blah, not much to do unless you have time to venture into the city of Philadelphia. There is a Ruby Tuesday next door for dinner but aside from that I found you had to venture pretty far to find places to eat that weren't in a sketchy neighborhood although I will admit I didn't do too much exploring since I was very busy at work while I was there.It was a nicely run Hampton and I would stay there again if I were to be working in the area.
I would avoid this hotel. Bad customer service. I left a device in the TV to charge and it is now gone. I called the hotel after I returned home and explained the situation and they mentioned they would get back right in touch with me. NEver happened. I emailed the manager twice and no response. So I went through Hilton to try and get a response knowing full well that the device is gone. They could not get a response from the hotel either. I was credited the amount of my stay, but unfortunately my device was worth more. Miraculously I got a call from the hotel the day after Hilton tried to contact them and after a few exchanges they said what i already knew - they could not find it.We are committed to delivering outstanding service and what you described in your review was disheartening to all of us. Please let me begin by offering my sincere apologies. We value your feedback, and if these concerns were brought to our attention and we still failed to resolve everything to your satisfaction, I am truly sorry. Please don't hesitate to contact me directly with any other concerns. We value your loyalty to the brand and will like the opportunity to serve you in the future. Thank you for staying with us and for your feedback. Kind Regards,Ralph AmaroFront Office Managerralph.amaroHilton.com
If you are taking an early morning flight from Philadelphia International Airport and you don't want to get up very early to drive to the airport, it's not a bad idea to stay overnight at the Hampton Inn adjacent to the airport and use their park and fly service. On a recent trip to North Carolina, my wife and I were scheduled on an early flight, and we live about two hours away by car. Rather than awaken in the wee hours to make our flight, we drove to the Hampton the previous afternoon, parked our car in their designated parking lot, enjoyed a good sleep and a good breakfast, and were driven to the airport by van on the following morning. All things considered, the cost was reasonable and we didn't miss any sleep.Like all Hamptons, the facility was clean and comfortable, the staff was pleasant and helpful, and the breakfast was more than ample. This hotel seems to be showing its age a bit, but that didn't negatively impact our stay in any way. The location is very good as an airport hotel...the van will get you to the departures area in about ten minutes, but there are only two convenient restaurants nearby, a Ruby Tuesday and the restaurant in the nearby Embassy Suites, and there are no nearby shops (excluding the airport, of course).
This is one of the nicer park and fly hotels that I've found in the PIttsburgh area. I've used this hotel twice now when flying off on vacation and have had positive experiences each time. The hotel is clean and the staff is very friendly. The transfer service to the airport and then back to the hotel on our return... More
It was fine for staying near the airport and being able to park the car. Rooms are tired. Floors creak and because it is an airport hotel, luggage wheels roll at all hours. Breakfast was okay. Location is good, near nice restaurants. Airport shuttle was timely and drivers were friendly. The entrance was nice. Just tired rooms and noises luggage... More
We attended a conference as well as leisure/conference, very clean Hotel, bed slept extremely well. love the large rooms, living room separate. Bathroom a little small but very updated, quiet, no traffic noise.
We loved staying here to avoid a chain and support locals. They keep the place very clean. We had a fridge and microwave. Sat by the pool out front in the evening. Great weather, but a lot of traffic. The rooms are in the back of the property so it was plenty quiet.
This is a very quiet and nice hotel. The people there really care about what they are doing. The breakfast is a great traditional Holiday Inn Express breakfast. Very quiet and off the roads so you can sleep very well. I highly recommend this hotel.Dear Harley B, Thank you for this wonderful review! We appreciate your kind words. We hope to see you next time! Jason. Guest Experience Champion
Had a great time , room was clean and staff was nice ! Breakfast in the mornings was nice. Came from the Red Lion Inn !1 TERRIBLE PLACE DO NOT STAY THERE. Please check out this site before booking a hotel !
Whenever I visit my family in Pittsburgh this is our first choice. Friendly staff, clean rooms, and nice services. We've come here often and prefer this Hampton Inn location. The location is convenient for day trips in SW PA.
The staff was friendly and very kind. They were not frustrated when their company computers were malfunctioning. They handled everything with a smile. The coffee was always fresh and the condiments where well stocked at all times. Cookies at 5pm were a pleasant surprise.
We are officially dumping hilton doubletree in Philly in favor of Monaco for all future stays. The hotel decor is fun, and more importantly the staff seems educated and trained in hospitality. The mini bar had healthy, organic snacks. The robes were fun (leopard and rocky themed). Breakfast at the red owl tavern was AMAZING! It was pricey at 55 for two people but we had tofu scramble, fresh fruit, potatoes, coffee with soy milk, and fresh OJ.
The hotel was beautiful, our room was clean and well decorated - however the true gem in this hotel is the staff. Everyone was friendly, and extremely willing to accommodate any request, including a last minute late checkout and the need for extra umbrellas. Strongly recommend if you're in the Philadelphia area, as it's close to the train, the liberty bell, and a whole host of restaurants and bars.Eliza D -Sorry we couldn't keep the rain away! We tried our best. But happy to help you stay and linger a little longer. Hopefully we'll see you again soon!Best -Mark
I recently visited the Hotel Monaco Philadelphia on a business trip. The hotel met all my expectations. The staff was pleasant and accommodating, the location was superb and the rooms were cute, funky, and comfortable. Nice touches such as wine hour in the lobby. I'll be back!KimWW2013 -Thank you for choosing to work for your company, who gave you the opportunity to stay with us! Great to hear that you'll be back.Best -Mark
Stayed here for 3 nights. A really funky and comfortable hotel. Helpful and able front of house staff with easy check in. Room very comfortable - especially the bed. Nice bathroom and cool decor and furnishings. Loved the Alice's adventures in wonderland book by the bed. Added to the quirkiness of this place. Gym just the right size too. I had an issue with hot water one morning but quickly resolved and appropriate response from the management. This is my second stay in a kimpton hotel in Philadelphia and my first at hotel monaco. I will come again.Peter H -We'll break the bad news to the Hotel Palomar (our sister property) that you'll be back here. Thank you for choosing the Monaco and embracing the (subtle) quirk. Sorry to hear about the hot water hiccup, I assure you that is not typical by any stretch.Safe travels -Mark
We stayed here for two nights. Staff was friendly. Close to Fairgrounds for Jeep Show. Room was clean but sparse. No clock or shampoo but for the price we had a nice stay. No U tums on route 30, therefore not the easiest to get to.
Had a great time. Picked the hotel since it had restaurants and entertainment located inside and connected to the hotel. Food and drinks at the tavern were great and reasonably priced, breakfast buffet was even better than expected. Connection to the casino and other restaurants was very convenient and a great time. Overall had a fabulous time and was exactly... More
Very nice atmosphere. It was quiet and peaceful. Of course not all of the cottages were occupied so I'm sure it would be a bit noisier if they were. Our Girl Scout troop stayed in the Valley View cottage. There were 8 of us, 4 teenagers and 4 adults. The set up was perfect. The cottages were very clean. Kitchen... More
We enjoyed 3 days midweek,Christmas week, in a Black Bear Cabin. It was fabulous...just what we were looking for. Very cozy, wood fireplace, close to hiking, lots of privacy to come and go as we pleased,and with the availability of the lodge for a special meal or two. We had one breakfast and one dinner at the lodge and it... More
We enjoyed 3 days midweek,Christmas week, in a Black Bear Cabin. It was fabulous...just what we were looking for. Very cozy, wood fireplace, close to hiking, lots of privacy to come and go as we pleased,and with the availability of the lodge for a special meal or two. We had one breakfast and one dinner at the lodge and it... More
We arrived around midnight after a concert in nearby Denver. The desk clerk took a while to check us in, as he needed AAA card, rewards number, driver's license, credit card, plate number. He is very thorough. First the good. The room was on the large size, with nice clean laminate floors. The mattress looked new, and the sheets were... More
Like others have said it is clean and quiet. BUT... Old tattered towels I would use as cleaning rags. A gallon of paint would do wonders for the trim and the doors. When we were packing our car, the owner walked past two times but...More
The room was clean and bed was comfortable. Some what expensive but less than almost all others in the area. Breakfast was Danish or bagel and coffee was good. Great customer service and if I make it back to Gettysburg, I would stay there again.
We were invited to a wedding at the Wanamaker Crystal tea room. So we decided to stay at Lowe's on market Street because it was so close to the venue. From the moment we pulled the car into the valet parking the help and staff were more than exemplary. Check-in was a breeze they were more than helpful and we were in our room within five minutes. Our room was very contemporary and decorated nicely. It was also very nice to see people staying with their pets, I didn't know that it was a pet friendly hotel. next visit I certainly will bring my dog.There was a threat of rain and quite a few of the employees informed us that we could get umbrellas at the valet desk that they would loan you very nice touch. I would highly recommend this hotel.We are glad you enjoyed your recent stay and that you enjoyed ease and comfort from start to finish. We are a pet friendly hotel and would love to host you and your dog during a return visit. We look forward to your future stay.Ryan F.
Nice location, nice looking hotel, but needs some sound proofing! I was in a King room just off the elevator lobby, which is marble, could hear people talking outside and in the room next to us as if they were in our room. Doors slam shut so hard we woke up every time our neighbor came in or out. Room was nice size, bed was a little hard for my taste. Great view from our 24th floor room. Don't think I would stay here again unless there is an update to the building in terms of sound proofing. Valet was overwhelmed the day we arrived (large convention in the hotel) It took a trip around the block since we drove past the line of cars waiting, and a 20 minute wait to get parked. Elevators were over taxed at busy times due to a full hotel and busy convention. Staff was great and friendly.Thank you for your recent stay at the Loews Philadelphia Hotel. I am glad you liked the property and our backyard. I am sorry to hear you did not get a decent night sleep due to the noise. When you return to the hotel, we can place you in a room at the end of the hall which will help as well as ear plugs are available complimentary from the Front Desk. Thank you again for your review and we hope to host you again soon.
Requested a corner room with a city view at check in. The man at the reception desk graciously found the perfect room and provided it for us. The view of the city was spectacular especially at night. We received great suggestions for lunches and dinners within walking distance. One night we were too tired to eat out and snuggled into our comfy king bed and ordered room service late. It came in rapid order and was delish! Can't wait to return to Loews in Philly! Highly recommend!Thank you for your recent visit to the Loews Philadelphia Hotel. We are delighted to hear that you enjoyed your visit, especially the view from your room, our central location, and the delicious food from in-room dining. We look forward to welcoming you back for your next visit.Scott N.
This is my favorite hotel in Philadelphia, and definitely the best value-to-price ratio in town. The service there goes so far beyond expectations that you find yourself continually smiling with surprise (think: Peninsula hotels). From a helpful check-in and even more helpful check-out in a snowstorm, to a stunning room high above the city (try to get into one of the corner rooms on a top floor), everything at the Loews was impeccable. The vibe is stylish and hip but warm and welcoming at the same time. Every Loews Hotel is distinct and this one is very Philadelphian (worlds away from, say, Loews South Beach). The location is ideal for the Convention Center and restaurants in Center City.We are delighted to hear that we are your favorite Philadelphia Hotel! Our team will be happy to hear that you enjoy their friendly, helpful service and the view from your room. We look forward to welcoming you back in the future.Scott N.
The hotel is great and the refurbishment is outstanding. Very large rooms with nice amenities. Downside is that they don't tell you that they require a 100 per day hold on your credit card for miscellaneous incidentals until you check in. That being said, they charged me 600.00 instead of 300.00 and then took 3-5 business days to refund. Due to their error their staff has offered to refund any issues this caused with bank/credit card. Overall the area and the hotel were great, but several guests at our conference had similar charging experiences.Thank you for your recent stay at the Loews Philadelphia Hotel. While I am pleased to hear you enjoyed our large rooms and nice amenities, I apologize for the issues you encountered with incidental charges. Thank you again for your review and we hope you will afford us another opportunity with a return visit in the future.
I stayed for 1 night as part of a business trip. It actually looked to be a relatively new hotel or maybe there upkeep is very good. Check in was quick. I noticed when walking to my room the hallway decor was a bit darker than a typical hotel. Brown carpet, dark room doors, I actually liked it better than... More
A well located hotel for going to Dowchemical. Comfortable, clean rooms, quiet with a nice breakfast and great staff. I was upgraded to a suite upon arrival thanks to my Hilton membership. The room was spacious.
Was in town for 4 days to work the KFFC held on July 114-17. This is my 2nd time staying here and hope to be back next year. This is a great hotel. Everyone is very friendly, courteous and generally interested in pleasing the guests. Theresa at the bar/eating area was excellent. On the 2nd day down for BF she... More
I was here recovering from surgery at Laser Spine. I had to stay close by the surgery center. The staff were wonderful! Room was clean confortable. Nice little gift/snack bag on checkin they accomodated an early check in! Lovely fire pit outside was warm relaxing! Delucious breakfast! Highly recommend this hotel!
This hotel is very conveniently located within walking distance to the Oakes Expo Center. It is very well appointed both in lobby, front desk, restaurant, indoor pool and fitness center. The front desk staff was very helpful in ensuring that I had the rooms I requested.
This older hotel or motor court was quite comfy and clean. The place is being updated. The family that runs it couldn't have been nicer. Stayed her twice.Also, when you book your room you get a discount or free breakfast at the cute diner next door. They too are wonderful and friendly. We had alot of laughs.
The staff was very friendly. The room was spotless and looked recently remodeled. The beds were comfortable and the room had all the little perks to make it a nice stay, and it was quiet. My wife really liked the way the hotel and parking lot was lit up at night, it made her feel very secure. The little restaurant... More
Just arrived home, we stayed one night. On arriving we went to check out the room. There were tiny ants crawling around on the Bathroom floor. We didn't see them anywhere else in the room. Of course no one could have seen them on the carpet if they were there. The room was an updated room, whomever updated it needs... More
Check-in was quite Pleasant rooms are clean little pricey but worth the price. We did not use the amenities but they looked well kept. Staff seemed very friendly all in all great experience. We would definitely stay there again.
We were here for a boys volleyball tournament. The lobby was finishing renovations and when done will be really nice, modern, airy and clean. Front desk was super friendly throughout the stay. Breakfast was good approx 10.95 for for buffet. Not a ton of room for seating given the size of our group but we made it work. Room was... More
I love the Bellevue - great historical property in the heart of Center City Philadelphia - on Broad Street with great proximity to the theaters, City Hall and shopping - short cab ride to museums and historical area.Tons of old world charm - extremely clean and furnished well. Staff was friendly, welcoming and just a pleasure. Had a great oversized king room (husband is still in awe of the quality of the tv picture ) Had drinks up on the 19th floor - beautiful views - have dined previously in the restaurant - did not this stay but would recommend especially for a special occasion. We visited for an overnight to celebrate an anniversary however I have stayed at the Bellevue for meetings/conferences and also attended weddings - regardless of reason, I have always experienced excellent service, value and always left, pleased with my stay.Thank you for choosing us to celebrate your anniversary! We are delighted that you enjoyed your stay with us, and that you felt cared for by our staff. We look forward to your next visit!Kindest regards,Michelle G.
Being a Hyatt Globalist, Hyatt is generally number 1 on our list when choosing hotels. The Hyatt at the Belleview died the disappoint although some minor things were a little bothersome. Overall we received great service from the team, starting with the really efficient and friendly lady that checked us in, she was great. We were given a complimentary suite upgrade on the basis of my status which was great. The room was huge, nicely laid out with a big living room and separate bedroom. 2 things bothered me about this suite, 1) the room itself was very dark, facing the inner courtyard there was practicallly no natural light and not enough lighting and 2) the bathroom was really small.The hotel is part of a Grande olde dame of a building that has been restored nicely to its former grandeur, this is also evident in the wrought iron staircases, wonderful ceilings and art spread throughout the hotel. Breakfast at XIX was good but not great - standard selections on the buffet that could be expanded a little - this was free as part of the Globalist status but does come up short when compared to other Hyatt hotels, but decent in any case. The hotels location is great if she our ein town to explore the city and its sights and museums, pretty much everything is walking distance.All in all this was a good hotel, if we ever get back to Philly we'll be basing ourselves there again.Thank you for your loyalty, and for choosing Hyatt at The Bellevue during your recent visit to Philadelphia! We view feedback as a gift and we appreciate your constructive ideas. Our Management staff have been notified of these suggestions regarding the guest rooms and the breakfast offerings. Thank you again, and we hope to see you again very soon!Kindest regards,Michelle G.
My stay was better than expected. It was unusual that check-in is on the top floor, but it didnt bother me (although the wait for the elevator can be a bit slow). I agree with one reviewer who commented that the hotel was a little confused on their design. The top floor (as pictured on their website) has a very nice contemporary feel a really good first impression. However, when I arrived on the 14th floor where my room was located, it felt like Gumbys grandma was hired to design it. Whoever chose this designer must have owed someone a HUGE favor because I have never seen lime green in that quantity. I would not have mentioned the dcor if I was at some cheap hotel in Vegas but I think it was strangely (and noticeably) out of place here. Despite that, the room met expectation, given the location. For the most part, it was clean and the bed was comfortable. If you look a little closer, you can definitely spot some noticeable wear and tear, but nothing that really bothered me. There were some perks that made the stay more comfortable a loofah scrub for the shower, disposable slippers and complimentary bottled water just to name a few. Outside the room, all the staff I spoke with were all pleasant and helpful. I had dinner (once) and breakfast (twice) at the restaurant XIX and found the food excellent each time. I would definitely eat there again. The location of the hotel is excellent 5-10 minutes walking distance from the Walnut Street entrance: Rittenhouse Square to the left, the Historical District to the right, the Theater District just down Broad street and the Convention Center up the street. I encourage using a taxi instead of renting a car as it looked like parking is a premium (I think I saw a sign at a parking lot that said 3.25 for every 20 minutes). One important thing: If you are a light sleeper and not used to the city sounds I recommend bringing ear plugs. The three days I spent there I could barely sleep a wink because I was constantly woken up by the sounds of sirens below (theres a hospital nearby). On the second night, I was woken up by what I think was street cleaning around 4 or 5 in the morning. It sounded like an alarm clock beeping for what felt like half an hour.I wouldnt mind staying here again if I was on business (i.e. company pays). Its a little pricey for what you get.
This hotel was terrific and very comfortable and clean. The health club with a lap pool and sauna was a necessary bonus. The restaurant on the 19th floor was lovely and the food was great. It's location is central and easily metro accessible.Thank you for choosing The Bellevue Hotel during your recent visit to Philadelphia! We appreciate your kind feedback and hope to see you again soon. Kindest regards, Michelle G.
The guestroom was average. It felt rather cold due to lots of empty space. Management may wish to add some furniture and accessories to make the rooms feel warmer.Unfortunately, our room location was near the elevator so throughout the night we heard beeping and the running of the motor for the elevator car. The bathroom was dated and needs a refresh. It could've been a little cleaner as well.Notwithstanding the above, the hotel's location is excellent. It's near many of the local attractions including Independence Hall, the Liberty Bell center, shopping on Walnut Street and local restaurants. Also on the positive side, the common areas of the hotel are very well maintained and a pleasure to walk through. We stayed at a hotel because we were attending a wedding and the hotel catering was very good. The event people did a great job. While we are pleased to hear that you enjoyed your event and found our location convenient, we apologize if our guest room did not meet your expectations. These suggestions have been passed along our Housekeeping team in order to improve our practices. Thank you very much for your feedback, it is much appreciated!Kindest regards,Michelle G.
I checked into this hotel this past week for a one night stay in Philadelphia. The hotel has a GREAT central location, and is located in the heart of everything.As a Hyatt 'Diamond' member, i found this hotel very confusing. It is clearly a grand, historic property. The lobby and common areas reflect this. The hallways on the room floors are a flashback to years gone by. The bold patterned wall papers and bright green colors brought memories of the 70's and my grandmothers taste at the time. I kept thinking Jackie O. might walk around the corner at any moment.Conversely, the rooms were remodeled in a contemporary, stark style reminiscent of hotels like W. They style in one area says one thing, and then a sudden CONTRAST that was not good. The room designs were a bit cheap, cold. It was VERY odd. I had a corner 'suite', which was HUGE. I was upgraded, so i feel bad complaining....but it was a VERY odd hotel stay.It felt like they didn't have the money to tie things together by remodeling the dated corridors at the same time as the roomsIt also reminded me of one other Hyatt hotel....the Grand Hyatt Buckhead in Atlanta. This classic hotel had their lobby remodeled in a very contemporary manner that didn't match anything else in the hotel. Crazy.The service was 'OK'. My check in was fine, but trays stayed on the corridors....and several room service tables were in place for the entire 24 hours i was in the hotel. Check in was fine. I tried to eat upstairs, but got frustrated at the crowd from a wedding....and left.Elevators were slow.The hotel is clean. Its OK.... The design team should be fired guys. Really awful.Sorry....Thank you for taking the time to review our historic hotel and we hope you had a wonderful holiday season. Even more so, thank you for your loyalty to Hyatt. We completely understand what it takes to attain Diamond status and truly do appreciate your patronage to our brand. That said, it is truly disappointing to hear we did not exceed your expectations on your visit to the Bellevue. You had mentioned our current design in your review and we can certainly understand your point of view. In 2010 only our suites went under renovation thus leading to the style difference between the corridors and the room you stayed in. We are very much looking forward to a full room renovation in 4th quarter of 2015. All standard guest rooms will be renovated with a style an elegance to match this amazing historic building. Furthermore the soft goods in our suites will be replaced or refinished at this time as well. We believe this renovation will take our hotel to another level. In regards to trays left in the hallway, we have already addressed with our In Room Dining team and we will obviously look to improve in this area. Once again, thank you for you feedback, as it is crucial to our success. If you would like to talk further about your stay, please feel free to message me privately so we could arrange time. All the best!
Recently had stay at the Hyatt in Philadelphia for the AOTA conference. Easy access to the convention center,entertainment,plays and wonderful restaurants. We had conference pricing so that was reasonable rooms were very roomed and niceThank you for your compliments, Alfred. We hope you enjoyed your conference and found some time to explore our surroundings. Our staff hopes to see you again soon! Kindest regards, Michelle G.
Awesome Place But the staff needs to work on the details!!!!This will make this a much better place! I do not think you will be able to find a better place to stay in the city if the Hyatt can fix that small area!!Ronald, thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt at The Bellevue! We thank you for your feedback and apologize for any inconvenience that we may have caused you. If you would like to speak further about your stay, you're more than welcome to contact me.We look forward to welcoming you back again soon.Kind regards,CR
Was a bit concerned when I saw some negative comments about this hotel on this site. I must say my stay was great. If you book through a name your price site be aware they only guarantee a king bed. But I called in advance, and although it wasn't guaranteed, our room with two queen beds was waiting for us. It's super convenient for theatre and shopping and it's a nice walk to Independence Square. Very friendly and helpful staff. Delicious apples at check in.
A great place to stay. A good location in the centre of Philadelphia with friendly staff who make you feel very welcome. Good facilities such as the sports centre and bar XIX on the top floor. Comfy bed.Thank you for choosing to stay at Hyatt at The Bellevue. We're glad to hear that you enjoyed our top floor XIX (NINETEEN) Restaurant and room accommodations. Our hotel is located in the best spot in Philadelphia just minutes away from all the attractions, and next to the Broad Street Subway Line which is a quick ride to all the Stadiums/Universities.We hope to welcome you back to Philadelphia soon and please follow us on Twitter bellevuephillyKind regards,CR
Staff helped with any needs and questions room was clean and comfortable also location will meet any needs for a stay in philly near city hall had shopping and food of all types to choose from will stay here next and any time we visit philly againThank you for the wonderful feedback you gave regarding your recent visit with us. We are very proud of our hotel and are glad that you experienced the service that Hyatt prides itself on. We look forward to serving you in the future.Sincerely,Christine NeroneChristine.Neronehyatt.com
Stayed in room 1207 for 8 nights in town for event at Kimmel Center which is a very easy walk away. Room was lovely , spacious with large sitting area, had couch and 2 chairs, coffee table, and dining type table also with chairs. Room was quiet . Restaurant for lunch was very nice great service and food. Nice to have the shops and food court below the hotel.Internet 5.95 a day via T mobile also worked in the Starbucks etc, cheaper than I have payed in many hotels.Would definitly stay again, even my teenagers loved it
This is a very nice updated hotel. The rooms are very nice. It is close enough to to drive to Hershey but far enough away to not have the crazy Hershey hotel prices. If you are visiting Hershey I would definitely recommend staying at this hotel.
My wife and I were both traveling in PA and I was able to glom on to her reservation on my way to Williamsport the following day. She used mobile check in and I beat her there. The desk clerk was great and Fter checking my ID, gave me the keys. I asked if it was a quiet room away... More
Great place to stop in Spring, Summer and Fall have a beer and a steak sandwich on the deck. Most of the help is made of of local high school and college kids, service is usually pretty good.
Staff were helpful and friendly. Wireless internet signal was strong. Doesn't have a fitness center so you have to go to the Residence Inn next door for a work-out. The RI fitness center has 2 treadmills, 1 elliptical, and 1 stationary bike. It also has some barbells up to 35lbs. If you like to run outdoors, then there really isn't... More
The Fairfield is a value-budget hotel. Amenities were fine and commensurate with price. Complementary breakfast was good. Bed a little too soft but otherwise very good. Service friendly and helpful. Restaurants nearby. It is very convenient to I 81
Service was fine but the hotel was worn down: I felt like it was a Comfort Inn. I was on the second floor and heard people above me walking -- a lot. Have to use the neighboring Residence Inn for fitness center. This place needs a remodel . Was it originally a Fairfield I wonder
Hotel staff was very friendly! Room was clean and the bathroom was large and clean. Breakfast was very nice... hot and plentiful. The hotel is in an area not far from many stores, mall, big-box retail places... too far to walk but within 5 minute drive. While there we took a nice trip to Nay Aug Park. Overall, this was... More
We booked this hotel minutes before arriving and were beyond pleased. My son raved how it was the nicest hotel he's stayed at and he's traveled a lot. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. The pool felt very warm and perfect! The staff was very kind and accommodating. The restaurant had a very yummy breakfast buffet for a good... More
While attending a Women's Retreat in November 2015, I must say the most impressive element of my experience was such intimate customer service. The hotel is beautiful, the rooms are spacious and clean, the food is delicious (thanks TJ) but the interaction with the people of the Central is most memorable. From hotel leaders to dining staff and housekeeping, everyone... More
Hands down, the best hotel I've ever stayed! Helpful and friendly staff. Cozy and well kept rooms. The atmosphere is warm and inviting. Also, very easy to get to. The wait staff at the Irish Pub attatched to the hotel makes you feel a part of their family. I can't wait to come back!
This hotel was so much better than I expected out of a Best Western. The lobby is beautiful, the room they gave us was very nice (after also giving a free upgrade to a suite), and it was close to many restaurants including Oreilly's. They lost .5 due to their pool situation. They claim its a heated pool but I'd... More
Came here for a one-night stay from Chicago, I had a co ple meetings in the area. Requested a King size bed when I made my reservation. When I went to the front desk they told me all the rooms with King beds were taken. So they put me in the family suite instead! It had a room with the... More
Amazing location on river with viewing deck and gas fire pit! Part of waterfront district with shops and restaurants to walk to. close to kennywood. The rooms were good and staff so nice. Pool was a plus too. Modern facility. Great stay!!
Excellent hotel, clean, quiet, good breakfast, excellent service, check in and check out was easy. breakfast feature I had not seen before was an automatic pancake maker. Put your plate on the right side, press a button, and out pops a pancake. cannot comment on the quality as we did not eat any. Only negative the room was too sterile,... More
We'd made our reservation a week ahead, but when we arrived, we had to wait for someone to return from unexpected business to the office. When we inquired about AARP or other discounts, we were told No, we don't do that. However, Senior Citizen Discount is on their brochure. We also were overcharged from the rate that we were quoted... More
Stayed in a room with one king bed. HUGE room with space to almost live like you do at home. Nicely remodeled with comfy furniture, good bed, decent pillows. Ask for a room away from the front of the hotel if you don't like road noise. I thought my window was open but it was just a window that did... More
My wife and I went here for a day visit and enjoyed it. Her being new to the nudist lifestyle she asked me to check it out along first. So I went with friends and liked it so we went a couple of weeks later. She like the pool area although it was a little too crowded. We got food... More
The employees are friendly and helpful. Rooms are nice size and clean. They offer many different floor plans up to a 2 bedroom suite. Breakfast is included in the room price and is very good. The pool and hot tub area was large and well kept. The game room was a nice bonus, not large but entertaining. It is close... More
Truly incredible room, very clean and felt at home. Jan at the front desk was very helpful and friendly. Great pool and jacuzzi, overall just a very friendly and accommodating staff. They have an awesome game room too, it's a big space. I really enjoyed my stay here and would highly recommend this particular hotel over other properties in the... More
We have never been less than 100 satisfied with this location. Everything is perfect every time. Each time we stay we become more familiar with the location and the surroundings. We also become more knowledgable with where to eat and where to shop. It's a great hotel with a terrific location and professional, accommodating staff.
This is a reasonably priced location with nice rooms. There is an excellent restaurant right next to the location, Timber Creek which is a micro brewery. They have a pool for those that like swimming. The free breakfast was really excellent.
Me and my family stayed at the Aloft Philadelphia Airport this past weekend for my son's 16 birthday. The staff did a awesome job at making our experience memorable. Thank you Angel and Wayne for everything..Thank you so much for sharing your amazing review. I hope your son's birthday was truly a special day. We will share your positive feed back with the staff. We hope your travels bring you back to Philadelphia!
I had stayed at the hotel in October with my bf. The room was on the smaller side but very comfortable, clean and modern. The location was good, right by the airport. For us, the noise of the airplanes did not bother us. Once and awhile you noticed it but nothing crazy that we couldnt sleep. But what do you expect youre by an airport. They have a really nice shower with a sliding door for privacy. No lock on the door but it slides shut for privacy. Also had a fridge which was a plus as well as a coffee maker :) Down in the lobby they had a station called refresh, and that was really cool. You could get food, snacks and ice cream. That made it easy because you didnt have to leave the hotel to get snacks if you were hungry. They had an outside sitting area which was really chic and modern. It was nice to watch the planes fly in. Another awesome feature was they had a 24 hr. gym and it was a nice one. Not sure about the pool hrs. but they had a nice sized pool there as well. Only problem we had encountered was with the gate. We could never get it to work when we left and entered, Always had to bug the poor girl inside to open it for us. Other than that it was a beautiful modern hotel with great amenities, clean rooms and a friendly sharply dressed staff. I would definitely recommend this hotel and hope to stay there again. I loved how modern this hotel was and how it had everything we needed that I actually want to go to some of their other hotels in random states just to try them out too.
We stayed Saturday night at Aloft after the 76ers game. The hotel is fun and young. Loud urban music plays throughout which makes it feel like a dance party! The room is modern and unique with the bathroom area directly behind the bed. We had a great view of liftoff too! We had a few drinks at the bar, played pool and even Connect Four. We had a great time with no complaints. There is a 7 charge for parking though. We were about 10 minutes from the game.Thank you for your review of the Aloft, PHL Airport. We are glad to hear that your stay with us was an enjoyable one. We look forward to welcoming you back soon. Regards
Double charged my credit card and then refused to assist. Room was only so so and did not fix broken fridge and bathtub or offer to move our room. Would never stay here again.
II have stayed at numerous hotels and I have to say that this was the worst. The water was not hot (warm at best). The heater did not work or shut off. The coffee pot and trash cans were not emptied. The shower and the sink still had water in it from whenever. The drains seemed to have been clogged.... More
we stay here on a regular basis when visiting family in the area. Staff are accommodating and the breakfasts are good
We recently stayed at this hotel for the first time, and will return again in June. The location can't be beat, and the hotel was just fine for our needs. We had a king bed room on the first floor (our choice), which was clean and well equipped. The room was a bit worn, but nothing too major. The included... More
Very good place to stay. Staff was very professional and friendly. Would recommend this place to anyone travelling to Washington, North Carolina
This hotel was in great condition. Everything was clean. The rooms were a little small but I enjoyed having a kitchenette. Two down sides would be that since it is an extended stay hotel, housekeeping only comes once every two weeks. By the end of...MoreWe are excited to see that you enjoyed your stay with us, overall. We hope you will come back and stay with us again the next time you are in town.
Only reason I gave it 1 star is cause it's clean. As for everything else it sucks. Beds suck, pillows sucks. You get a kitchenette but you need to bring your own or buy there's for 35 which is a RIP OFF. Will never be...More
I should have read the fine print but I'm used to places where extended stay also means that short stays are what you'd expect at any hotel. Not! The rooms are very utilitarian, not at all what I'd call cozy. Reminded me of a college...More
I stayed at this hotel recently while passing through on business. The hotel is only a couple years old and still seems new. The staff is extremely friendly and there's free breakfast in the morning. In my opinion, it's the nicest hotel in Warren.
Staff were very pleasant and went over and above ordinary. They made sure we had everything we needed. Room was very clean and bed was comfortable. Didn't hear an excess noise when trying to sleep. We will always choose Warren Hampton in when going back...More
This Hampton Inn is always excellent. The entire hotel is clean and comfortable. The staff is friendly, welcoming and helpful. The breakfast is excellent and coffee,tea and bottled water are always available.
Love staying at hampton always nice and clean!kids enjoyed the pool free breakfast was great and staff was so nice highly recommend it to anyone I always look for a hampton first when we need a hotel they are reliable for there politeness and cleansliness
Excellent clean hotel and friendly staff. Staff was very helpful. My kids really enjoyed the cookies at night great touch. They also liked the waffles in the morning along with the extra toppings provide was very unique.
We could not say more about this hotel. Everything was very efficient right from check in until we left. Wonderful beds, very helpful staff and great breakfast.
The staff welcomed me as the guest of the day! They were extremely kind and helpful. The breakfast was good and the hotel is pretty updated. The bed was surprisingly super comfortable. The Suite that I had was pretty spacious and included a fridge, sink,...More
Excellent staff clean environment. Staff takes great pride in their work I definitely would stay again. Hotel was the best Hampton inn I've stayed at. I ve no reservations about this facility. Hilton chain should be proud.
The hotel is nice, seems fairly new, or recently updated, and as we've found at most other Hilton Brand hotels the staff is wonderful. Our room was good sized, and the bathroom was probably the largest I've ever seen in a hotel room. There were...More
We stayed at the Best Western for a baseball tournament. I was happy to find that the room was very clean and inviting. The bed was incredibly comfortable and I the climate of the hotel was perfect. I also liked that there were windows that were able to be opened as opposed to total air condiitioning.
MoreMore
On our trip to Ma. we decided to stop for the night at this Days Inn. First off, it's about a mile or so from the hwy., and there were some conflicting RT. signs. Once we finally got there the place looked very nice from the outside, so we decided to venture in, and everything looked clean and inviting, so... More
My husband and I were looking forward to a nice romantic getaway and I found this place. We had a wonderful time. The rooms were clean with a nice whirlpool and friendly staff. The decor of the room was nice, with big beds and spacious rooms. Overall we enjoyed our stay.
Took wife for romantic night for valentines day, Rooms look nice on internet pictures but somewhat run down and smelly. Felt more like a cheap hotel but with more amenities (hot tub and large 2 head shower and bistro table). Overall my wife felt so uncomfortable that if she was not so tired we would have left without sleeping there... More
Horrible tacky room. We were upgraded to the Romance suite. Upgrade Romance Really It was New Year's Eve and they gave us a bag with complementary champagne and chocolate. Nice thought but champagne was so cheap, it was like vinegar with bubbles. Glad we took our own. We opened the door to enter the suite and it smelled horrible.... More
Nice location. Their goal is romance but it is an old hotel. The rooms needs updated badly. The mirrors on the ceiling.... ugh. The hot tub looks like it overflowed too many times. Hotel gave us an eerie feeling. Not the cleanest.
The hotel is under major renovation. I stayed here for one night for an early morning flight. It was very noisy when I checked in for about an hour and then it was very quiet. The staff was very friendly and helpful and did a good job of keeping everything flowing during the renovation. There was plenty of hot water and the water pressure was decent. The towels are new, but the bath towels are small and I'm not a big person. The bed was comfortable and the room was warm even though the outside temp was 5 degrees. I feel the price was high during the renovation.Hello,We sincerely appreciate your feedback! Our public space is scheduled to be finalized very soon! It looks amazing!! We would love for you to come back and stay with us again. Yours in hospitality,Paulette M.
Stayed one night. Pleasantly surprised! Very friendly front staff. Right next to airport. Ruby Tuesday located right next door (but that is about it....no other places to eat that are close by). They are just completing a renovation of the property. New carpet, new wallpaper, new paint. Rooms are very clean and updated. Very comfortable bed. We had 2 queens - large room and bathroom. Free breakfast was convenient and kept well stocked. Refreshing ice tea in the afternoon and free slushies for my kids too! Pool looked clean although we did not use it. A real plus to have free parking as parking is outrageously expensive and an overall real nightmare in the downtown area. Only complaint was the new shower curtain was too long in the shower and we kept stepping on it during shower - it needs to be raised. Would definitely stay here again.Hello,Thank you so much for taking the time to provide your feedback. The slushies are hit with the kids! We are very pleased that you enjoyed your stay. We would love for you to come and see us again.Yours in hospitality,Paulette M.
The Staff here is great(Christopher, Faith, John, Sheneke Jessica) ! everyone is so helpful and nice. Sheneke made me some cookies and I have become the biggest Fairfield Fan. The location is great. We were able to get to any place easily. Sheneke told us where we could find the best cheese steak is Philly. We could not be any more happy with our stay here. when i first called Chris at the front desk got our info and had us booked in our room in about 5 minutes.Hi!Thank you so much for your feedback. We LOVE positive reviews and continuously celebrate success. Chris, Faith, John, Sheneke and Jessica were all in smiles when I shared your feedback with them along with the rest of the team. Especially Sheneke! She is very happy. We would love for you to come back and see us again in the future.Yours in hospitality,Paulette M.
Long week of traveling and stayed here last night of trip! Tamika made my week! Extremely helpful and a joy to be around! The room was nice and clean. The staff was extremely helpful and kind.Thanks Tamika!Thank you for taking the time to complete our Trip Advisor survey. We are delighted that your stay with the Fairfield Inn Philadelphia Airport was enjoyable. Everything we do is aimed at providing you with an excellent hotel experience and your feedback is extremely valuable. We tuly appreciate you sharing your thoughts with us so that we may continue to deliver exceptional service in the future.Yours In Hospitality,Faith Jones
The hotel is under major renovation. I stayed here for one night for an early morning flight. It was very noisy when I checked in for about an hour and then it was very quiet. The staff was very friendly and helpful and did a good job of keeping everything flowing during the renovation. There was plenty of hot water and the water pressure was decent. The towels are new, but the bath towels are small and I'm not a big person. The bed was comfortable and the room was warm even though the outside temp was 5 degrees. I feel the price was high during the renovation.Hello,We sincerely appreciate your feedback! Our public space is scheduled to be finalized very soon! It looks amazing!! We would love for you to come back and stay with us again. Yours in hospitality,Paulette M.
I've stayed at this hotel 3 times in the past year and it's always a pleasure. Stayed here on Thanksgiving night and the hotel staff were so friendly and welcoming. I could go on about how I stay here every time I stay overnight in Philly. If you're in the area and need a hotel, look no further!Thank you so much for your wonderful comments. I have shared your feedback with the staff and we are all delighted to know that you enjoyed your stay. We look forward to seeing you next time you are in the Philadelphia area.
Stayed one night on a recent trip before flying out for home. The room was a little crowded with two queen beds but not a problem for such a short stay. All amenities functioned as expected including the thru-the-wall H/A/C unit which was quieter than many such units we have encountered. I did not use the Wifi that night so cannot comment on its strength, stability, etc. We were away to our flight before breakfast was ready the next morning but they did get us coffee which was good. And, the shuttle to the departure gates was right on time at 5:30 am. I can not say more about other amenities such as the indoor pool, etc. Access to the elevator is a bit cramped especially if one uses a luggage trolley.Thank you for making the Fairfield Inn/Marriott your choice hotel, we are excited that you stayed with us. Hopefully you can stay with us again to have the chance to enjoy the other amenities. Should you require any further assistance please feel free to contact the hotel.Thank youFaith JonesAssistant General Manager
Had a great stay with friends, Ms. Jones and her staff made our stay amazing very accommodating. Very friendly and made all us feel very welcomed. Anthony was also great, gave us tips of the city where to visit, overall really helpful. Going to recommend to friends to stay where along with any future visits from myself. Great time!! Hello!Thank you so much for taking the time to provide your review. Faith is VERY happy and Anthony is all smiles! We are dedicated to providing outstanding service at all times and do our absolute best to go above and beyond for all of our guest. Thank you so much for recognizing them. It is truly appreciated. We would love for you to come back and see us again in the future!Yours in hospitality, Paulette M.
Due to bad weather my flight was changed and had an unplanned stay in Philly. I got in late at night. Waited for the shuttle to the hotel. After a little wait and no shuttle I called the hotel. Found out you had to call ( I didn't know that) and in five minutes the shuttle was there. Could not believe how fast it got there. Bruce, the driver could not have been nicer. Jessica at the front desk was very friendly and helpful. Very nice place and one of the cleanest hotels I have ever stayed in. Had an early flight in the morning so I was too early for breakfast. She was just setting up but offered to get me a bagel. Everyone was very friendly. If I ever have to stay over in Philly again I would definitely stay there!!!!Thank you for choosing the Fairfield Inn/Marriott. We are delighted that you had a pleasant stay with us. I will be sure to inform my team that they had a impact on your stay. Should you require any further assistance please feel free to contact the hotel.Thank you Faith JonesAssistant General Manager
Stayed one night on a recent trip before flying out for home. The room was a little crowded with two queen beds but not a problem for such a short stay. All amenities functioned as expected including the thru-the-wall H/A/C unit which was quieter than many such units we have encountered. I did not use the Wifi that night so... More
The Philly Airport Fairfield was most convenient location for our business here but out of the way if you're looking for a neighborhood type hotel. The shuttle will take you to the airport where you can get septa (public transportation) to go downtown or any point you want. John was a really friendly driver and the vans even have complimentary bottled water. The hotel itself is typical Fairfield but has recently been updated to the newest color combos. Breakfast is super which definitely makes Fairfield an outstanding value. There is a Ruby Tuesday right across the street for a quick dinner without getting back in the car. We've yet to have a bad experience with Marriott which is why they remain our preferred brand.Hello,Thank you for your feedback. We would love for you to come back and stay with us when you return. Feel free to give me a call so that I may be able to personally assist you with your accomodations.Yours in hospitality,Paulette M.
I can't even begin to explain how blown away by the Management and staff of this hotel is. I was stuck here due to the big snow storm that shut down the city. I had some small issues, credit card, Hertz, FREEZING COLD...LOL The whole time, while checking in and the little request, that all travelers will have from time to time, Christopher and Tamika were joys at the desk and always kept a smile, even as customer after customer came in and tried to book (no vacancies) and were turned away or had to wait in the line to check in. Bruce drove to me to my, around the corner, destination, without batting an eye, even in this crazy weather. Faith has been here the whole time, making sure rooms are ready, and that customers and her staff are happy and in good spirits, under the circumstances. I had to switch rooms and was a little ahead of the move, when I notified Sidah, who was making sure my new room was clean and in order. She offered to help me gather my belongings, and move them to my new room. I know, from experience, that most employees, at hotels, don't even offer to hold the door in that situation and here she was offering to help relocate me. I had an issue with my T.V. (in my new room) and Ruben came up and fixed it, by getting me one that had been programmed, with out me waiting forever and a day, without huffing or grimacing. He was a delight to talk to.I can tell that Paulette manages, not only a wonderful crew, but she does it with such compassion and caring, that it resonates to the customers. I will be telling all of my friends, clients, coworkers and anyone else that I can, to stay at this hotel, when they pass through the Philly area!Hi Ms. C!Thank you so much! We are dedicated to providing outstanding service. I am glad that we could accomodate you during that particular storm. Your kind words mean alot to us. I have shared your comments with the team and everyone remembers you! We made it a fun filled, stress-free evening for all of our stranded guest. Thank you for being such a great guest. Please come back and see us again when you are in the Philadelphia area!Yours in hospitality,Paulette M.
I stayed overnight at the Fairfield Inn Philadelphia Airport hotel recently to attend an event nearby which started early in the morning. The room was quiet as requested and included a safe, coffee maker, refrigerator (which was a surprise), flat screen TV, hair dryer, alarm clock, and complimentary WiFi which connected right away. The room and bathroom were immaculate except... More
We went to Philly overnight to see a Phillies game. All of the hotels downtown were sold out so we booked here. Its a bit out of the way, but a good choice. The front desk staff were very friendly! They gave us an early check in and two bottles of water. The room was clean. The a/c didnt seem to work that well. We kept it set at 72 degrees all night but the room was very humid by morning. The breakfast staff was very nice and helpful. Though next time Ill book sooner so I can stay closer to Center City.Hello,Thank you for staying with us. We appreciate your feedback! Please come see us again soon.
Room was lovely. Bright and well laid out. Lots of outlets. Wide bathroom and entranceway. Front desk was very helpful. Very close to the airport and shuttle was on time and courteous. Breakfast was good but Styrofoam plates are horrendous for the environment. Other than that great airport hotel. Thank you for making the Fairfield Inn Marriott your choice hotel. My staff would love to know that they have met your standards. Should you require any further assistance please feel free to contact the hotel.Thank you Faith JonesAssistant General Manager
Having flown in from Australia en route to Quebec I had a stop over in Philadelphia. Looking forward to a nice quiet room and a break from the 20+ hours of travel it took to get to Philadelphia I checked in at the Fairfield. The free shuttle arrived as promised and the driver was friendly. Reception was pleasant but distant , the room was clean. I had forgotten to pack a power adapter and upon checking with reception and eventually translating the word adapter into a version of the word the receptionist could understand I was told they didn't have them only power point to USB adapters . Which was great for my phone. It was annoying to not be able to get an adapter from reception but even more annoying was the nonchalant attitude of the staff. Not in any way rude just uncaring . The free breakfast was welcome and filling . All in all the place was nothing more and nothing less than a 3 star hotel . Would I go there again If I had to , yes but I'd look elsewhere first Thank you for your feedback. I would like to apologize on behalf of our staff and assure you that your feedback will help us create a better tomorrow for our guest. I will your share your comments with the staff.
Had a great stay with friends, Ms. Jones and her staff made our stay amazing very accommodating. Very friendly and made all us feel very welcomed. Anthony was also great, gave us tips of the city where to visit, overall really helpful. Going to recommend to friends to stay where along with any future visits from myself. Great time!! Hello!Thank you so much for taking the time to provide your review. Faith is VERY happy and Anthony is all smiles! We are dedicated to providing outstanding service at all times and do our absolute best to go above and beyond for all of our guest. Thank you so much for recognizing them. It is truly appreciated. We would love for you to come back and see us again in the future!Yours in hospitality, Paulette M.
The hotel is in a quiet area although it is not far from the airport. I wanted to return my rental the night before so they helped me figure it out to get back to the hotel. The staff has been great since check in helping with places to eat and checking in early. Thank you for making us your choice hotel while staying in the Philadelphia area. We are so delighted that we were able to enusre that you had a wonderful stay. We hope that you will come and visit us again. If you should have any questions or concerns please feel free to contact the hotel.Thank you,Faith JonesAssistant General ManagerMaking Everlasting Impressions
We stayed here for one night before our friends' wedding weekend because the wedding hotel was not available that night.Our room was on the first floor and had a damp, musty feeling to it. The room was clean though and the air conditioning worked. Good water pressure in the shower, but no conditioner or body wash provided. The pool was nice but a bit cold. The airport shuttle was convenient.The breakfast was a standard continental breakfast and is included. Overall it was an adequate stay at a reasonable price. Nothing special but nothing overly bad either.I would like to thank you for your business as we appreciate it very much. I would like to offer my apologies as we were unable to exceed your expectations. We will be sure to share review your feedback as a team and will work to improve. Thank you.
I chose this hotel based on reviews here, and was not disappointed! Solid value for a quick night near the airport. Beds were firm and comfortable, amenities were fine, and breakfast was better than average for these types of hotel. Waffles were excellent!
The hotel is not the most modern but is very well maintained. The staff is very friendly, from the front desk to the custodian.The room is a little noisy due to a nearby public bus service stop. But the noise ends after 11pm, presumably when bus service ends.The breakfast is of high quality for the price point.
Stayed here during Made In America weekend. The hotel was awesome and the staff was exceptional. Ms Jones was the sweetest, friendliest and kindest person you could ever want to meet. She would go out of her way to make sure you had items that you wanted or needed. Anthony as well knew all of the great spots around the area and was a charming great guy. The housekeeping staff was excellent. They tried to do whatever they could to full your requests also. The room was at a perfect temperature and very clean. The beds were comfy and we had plenty of nice towels and pillows. The staff was always warm and welcoming...will definitely come back again the next time i'm in Philly.Hello!Thank you so much for taking the time to provide your feedback. We sincerely value and appreciate it. I will be sure to share this with Faith, Anthony and the crew! We celebrate success!Yours in hospitality,Paulette M.
Stayed here before flight. Rooms are clean. Staff was very friendly and helpful. The airport shuttle was efficient. Free breakfast gets you on your way. A ten minute shuttle ride to and from airport. There is casual restaurant/bar next door. Stress less way to access the airport without fighting traffic.
This is a very good Fairfield Inn close to Philadelphia Airport. Check in was a breeze and being a Gold member we were upgraded to a larger room. Room was perfectly clean. Great comfy bed and the wi fi in this hotel was excellent.We missed breakfast the next morning, but the woman in charge of breakfast was brilliant. I wanted to bring something upstairs for my wife to eat, and she went to the back and brought me a tray...I felt like a million dollars walking upstairs with our room service order- she was really terrific!!All in all we had a very nice stay here and would highly recommend this property.
Just stayed at the Fairfield Inn over the weekend and was pleasantly surprised with the overall stay. I would highly recommend this hotel, great price and easy location to travel around Philly. Room was clean, bed comfortable, free WIFI, indoor pool, lots of free parking, hearty breakfast with lots to offer, staff was pleasant and helpful. Don't pay double-triple in city center, save your money for other things! Perhaps the towels could be a bit softer but they are thick.Thank you so much for your kind words regarding your recent stay. The staff was delighted to hear that you enjoyed your stay, we look forward to seeing you again soon.
Stayed one night before flight out. Very close to airport, clean rooms and helpful staff.
Room was lovely. Bright and well laid out. Lots of outlets. Wide bathroom and entranceway. Front desk was very helpful. Very close to the airport and shuttle was on time and courteous. Breakfast was good but Styrofoam plates are horrendous for the environment. Other than that great airport hotel. Thank you for making the Fairfield Inn Marriott your choice hotel. My staff would love to know that they have met your standards. Should you require any further assistance please feel free to contact the hotel.Thank you Faith JonesAssistant General Manager
Hotel staff was wonderful from start to finish in the midst of snowstorm in February. SO helpful and friendly. Many stayed overnight to make sure hotel was staffed next day. And although hotel does not have restaurant (by design), when the only restaurant within walking distance was closed, the staff brought in food and offered to share with me. Through it all, they had great attitudes and made a miserable situation bearable.Hello!We sincerely appreciate your feedback. We continue to focus on providing outstanding service and ensuring our guest are taken care of despite of the ongoing weather issues. Thank you so much for sharing your wonderful comments. We would love to have you back. Feel free to give me a call so that I may personally assist you!Yours in hospitality,Paulette M.
Hi, Checked into this hotel near Philadelphia Int'l. Airport. This hotel is clean and modern, and the staff is very friendly There is also a Marriott Courtyard nearby (maybe a block away) where I have stayed several times before. The Courtyard is just a little more expensive but more comfortable and nicer with more amenities. Worth the extra money in my opinion. Otherwise, this is an ok place to stay if you are trying to keep expenses down.Hi,Thank you for making us your choice hotel while staying in the Philadelphia area. We sincerely hope that you will stay with us again in the future.Yours in hospitality,Paulette M.
Hotel was verry pleasant. Staff extremely welcoming, at check-in, evening theme snacks, general front desk, checkout, and especially shuttle driver Denise. The room was very clean, good work desk, adjustable chair. Window could be opened to let fresh air in. Due to the proximity of the airport there is some noise, however easily managed to sleep through it. Breakfast had waffles, bananas, apples, juice, cereal, pre-peeled eggs, danish. There is a Wawa in walkable 0.3 miles from the hotel. Ample parking, less than 10 minutes shuttle ride, or can even take the train Eastwick station which stops across from the Wawa gas station. The hotel was in the process of receiving an overhaul.Other hotels in this area are the Embassy, Hampton, Microtel, and Courtyard.AAA rate reserved weeks in advance was a really good deal.Hello!Thank you so much for taking the time to provide your feedback. We are extremely excited about the new product that we will showcasing. Come back and see us soon!Yours in hospitality,Paulette
My wife and I stayed for two nights recently and noted improvement from when I stayed there several times on business trips.The rooms were cleaner, the breakfasts choices were varied and overall very good.The shuttle was very flexible as we went into Center City Philadelphia several times on the train and the shuttle took us to the airport and picked us up upon our return.This was a very good stay.
Hi, Checked into this hotel near Philadelphia Int'l. Airport. This hotel is clean and modern, and the staff is very friendly There is also a Marriott Courtyard nearby (maybe a block away) where I have stayed several times before. The Courtyard is just a little more expensive but more comfortable and nicer with more amenities. Worth the extra money in my opinion. Otherwise, this is an ok place to stay if you are trying to keep expenses down.Hi,Thank you for making us your choice hotel while staying in the Philadelphia area. We sincerely hope that you will stay with us again in the future.Yours in hospitality,Paulette M.
Just a quick review here :Room was very clean. Staff were friendly and helpful. Large LCD TV with good variety of channel. In room coffee maker.Breakfast was good. Sausage, scrambled egg, cereals, fruits, and assorted muffin, bagel, bread.What I like the most is the strong water preassure in the shower. Excellent.Thank you for making the Fairfield Inn/Marriott your choice hotel. We excited that you were very satisfied with your stay. I will ensure that I share your comments with my team who will be more than happy to know that they made your stay an exceptional one. Should you require any further assistance please feel free to contact the hotel.Thank youFaith JonesAssistant General Manager
I love to stay here the people are the best They help with anything we need .Also I stay at the Fairfield inn in Exton PA. and I know they own by the same people and staff are the best at both places . We always stay here after we stay in Exton so we have the airport Shuttle the next morning. The remodel looks great and the new beds are greatHello!Thank you so much for taking the time to provide your feedback! We are extremely excited about our newly renovated rooms. They look absolutely amazing and we are recieving excellent reviews! Thank you for making us your choice hotel while staying in the Philadelphia area. We would love for you to come and stay with us again in the future.Yours in hospitality,Paulette M.GM
Clean beautiful room! smelled freshly painted! Tastefully decorated! great attendants! we arrived at night cuz we couldn't fly on our scheduled flight, they gave us free drinks and even a free shuttle ride to 'shop rite' cuz we needed baby formula! Affordable and definitely a go to! Thank you again!
My wife and I stayed for two nights recently and noted improvement from when I stayed there several times on business trips.The rooms were cleaner, the breakfasts choices were varied and overall very good.The shuttle was very flexible as we went into Center City Philadelphia several times on the train and the shuttle took us to the airport and picked us up upon our return.This was a very good stay.
Sometimes you don't get much from airport hotels but this was clean, the staff very nice and the room was fine. I was there to pick up my daugther from a very late flight into PHL and used the shuttle both ways from the hotel to the terminal.Aside from breakfast, which was fine I didn't really use much else at the hotel.
Our room was clean and nicely appointed with all the necessary amenities. There was a bit of a musty odor when we first arrived, but that went away as the air circulated. The staff was friendly and accommodating and the breakfast was good with lots of choices.Thank you for making the Fairfield Inn/Marriott your choice hotel, we are delighted that we were able to ensure that your stay was enjoyable. My team will be excited to know that they made a impact on your stay. Should you require any further assistance please feel free to contact the hotel.Thank you Faith JonesAssistant General Manager
I've stayed at other Fairfield Inns and my overall experience has been good. If you're looking for a very basic, nice hotel, this is a good one. But, there are a few caveats. The room was cold, and the bedding is extremely minimal - just a sheet and a very light cover. Upon requesting a couple of extra blankets, I was told that they weren't sure they had any. Luckily, a nice gentleman showed up at the door with blankets a few minutes later. Although the sign in the bathroom says that if you hang up your towels you can help the hotel to be green by not washing and replacing them every day, this wasn't the case. Each and every day, there were new towels. Also, the toiletries were never replenished, so I had to request more. On the last night of my stay, I discovered a silverfish and an ant on the bathroom floor. This might suggest that the hotel do a little more cleaning to prevent this type of incident in the future.I used the hotel's shuttle to go to the airport Marriott location for dinner one night. This was a very convenient option, and the driver was very nice and accommodating.The breakfast was great (breakfast sandwiches, waffles, fruit, oatmeal, etc,) and service was extremely friendly!Hello,Thank you very much for taking the time to provide your feedback. I will be sure to look into the items that you have mentioned. We value you and would love another opportunity to serve you in the future! If, you are ever in the Philadelphia area again please feel free to reach out to me so that I may be able to personally assist you.Yours in hospitality,Paulette Moore
Nice and good breakfast. We stayed here for four nights while we were visiting Philadelphia. Overall we were pleased without stay. My family Loved the breakfast! The eggs were very good and they had an oatmeal station that my daughters loved. The lady that ran the breakfast was very helpful and friendly. It was very easy to get to downtown to see the sights. The hotel was clean. The only thing bad I have to say is that one day our room was not cleaned. It's not a big deal but to return to trash and old towels wasn't something we were expecting. I would stay here again however! Thank you for making the Fairfield Inn/Marriott your choice hotel. We are excited that you were able to enjoy our breakfast and that your stay was wonderful. Should you require any further assistance please feel free to contact the hotel. Thank youFaith JonesAssistant General Manager
Clean beautiful room! smelled freshly painted! Tastefully decorated! great attendants! we arrived at night cuz we couldn't fly on our scheduled flight, they gave us free drinks and even a free shuttle ride to 'shop rite' cuz we needed baby formula! Affordable and definitely a go to! Thank you again!
Stayed here one night before an early flight. The 24 hr airport shuttle is convenient for early flights and my room was clean and the front desk staff were very polite. I didn't have a rental car so the Ruby Tuesday across the street was convenient for dinner.Thank you so much for sharing your feedback with us. We look forward to seeing you again soon.
Long week of traveling and stayed here last night of trip! Tamika made my week! Extremely helpful and a joy to be around! The room was nice and clean. The staff was extremely helpful and kind.Thanks Tamika!Thank you for taking the time to complete our Trip Advisor survey. We are delighted that your stay with the Fairfield Inn Philadelphia Airport was enjoyable. Everything we do is aimed at providing you with an excellent hotel experience and your feedback is extremely valuable. We tuly appreciate you sharing your thoughts with us so that we may continue to deliver exceptional service in the future.Yours In Hospitality,Faith Jones
The hotel is not the most modern but is very well maintained. The staff is very friendly, from the front desk to the custodian.The room is a little noisy due to a nearby public bus service stop. But the noise ends after 11pm, presumably when bus service ends.The breakfast is of high quality for the price point.
Amazing stay!! They renovated their lobby and breakfast area and it is beautiful!! Tamika, Karen, Anthony and the rest of the Staff are amazing!!! The rooms are always clean and the pillows and beds are comfy! The pool is beautiful and clean!!Hi!Thank you so much for taking the time to provide your feedback! We are dedicated to providing outstanding service at all times. We celebrate success! I will be sure to let Tamika, Karen, Anthony and the rest of the team know you mentioned them. Please come back and see us again!Yours in hospitality,Paulette M.
Stayed one night for daughters tennis tournament. Room was fine, breakfast was good but big thanks to staff. Daughter left behind backpack with all school books and computer, that I was able to retrieve. I had doubts about retrieving everything but front desk told me it happens more than you would expect.Thanks for staying with us. We appreciate your feedback!
I can't even begin to explain how blown away by the Management and staff of this hotel is. I was stuck here due to the big snow storm that shut down the city. I had some small issues, credit card, Hertz, FREEZING COLD...LOL The whole time, while checking in and the little request, that all travelers will have from time to time, Christopher and Tamika were joys at the desk and always kept a smile, even as customer after customer came in and tried to book (no vacancies) and were turned away or had to wait in the line to check in. Bruce drove to me to my, around the corner, destination, without batting an eye, even in this crazy weather. Faith has been here the whole time, making sure rooms are ready, and that customers and her staff are happy and in good spirits, under the circumstances. I had to switch rooms and was a little ahead of the move, when I notified Sidah, who was making sure my new room was clean and in order. She offered to help me gather my belongings, and move them to my new room. I know, from experience, that most employees, at hotels, don't even offer to hold the door in that situation and here she was offering to help relocate me. I had an issue with my T.V. (in my new room) and Ruben came up and fixed it, by getting me one that had been programmed, with out me waiting forever and a day, without huffing or grimacing. He was a delight to talk to.I can tell that Paulette manages, not only a wonderful crew, but she does it with such compassion and caring, that it resonates to the customers. I will be telling all of my friends, clients, coworkers and anyone else that I can, to stay at this hotel, when they pass through the Philly area!Hi Ms. C!Thank you so much! We are dedicated to providing outstanding service. I am glad that we could accomodate you during that particular storm. Your kind words mean alot to us. I have shared your comments with the team and everyone remembers you! We made it a fun filled, stress-free evening for all of our stranded guest. Thank you for being such a great guest. Please come back and see us again when you are in the Philadelphia area!Yours in hospitality,Paulette M.
Having flown in from Australia en route to Quebec I had a stop over in Philadelphia. Looking forward to a nice quiet room and a break from the 20+ hours of travel it took to get to Philadelphia I checked in at the Fairfield. The free shuttle arrived as promised and the driver was friendly. Reception was pleasant but distant , the room was clean. I had forgotten to pack a power adapter and upon checking with reception and eventually translating the word adapter into a version of the word the receptionist could understand I was told they didn't have them only power point to USB adapters . Which was great for my phone. It was annoying to not be able to get an adapter from reception but even more annoying was the nonchalant attitude of the staff. Not in any way rude just uncaring . The free breakfast was welcome and filling . All in all the place was nothing more and nothing less than a 3 star hotel . Would I go there again If I had to , yes but I'd look elsewhere first Thank you for your feedback. I would like to apologize on behalf of our staff and assure you that your feedback will help us create a better tomorrow for our guest. I will your share your comments with the staff.
I've stayed at this hotel 3 times in the past year and it's always a pleasure. Stayed here on Thanksgiving night and the hotel staff were so friendly and welcoming. I could go on about how I stay here every time I stay overnight in Philly. If you're in the area and need a hotel, look no further!Thank you so much for your wonderful comments. I have shared your feedback with the staff and we are all delighted to know that you enjoyed your stay. We look forward to seeing you next time you are in the Philadelphia area.
My son and I recently went to a concert at the Wells Fargo Center and were flying out of PHL early the next morning. I booked a room at the Fairfield Inn and I'm glad I did. The price was reasonable, the room was clean and comfortable and the staff were all friendly and helpful. The sports complex is easily accessible. I will definitely stay here again. I highly recommend it, whether you want a hotel close to the airport or the sports complex.Hello,Thank you so much for taking the time to provide your feedback! We look forward to seeing you again! Please feel free to reach out to me if you require assistance booking your future accomodations.Yours in hospitality,Paulette M.
Everyone that we came across working at this hotel were very helpful and friendly. Thank you for the great service. Enjoyed the pool too! Would definitely stay here again if I needed to be close to the airport.
We were in Philadelphia so our daughter and friend could attend the Taylor Swift concert. We searched online for days looking for a good rate for a one night stay. Just two days before our trip we came across the Fairfield Inn at a very good price. The front desk personnel made the reservation process a breeze. Upon arrival the hotel staff were friendly and courteous and made us feel welcome from the minute we entered the lobby. It was easy to tell they enjoyed working there. Everyone greeted us with a smile and friendly 'hello'. The newly renovated rooms were clean and comfortable. The pool was refreshing and breakfast was delicious. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great hotel experience and a convenient location.Hello,Thank you for taking the time to provide your feedback. That was an extremely busy weekend. We had a hotel full of Taylor Swift fans! It was awesome! Feel free to give me a call if you are ever in the Philadelphia area again so that I may be able to personally assist you!Yours in hospitality,Paulette M.
I used Tripadvisor to review various properties at the Philadelphia airport before booking and the Fairfield Inn was highly rated so we booked. We were astonished to find that the reviews in no way reflect reality. I want to say first of all that the staff were professional, competent and extremely helpful, so this review in no way reflects on them. While the lobby and breakfast room were clean in appearance, the room was a completely different matter. It was shabby and filthy. The sheets and towels were clean but the furniture was sticky, the shower curtain had mold around the edges, and the chair in the room had multiple stains on the seat. The curtains and dust ruffles around the beds were very wrinkled and appeared to have been crumpled in a ball before being used. After noticing these things, I began looking more closely at other aspects of the hotel and noticed that the elevators were quite old and had not been cleaned well either. The hallway carpets appeared dirty and were rippled from stretching - they are obviously old as well and not kept up.This is the second worst hotel I've stayed in and I've stayed in a lot of hotels all over the world. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone or stay here or in another Fairfield Inn again. When you can't even sit on the chair in the room because it is so badly stained or touch the tops of the furniture because your fingers will stick to the top, it is pretty bad.Hello,Thank you for taking the time to provide your feedback. We take great pride in the service that we provide. Please contact me directly so that I may address your concerns immediately. Rest assured that I will go into every single room today to ensure we continue to reflect the highest cleanliness standards as this is extremely concerning to hear. We welcome all feedback in a positive manner even if it is not as favorable as we would like it to be. I look forward to speaking with you soon and thank you for staying with us while visiting the Philadelphia area!Yours in hospitality,Paulette Moore
Nothing really special about this Fairfield, located neat Philadelphia Airport. We stayed because we got a terrific rate, which made it worthwhile. Tons of very loud kids in the pool and whirlpool, which was annoying. Management didn't seem to be in the mood to enforce any of the rules against, for example, jumping and kids without adults. Heavy security measures at the front door are a bit off-putting, but once you're past them, this is a typical Fairfield. Decent breakfast.
ed here more than once and when I arrived I am always acknowledged by my name. From the time I was greeted at the font desk by jovial, sweet and friendly Monique I am always glad to get to my room after a long trip where being a Hilton Honors member really pays. Michael is wonderful. I swear he can do 8 things at once! He has helped me with the computer at late hours when I couldn't figure out how to print/fax, etc.My most recent stay I lost my Samsung Fit. I didn't know if I lost it in the hall, or where. I looked everywhere and housekeeping helped me also. They know my phone number and I let them know that I lost it last week. I received a phone call from Michael that Shaunta found it and they actually have an HONEST staff that called and e mailed me to let me know. What a refreshing experience. Shaunte found it and Karen (who is awesome) wanted to know where to mail it to since they know I travel the world. Monique,Shaunte and Karen and Michael and I know I am missing a lot of the rest of the staffs names. I have NEVER had a bad experience and can't thank them enough. The first time I stayed there they overachieved my expectations. Karen went the extra mile with faxing a 23 page fax that only had 22 pages go through. She re sent it and I had a flight to catch. When I landed she had left me a voice mail that it had went through. Who does that!!!I will NEVER stay anywhere else in Philly since I found them. They are the best!
I've stayed at other Fairfield Inns and my overall experience has been good. If you're looking for a very basic, nice hotel, this is a good one. But, there are a few caveats. The room was cold, and the bedding is extremely minimal - just a sheet and a very light cover. Upon requesting a couple of extra blankets, I was told that they weren't sure they had any. Luckily, a nice gentleman showed up at the door with blankets a few minutes later. Although the sign in the bathroom says that if you hang up your towels you can help the hotel to be green by not washing and replacing them every day, this wasn't the case. Each and every day, there were new towels. Also, the toiletries were never replenished, so I had to request more. On the last night of my stay, I discovered a silverfish and an ant on the bathroom floor. This might suggest that the hotel do a little more cleaning to prevent this type of incident in the future.I used the hotel's shuttle to go to the airport Marriott location for dinner one night. This was a very convenient option, and the driver was very nice and accommodating.The breakfast was great (breakfast sandwiches, waffles, fruit, oatmeal, etc,) and service was extremely friendly!Hello,Thank you very much for taking the time to provide your feedback. I will be sure to look into the items that you have mentioned. We value you and would love another opportunity to serve you in the future! If, you are ever in the Philadelphia area again please feel free to reach out to me so that I may be able to personally assist you.Yours in hospitality,Paulette Moore
Our family stays here often when visiting Philadelphia. The staff members go out of their way to help with anything, always good advice on local events and getting around. Having the Ruby Tuesday's across the street is convenient and the train station is a 10 minute walk or hotel shuttle will take you as well. Thank you for taking the time out of your to share your feedback with us. I will be sure to relay your kind words regarding the team going above and beyond. We strive for excellence and it is so nice to hear that we were able to not just meet, but exceed your expectations. Thank you once gain for your business. Pleas return to us soon!
Just a quick review here :Room was very clean. Staff were friendly and helpful. Large LCD TV with good variety of channel. In room coffee maker.Breakfast was good. Sausage, scrambled egg, cereals, fruits, and assorted muffin, bagel, bread.What I like the most is the strong water preassure in the shower. Excellent.Thank you for making the Fairfield Inn/Marriott your choice hotel. We excited that you were very satisfied with your stay. I will ensure that I share your comments with my team who will be more than happy to know that they made your stay an exceptional one. Should you require any further assistance please feel free to contact the hotel.Thank youFaith JonesAssistant General Manager
ed here more than once and when I arrived I am always acknowledged by my name. From the time I was greeted at the font desk by jovial, sweet and friendly Monique I am always glad to get to my room after a long trip where being a Hilton Honors member really pays. Michael is wonderful. I swear he can do 8 things at once! He has helped me with the computer at late hours when I couldn't figure out how to print/fax, etc.My most recent stay I lost my Samsung Fit. I didn't know if I lost it in the hall, or where. I looked everywhere and housekeeping helped me also. They know my phone number and I let them know that I lost it last week. I received a phone call from Michael that Shaunta found it and they actually have an HONEST staff that called and e mailed me to let me know. What a refreshing experience. Shaunte found it and Karen (who is awesome) wanted to know where to mail it to since they know I travel the world. Monique,Shaunte and Karen and Michael and I know I am missing a lot of the rest of the staffs names. I have NEVER had a bad experience and can't thank them enough. The first time I stayed there they overachieved my expectations. Karen went the extra mile with faxing a 23 page fax that only had 22 pages go through. She re sent it and I had a flight to catch. When I landed she had left me a voice mail that it had went through. Who does that!!!I will NEVER stay anywhere else in Philly since I found them. They are the best!
Really felt right at home from the moment I set foot in the door. Very easy to get to and used the airport shuttle. The staff was courteous and helpful. Will always stay here when I travel. I was able to get a good night's sleep soI could get up early for my flight. Thank you for making the Fairfield Inn/Marriott your choice hotel. We are pleased to know that we were apart of ensuring that you had a wonderful stay. Here at the Fairfield Inn/Marriott we aim to ensure that each guest has a wonderful stay. Should you require any further assistance please feel free to contact the hotel. We look forward to you staying with us again, have a great day.Thak youFaith JonesAssistant General Manager
We book our room around December of 2012 . We arrived on Wednesday June 12th 2013. as we got out of our car the hotel staff that was present greeted us . the front desk staff got our info and had us booked in our room in about 10 mimutes.Was very friendly . I would say that the room was really more like a suite than a double room. the breakfast was very good. all in all the five days we stayed was better that some more high price other hotels. And it was located just five minutes from our kids home, with a wawa just down from it.GoodMorning,Thank you so much for taking the time to provide your feedback. We are honored that we could share this joyous occasion with you. We would love for you to come back and see us again in the future!Yours in hospitality,Paulette M.
This location is less than 10 minutes from the rental car area. The room was clean and everything we needed was present. We called for additional towels and they were brought to our room immediately. The breakfast was nice, but if you go at a busy time, there is a high probability that you will have to take your meal back to the room due to the limited seating during peak times. The pool was nice and my kids enjoyed it. There was no deep end which was nice for young children. Check out was quick and easy and the front desk staff was pleasant upon arrival and departure.Thank you for sharing your experiences. We are so happy to hear you and your family enjoyed your stay with us. See you soon,Renee
At first glance this is the Marriott of choice if you're looking for the free breakfast, free wireless, fitness center and comfortable rooms that are standard Marriott fare. With free airport shuttle service I picked this over the Courtyard by Marriott at PHL because of the free hot breakfast here instead of the 12 charge at the Courtyard.I stayed because I had an early flight out in the morning and living just over an hour away didn't want to risk any delays especially with a weekday traffic coming into Philadelphia from New Jersey.So why did I feel cheated I had stayed before at the Courtyard because on that date they had a much better rate and their fly and park rate is 10 a day.The Fairfield Inn offers free parking the night of your stay. I would be returning three days later but they insisted on a 60 parking charge because they only sell parking on a weekly basis there was no prorated offer for the three days I needed.I discovered this as I was checking out so instead of a quick free shuttle to my terminal I had to go to a nearby parking lot to get a better rate and rush to make my flight.If you'll be away for six or seven days it's ok but for three the charge was excessive. I am a Platinum Elite Marriott Rewards member and I can honestly say this was the first time I experienced a policy that didn't have any consideration for the guest's experience.I would like to offer my most sincere apologies for the frustrations you were faced with regarding the park and fly program. All the properties in the area do have their own policies for parking. We do offer complimentary parking for the time that you are staying with us. If you choose to leave your vehicle with us traveling, we do have a fee that is charged. Unfortunately, our hands are tied as far as being able to waive this fee. I once again apologize for this. We do appreciate your business, status, and loyalty with Marriott. If you would like to discuss this further, please do not hesitate to reach out to me directly.
This hotel had all you need for a comfortable stay before a heavy traveling day. Beds were comfortable, roomy rooms and a nice pool facility. The breakfast was one of the better ones we experienced on our holiday. We had no problem securing a late checkout and shuttle to the airport was an important, good extra. Thanks to all the staff for their friendliness and kindness.Thanks for staying with us. We appreciate your feedback!
We book our room around December of 2012 . We arrived on Wednesday June 12th 2013. as we got out of our car the hotel staff that was present greeted us . the front desk staff got our info and had us booked in our room in about 10 mimutes.Was very friendly . I would say that the room was really more like a suite than a double room. the breakfast was very good. all in all the five days we stayed was better that some more high price other hotels. And it was located just five minutes from our kids home, with a wawa just down from it.GoodMorning,Thank you so much for taking the time to provide your feedback. We are honored that we could share this joyous occasion with you. We would love for you to come back and see us again in the future!Yours in hospitality,Paulette M.
We opted to return our rental car a day early and spend the night before our trip to Canada at the Fairfield. That was a great decision! Since we are not familiar with the area, I was not looking forward to the drive before our 10:30 am flight, returning the car, etc. Instead, we slept in, had a perfectly stress free breakfast and the shuttle took us to the airport. The room was spacious. The bathroom very comfortable, as was our king size bed.Thank you for making Fairfield Inn/Marriott your choice hotel, thank you for taking the time to give us your honest feedback . We are also glad that we were able to help your stay to be more relaxing. Should your require any further assistance please feel free to contact the hotel.Thank youFaith JonesAssistant General Manager
We stayed at this hotel while attending an event at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia. Our room was comfortable and more than adequate. The hotel was very busy, but we slept great and were not bothered by noise. The hotel was really convenient to the Wells Fargo Center and not being from the area, the drive was easy. Breakfast... More
Stayed overnight for an early flight. Hotel room needs a facelift. The breakfast was nice, staff was very friendly, efficient shuttle. Charges an additional 60 to leave the car for a week--which is quite pricey. We are platinum level and only stay in Marriott hotel family hotel when possible, but this one needs fluffing.
Nice and good breakfast. We stayed here for four nights while we were visiting Philadelphia. Overall we were pleased without stay. My family Loved the breakfast! The eggs were very good and they had an oatmeal station that my daughters loved. The lady that ran the breakfast was very helpful and friendly. It was very easy to get to downtown to see the sights. The hotel was clean. The only thing bad I have to say is that one day our room was not cleaned. It's not a big deal but to return to trash and old towels wasn't something we were expecting. I would stay here again however! Thank you for making the Fairfield Inn/Marriott your choice hotel. We are excited that you were able to enjoy our breakfast and that your stay was wonderful. Should you require any further assistance please feel free to contact the hotel. Thank youFaith JonesAssistant General Manager
Stayed one night for daughters tennis tournament. Room was fine, breakfast was good but big thanks to staff. Daughter left behind backpack with all school books and computer, that I was able to retrieve. I had doubts about retrieving everything but front desk told me it happens more than you would expect.Thanks for staying with us. We appreciate your feedback!
We stayed overnight during the Thanksgiving break as one of us had to fly out the next morning by the 7am flight. They had a very convenient shuttle which dropped him off. The family got up later and went down for breakfast. It was almost 10 which is when they close. All the ladies who were there, kept the breakfast area open until almost 10:30. We noticed many other guests who walked in late. Thank you. The staff everywhere was amazing and friendly.The room was very clean and newly renovated or new build. Parking was free. Will definitely stay here if we are required to use the PHL airport.Hello,Thank you so much. We strive to provide outstanding service at all times. I will be sure to share your feedback with the breakfast ladies and the rest of the team. Please come back and see us if you are ever in the Philadelphia area.Yours in hospitality,Paulette M.
My family and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and had a wonderful stay. Our trip started off with the lady who picked us up at the airport, she kind and courteous. Our room was clean and well maintained for the entire stay. Each morning we ate breakfast downstairs. The breakfast bar had options that would satisfy the pickiest of eaters. The front desk associates were very helpful in explaining how to use area public transportation. This hotel is close to the SEPTA train station and bus stop. When we return to Philadelphia we will stay at this hotel.
I stayed overnight at the Fairfield Inn Philadelphia Airport hotel recently to attend an event nearby which started early in the morning. The room was quiet as requested and included a safe, coffee maker, refrigerator (which was a surprise), flat screen TV, hair dryer, alarm clock, and complimentary WiFi which connected right away. The room and bathroom were immaculate except for a gum wrapper in the nightstand drawer. The clerk at check in was a bit abrupt when I asked about getting airline miles with the room (he didn't answer my question) but the clerk at check out was very friendly. A Ruby Tuesday restaurant is right across the parking lot. The complimentary breakfast buffet included cereal, sausage, muffins, bagels, yogurt, scrambled eggs, and sliced fruit. I would definitely consider this hotel the next time I travel to the Philly area.Thank you so much for taking the time to review your recent stay with us. We are glad we were able to meet your request, and you were happy with the accommodations. We look forward to seeing you again next time you travel to Philadelphia.
My husband and I brought the kids to Philadelphia for a quick getaway trip. Had a hard time finding a place that didn't break our wallets and that wasn't scary. Tameka and the front desk staff were so friendly. it's so nice to feel comfortable from the start of your stay! Room was just right and really clean!! Mini fridge in the room was a great thing to have) We all enjoyed the indoor pool which was nice and warm. The morning breakfast was actually pretty good. Bagels with scrambled eggs and sausage, an upgrade from most hotels continental breakfast. I hope the managers of this hotel know what a great team they have and keep them happy!! We will be back in the warm months and we will def. be staying here) thanks again fairfield inn.....Hello,Thank you! Tamika is awesome! We have created a pleasant working atmosphere and they continue to amaze us with their outstanding service. They are truly a joy to work with and definetely an asset to have! Thank you so much for taking the time to recognize them. We celebrate success!Yours in hospitality,Paulette M.
I used Tripadvisor to review various properties at the Philadelphia airport before booking and the Fairfield Inn was highly rated so we booked. We were astonished to find that the reviews in no way reflect reality. I want to say first of all that the staff were professional, competent and extremely helpful, so this review in no way reflects on them. While the lobby and breakfast room were clean in appearance, the room was a completely different matter. It was shabby and filthy. The sheets and towels were clean but the furniture was sticky, the shower curtain had mold around the edges, and the chair in the room had multiple stains on the seat. The curtains and dust ruffles around the beds were very wrinkled and appeared to have been crumpled in a ball before being used. After noticing these things, I began looking more closely at other aspects of the hotel and noticed that the elevators were quite old and had not been cleaned well either. The hallway carpets appeared dirty and were rippled from stretching - they are obviously old as well and not kept up.This is the second worst hotel I've stayed in and I've stayed in a lot of hotels all over the world. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone or stay here or in another Fairfield Inn again. When you can't even sit on the chair in the room because it is so badly stained or touch the tops of the furniture because your fingers will stick to the top, it is pretty bad.Hello,Thank you for taking the time to provide your feedback. We take great pride in the service that we provide. Please contact me directly so that I may address your concerns immediately. Rest assured that I will go into every single room today to ensure we continue to reflect the highest cleanliness standards as this is extremely concerning to hear. We welcome all feedback in a positive manner even if it is not as favorable as we would like it to be. I look forward to speaking with you soon and thank you for staying with us while visiting the Philadelphia area!Yours in hospitality,Paulette Moore
As my party and I arrived we were greeted with open arms! Everyone at the hotel is extremely friendly, professional and down to earth. Very clean with a nice size pool.. Next time I come back to Philadelphia I will definitely come stay here again! PS. Make sure you check in and out with Faith! She's amazing!! Thank you for making the Fairfield Inn/ Marriott your choice hotel. My team and I are very excited that we had an impact on your stay. We are so glad that we were able to ensure that you and your party enjoyed their time with us. Should you require any further assistance please feel free to contact the hotel.Thank you Faith Jones Assistant Genreal Manager
We stayed overnight during the Thanksgiving break as one of us had to fly out the next morning by the 7am flight. They had a very convenient shuttle which dropped him off. The family got up later and went down for breakfast. It was almost 10 which is when they close. All the ladies who were there, kept the breakfast area open until almost 10:30. We noticed many other guests who walked in late. Thank you. The staff everywhere was amazing and friendly.The room was very clean and newly renovated or new build. Parking was free. Will definitely stay here if we are required to use the PHL airport.Hello,Thank you so much. We strive to provide outstanding service at all times. I will be sure to share your feedback with the breakfast ladies and the rest of the team. Please come back and see us if you are ever in the Philadelphia area.Yours in hospitality,Paulette M.
Stayed one night before flight out. Very close to airport, clean rooms and helpful staff.
Really felt right at home from the moment I set foot in the door. Very easy to get to and used the airport shuttle. The staff was courteous and helpful. Will always stay here when I travel. I was able to get a good night's sleep soI could get up early for my flight. Thank you for making the Fairfield Inn/Marriott your choice hotel. We are pleased to know that we were apart of ensuring that you had a wonderful stay. Here at the Fairfield Inn/Marriott we aim to ensure that each guest has a wonderful stay. Should you require any further assistance please feel free to contact the hotel. We look forward to you staying with us again, have a great day.Thak youFaith JonesAssistant General Manager
This is a very good Fairfield Inn close to Philadelphia Airport. Check in was a breeze and being a Gold member we were upgraded to a larger room. Room was perfectly clean. Great comfy bed and the wi fi in this hotel was excellent.We missed breakfast the next morning, but the woman in charge of breakfast was brilliant. I wanted to bring something upstairs for my wife to eat, and she went to the back and brought me a tray...I felt like a million dollars walking upstairs with our room service order- she was really terrific!!All in all we had a very nice stay here and would highly recommend this property.
We were in Philadelphia so our daughter and friend could attend the Taylor Swift concert. We searched online for days looking for a good rate for a one night stay. Just two days before our trip we came across the Fairfield Inn at a very good price. The front desk personnel made the reservation process a breeze. Upon arrival the hotel staff were friendly and courteous and made us feel welcome from the minute we entered the lobby. It was easy to tell they enjoyed working there. Everyone greeted us with a smile and friendly 'hello'. The newly renovated rooms were clean and comfortable. The pool was refreshing and breakfast was delicious. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great hotel experience and a convenient location.Hello,Thank you for taking the time to provide your feedback. That was an extremely busy weekend. We had a hotel full of Taylor Swift fans! It was awesome! Feel free to give me a call if you are ever in the Philadelphia area again so that I may be able to personally assist you!Yours in hospitality,Paulette M.
The Staff here is great(Christopher, Faith, John, Sheneke Jessica) ! everyone is so helpful and nice. Sheneke made me some cookies and I have become the biggest Fairfield Fan. The location is great. We were able to get to any place easily. Sheneke told us where we could find the best cheese steak is Philly. We could not be any more happy with our stay here. when i first called Chris at the front desk got our info and had us booked in our room in about 5 minutes.Hi!Thank you so much for your feedback. We LOVE positive reviews and continuously celebrate success. Chris, Faith, John, Sheneke and Jessica were all in smiles when I shared your feedback with them along with the rest of the team. Especially Sheneke! She is very happy. We would love for you to come back and see us again in the future.Yours in hospitality,Paulette M.
Good stay here. I don't generally nit pick about stuff, but my only issue is that the floors are thin. You could hear the above occupants walking all over their room. Thankfully, they went to bed at a decent hour, lol. My son has to swim in EVERY single pool at EVERY hotel we stay in. The pool here is HEAVILY chorinated. Even after he showered he smelled like chlorine and you couldn't even really see the bottom.of the pool. Overall good stay. Staff is super pleasant and helpful. I wanted to thank you for sharing your feedback with us here on Tripadvisor. I will be sure to relay your concerns regarding the pool. We do test our levels multiple times per day and we have an outside company that does this for us as well. I have not received any results back that our levels were over the threshold, but we will be sure to look into it. Thank you very much for staying with us.
Check-in was easy quick. Room was clean, bathroom and all room necessities in working order. A/C-Heat was easy to control. Coffee/Tea available 24h in breakfast area along with fresh fruit. Very friendly staff from front desk, housekeeping to breakfast attendants. Greeted by everyone with a Good Morning or Good Afternoon Breakfast area was well maintained and kept clean and attendants were extremely nice and attentive to the customers. Location is right the airport with a shuttle available. Train to downtown is available the airport or there is a station 0.5 miles away. TIP: Get the Day Pass to travel around the city, especially downtown area. You can get off the train, onto the subway or bus using the pass for 1 price.Thank you for taking the time to give us a review. We are delighted that your stay with the Fairfield Inn Philadelphia Airport was enjoyable. Everything we do is aimed at providing you with an excellent hotel experience and your feedback is extremely valuable. We truly appreciate you sharing your thoughts with us so that we may continue to deliver exceptional service in the future.
I love to stay here the people are the best They help with anything we need .Also I stay at the Fairfield inn in Exton PA. and I know they own by the same people and staff are the best at both places . We always stay here after we stay in Exton so we have the airport Shuttle the next morning. The remodel looks great and the new beds are greatHello!Thank you so much for taking the time to provide your feedback! We are extremely excited about our newly renovated rooms. They look absolutely amazing and we are recieving excellent reviews! Thank you for making us your choice hotel while staying in the Philadelphia area. We would love for you to come and stay with us again in the future.Yours in hospitality,Paulette M.GM
My husband and I were leaving on an 8 am flight to Orlando to go to Disney World with our Son, Daughter-in-Law, and 2 grandchildren (Age 4 8). We normally have a minimal of 45 min ride to the airport, so I decided to give the kids (and us) more sleep, we would stay the night. It was such a nice place to stay---they even kept our car parked while we were gone. I would highly recommend it.Hello!Thank you so much for your review. Our guest love using the Park Here, Fly There Package. It is truly a favorite. We would be honored for you to come back and stay with us again in the future.Yours in hospitality,Paulette M.
Coming from the caribbean, missing our flight to Munich and without warm clothes (luggage was not loaded in STT), we had to stay near the PHL airport until the next afternoon. Following the recommendation on tripadvisor, we choose the Fairfield Inn and got the last available room.The shuttle-driver offered us to drive us directly to a shop to buy some items for the night !Large, very comfortable beds and a nice breakfast.Also, we were offered a late check-out without any additional payment.Overall a very recommendable hotel!
I suppose you get what you pay for. Rooms appear clean but are small. Pricing is still a bit high for what you get. Rooms are a bit noisy and you can hear others' in hallways and in adjacent rooms. The only perk is the free breakfast, which is just okay.The thing that really bothered me about this property was the shuttle service. So, they advertise they have shuttle service, but if you don't tell the front desk at least a half day ahead of time they tell you that they ain't got you down on the shuttle log and they act like they are doing you a favor to get a ride back to the airport on the top of the hour. Hello! Take a customer service class or don't advertise free shuttle service!Thank you makling the Fairfield Inn/ Marriott, we are unpleased that your stay with us was not enjoyable. However, thank you for bringing your concerns to our attention. We strive to ensure that our service is pleasing to our guest. We sincerely apologize for this inconvenience. Should you require any further assistance please feel free to contact the hotel.Thank you Faith JonesAssistant General Manager
Stayed here overnight in between flights through the airport. The room was clean, and the staff was friendly. Had an early flight out the next morning and the shuttle bus driver met me in the lobby to discuss my flight and sort out the logistics of where to drop me off. Arrived late and was hungry. There is a Ruby Tuesday across the street from the hotel which provided a decent late night meal. Nothing extravagant, but very much meets your needs if you need to stay close to the airport.Thank you for taking the time to share your experience with us. We're glad we were able to meet your needs during your stay in Philadelphia.
the Fairfield inn staff was amazing everyone was super nice and eager to help us, I was traveling with a group of friends for a concert and I left my charger at home, the night staff member Anthony gave me his personal charger, I have never experienced that level of customer service every time I encountered Anthony during my stay he was smiling and eager to help even when we left for a 4 am flight he rushed over to the kitchen and got us yogurt and bagels. The Fairfield inn is my choice when I travel to Philadelphia.Thank you for making the Fairfield Inn/Mariott your choice hotel, we are excited that we made your stay amazing. I will ensure to inform Anthony and my team of the amzing service they provided to you. Should you require any further assistance please feel free to contact the hotel.Thank youFaith JonesAssistant General Manager
I travel through Philadelphia frequently and find a need for a hotel between flights. I found the hotel fits my needs and the price is right. Many reviews state that it needs an update. The halls are indeed in need of a face lift. My room was quiet, clean and comfortable. The continental breakfast was good, but running out of things as I waited till the end to go downstairs and it was bursting at the seams. The front desk treats you as if you are the only guest and they are there for your every need. Another guest was looking for the apple store the desk clerk quickly found where it was and called a taxi company to find out what the fare would be there and back. I consider this to be over and above what a desk clerk usually does, kudos to that employee. I have had trouble before with the shuttle service with other hotels in Philadelphia airport area and found them to be sadly disappointing. You can depend on their shuttle service and as with every other employee of this hotel, the driver was a total delight, plus offered me a bottle of water for the drive. Do not let the need for an update of the common area stop you from staying at this great hotel that truly knows the meaning of customer servHello!Thank you so much for taking the time to provide your feedback. Our team is truly dedicated to providing outstanding service at all times. It is a commitment of ours to ensure that no guest leaves unhappy. Therefore, we ensure our service is top-notch at all times. We would love for you to come and stay with us again if you are ever in the Philadelphia area.Thank you,Paulette Moore
Hotel staff was wonderful from start to finish in the midst of snowstorm in February. SO helpful and friendly. Many stayed overnight to make sure hotel was staffed next day. And although hotel does not have restaurant (by design), when the only restaurant within walking distance was closed, the staff brought in food and offered to share with me. Through it all, they had great attitudes and made a miserable situation bearable.Hello!We sincerely appreciate your feedback. We continue to focus on providing outstanding service and ensuring our guest are taken care of despite of the ongoing weather issues. Thank you so much for sharing your wonderful comments. We would love to have you back. Feel free to give me a call so that I may personally assist you!Yours in hospitality,Paulette M.
This hotel had all you need for a comfortable stay before a heavy traveling day. Beds were comfortable, roomy rooms and a nice pool facility. The breakfast was one of the better ones we experienced on our holiday. We had no problem securing a late checkout and shuttle to the airport was an important, good extra. Thanks to all the staff for their friendliness and kindness.Thanks for staying with us. We appreciate your feedback!
We stayed one night, as we were seeing a concert in Camden. Friendly staff. Tasty breakfast. Hospitable desk clerks who provided directions and dining options. Our room was clean and spacious. We were very pleased overall and would definitely stay again.Thank you for sharing your experience with us. We are so glad to hear we'll see you again.
While this is an older hotel, it is well maintained, very clean, and has all the things business travellers need -- free internet, business center, continental breakfast. Staff was very pleasant. Very convenient to the airport and an easy shot to downtown. Will probably use it again.Thank you very much. I am very glad that you were able to accomplish all of your business needs while staying with us. We hope that you will allow us to serve you again in the future!Yours in hospitality,Paulette MooreGeneral Mananger
Nothing really special about this Fairfield, located neat Philadelphia Airport. We stayed because we got a terrific rate, which made it worthwhile. Tons of very loud kids in the pool and whirlpool, which was annoying. Management didn't seem to be in the mood to enforce any of the rules against, for example, jumping and kids without adults. Heavy security measures at the front door are a bit off-putting, but once you're past them, this is a typical Fairfield. Decent breakfast.
Our family of four (2 adults, 2 kids) stayed here while in town for a family visit. We found the location of the hotel to be convenient, as we went into the city, and out to the southwestern suburbs. Check-in went very smoothly and the staff was very courteous. We found our room to be very clean and the bed was comfortable. We heard some cars drag racing late at night, but did not hear any of the airplane traffic from the nearby airport. We had the continental breakfast and we were happy with it. Our only disappointment came on the second night of our stay. The pool was shut down because of a broken pump. That was a little disappointing for the kids, as they had swam the night before and had a good time, but, those things happen... Overall, we had a nice stay.Hello,Thank you very much for your feedback. We accept any and all feedback in a positive manner! Yes, I am extremely sorry for the inconvenience. We also needed to ensure the chemical levels were at the right levels before opening it back up. Thank you for your understanding. We would love another opportunity to serve you again in the future!Yours in hospitality,Paulette MooreGeneral Manager
I loved this hotel. The staff was very friendly and the room was impeccably clean. Great place for children and close to restaurants and highway. They also offered complimentary breakfast which was delicious. The pool was clean the only drawback was the exercise equipment could have been updated.Hello,We sincerely appreciate and value any and all feedback to ensure continuous outstanding service. Thank you so much for taking the time to provide your feedback. I will most certainly look into your suggestion! We look forward to serving you again in the future!Yours in hospitality,Paulette M.
We stayed at this hotel while attending an event at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia. Our room was comfortable and more than adequate. The hotel was very busy, but we slept great and were not bothered by noise. The hotel was really convenient to the Wells Fargo Center and not being from the area, the drive was easy. Breakfast was busy but well stocked and the staff was friendly and helpful.We are so glad to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us. We hope to see you again soon!
On Tuesday, December 10, 2013 I pull in to the Fairfield Inn Marriott in Philadelphia with a flat tire. I was on my way to take my last final for the semester, I walked into the lobby and asked was there anybody to help change a tire. The agent at the count was an angel, and said, sure give me a minute. Then a young man came over to me and introduce himself as John. John said, I'm here to help you with you car, at that point we both walk out to my truck. John, asked if I had a jack or anything else to take a tire off, well I didn't. John with so much patience and great customer service, said Don't worry I'll find one. Then John and Reuben came over as a team and blessed me to get back on the road and on time to school for my final. I am so very thankful and blessed for that experience at the FairField Inn. You are the Best. Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. CarmenHi Carmen,John and Ruben are awesome! I will be sure to share your comments with them along with the rest of the team. We would love for you to come back and see us again in the future. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year's to you also!Paulette M.
Stayed here overnight in between flights through the airport. The room was clean, and the staff was friendly. Had an early flight out the next morning and the shuttle bus driver met me in the lobby to discuss my flight and sort out the logistics of where to drop me off. Arrived late and was hungry. There is a Ruby Tuesday across the street from the hotel which provided a decent late night meal. Nothing extravagant, but very much meets your needs if you need to stay close to the airport.Thank you for taking the time to share your experience with us. We're glad we were able to meet your needs during your stay in Philadelphia.
