We had a wonderful stay at this hotel, the girl at the front desk at check in was wonderful! Our room was very nice with a great view of the city. Would stay here again, so close to little Italy, and the subway!I'm glad you enjoyed the effort my team puts forth to make sure your stay with us is great! Thank you for choosing to stay with us at the Wyndham Garden Chinatown! We hope to see you soon!
I've been wanting to stay here for a few months and finally got the chance. None of the awesome pictures on Trip Advisor and the Roxbury website compare to what you'll see in person. There is SO much detail in every room according to the theme of that room. No stones were left unturned completing the rooms. I was able... More
We've been coming here for years now and can never stop singing the praises of is hotel and the entire team behind The Roxbury. My son is finally aware of his surrounding and got quite an eyeful! It's official he is obsessed with the Roxbury and all things Catskills! I'm so happy to keep the la or day tradition going.... More
I rented the Amadeus Bride suite for a group of 6 girls for a bachelorette party. We LOVED the room and had the best time! The decor was amazing and so unique - we just wish we could have had a tour of the other rooms! The staff was very friendly and helpful. We loved being able to use the... More
I wanted to visit Woodstock on my big birthday. looked for places to stay and this popped up with great reviews. This hotel was reason enough to celebrate in the Catskills! WE traveled from MA for the weekend with our two daughters and this hotel was the highlight of our trip (for all of us). No need to travel to... More
Well, This the 3rd year in a row that we have come out for my fiancee's birthday. We have stayed in a different room every time. This year it was Tony's dance floor.It was everything we expected. Joe and Greg the owners were awesome. We got to go and take a look at the future Stratton Falls site,. The falls... More
The roxbury is a nostalgic kind of place near woodstock .A peaceful getaway up in the catskills It has theme rooms like emerald room(wizard of oz) tony's dance floor (saturday night fever) maryann's coconut cream pie,( the room looks like your sleeping in a pie) you can walk by a running brook,sit near a fire pit near by attractions are... More
The Edge is a clean hotel with an attractive and inviting lobby. The rooms are comfortable and clean as well. There is an excellent family restaurant within walking distance. We enjoyed our brief stay.
Staff are professional pleasant. Rooms are CLEAN comfortable. Quality breakfast provided, with options for varying diets. The heated indoor pool is well maintained. Floor does get slick though! When travelling to Kingston, NY this is the first Hotel I check for room availability!Thank you for the rating and the wonderful review. We appreciate you sharing your comments on our facility and staff. Great that we are your first choice!! Thanks!
We had an exceptional experience at the Metro Atrium. My family of 5 was scheduled to arrive for my nephews wedding at a nearby venue, and were immediately accommodated when we asked to check in earlier due to an impending storm. The room was a...More
We travel from Albany to this area in order to visit relatives in Plattsburgh and then go to the casino. We absoultely LOVE this place....we are always treated kindly. The owners are very friendly and courteous. We have been coming here for about 4 years now and this is the only place we will stay at. always clean and comfortable.... More
After a late afternoon ferry ride from CT, we scrambled to find a place to stay nearby and drove the extra miles to get to this place. And what a location it was. Nested in trees just a stone throw from the ocean. Room was very clean with comfy double beds and large TV. Bath was also spotless and of... More
When our flight out of LGA was delayed, we decided to make the most of it and venture out onto Long Island. We should have thought about booking accommodations for the night earlier, but were lucky to find Ocean View Terrace. It was clean, well-located, and the management was very good.
This was a lovely place with spacious rooms and gorgeous views of the ocean from our balcony. Room was spacious and clean. The manager (owner) Penny went above and beyond to make sure we enjoyed ourselves and we cannot thank her enough. Lots of yummy spots to eat less than 10 minutes away. Excellent getaway spot, we will be back... More
We booked the entire Sheeley House for my daughter's wedding 9/26/15 and loved the house. The rooms are beautifully decorated and comfortable. We stayed in the Rose room. Very comfortable bed, nice linens. Towels were sparse and smelled a little like mildew. The blueberry buttermilk pancakes were the lightest and finest I've ever had! Coffee was waiting for us and... More
The Sheeley House is a historical home. It is elegant and beautiful yet comfortable and welcoming. All the rooms are beautifully decorated and immaculately clean. There is a nice porch with rocking chairs for relaxing in the evening. The owner, Sue, is very pleasant, helpful and accommodating. Breakfast was served at our convenience and we were asked what we would... More
clean, but bad tv and internet service. Nothing fancy, but it works. I hate the bedspreads, so I ripped the sheets off and layered on top of the bedspread so I wouldn't have to touch. They were nice at the front desk.
We needed a economical room close to Corning to attend a weekend class at CMOG. At 58 a night we certainly found that but sometimes you have to worry that you'll get what you paid for. That was not the case here. From letting us check in very early (and checking out a little bit late), to making good restaurant... More
Bright, comfortable, friendly staff. Room was quiet (I asked for a quiet one) clean, bed was comfortable. Would definitely stay here again if in Troy. Got in a little on the later side, so ordered room service from the restaurant next door - good price on the food and it was decent. I'm a runner so ran from this... More
Convenient to downtown Troy and RPI. Can walk to campus but uphill all the way. Location, parking, lobby and breakfast area rate high marks. Rooms smaller than I expected. Overlooks the Hudson with a park nearby. I will stay there again when in the area.
Staff was exceptional, always a friendly smile for me when I was walking around. Hotel room was very clean and affordable. They also had a complimentary shuttle that was able to bring myself and my family to a shopping area.
Bed Bugs !! Motel very old tired. Impossible to fall back to sleep after being eaten alive by bed bugs. Left in early morning hours and sealed my luggage in plastic bag! Motel close to Saratoga Racetrack and the racing season during August fill all the hotels and rates double. Stay away from this motel.
Friendly staff at the Front Desk, clean and newly-decorated rooms make this the best choice when choosing a hotel near the airport. Free breakfast includes oatmeal with the 'fixings', scrambled eggs, waffles and pork sausage patties. Can't be beat.
We arrived before check-in time after a long night of red eye flights and they were able to accommodate our early arrival - best nap in a long time! Quiet, clean, comfortable and the staff was pleasant and efficient in helping us. Not too far from Niagra Falls and pool is open until 11 for a relaxed swim after a... More
Rooms are nice, a little small but comfortable (well maintained and clean), decent free breakfast. It felt a little more motel-ish than hotel-ish and was disappointed at the first impressions of the lobby. We had numerous problems with the cable TV cutting in and out on the movie channels and that was very frustrating. We reported it 2 times and... More
Best hotel I have ever stayed at. No lie....the hotel and room had a modern look and it seemed brand new - super clean, super quiet and decorated with cool colors. I couldn't find one thing that didn't meet my expectations. The breakfasts were yummy. The front desk staff was awesome - they assisted us with directions to Niagara Falls,... More
The important stuff: Front Desk: Friendly but not very knowledgeable Issues Resolution: N/A Outlets: nothing near the bed, definitely annoying Iron: N/A Bed: Fair Room Cleanliness: Very clean, even came with handi-wipes for the remote and other surfaces. Great touch! Shower: Tub Water Pressure: Average Drains: Not clogged Room Service: N/A, lite breakfast buffet included. Amenity Kit: Standard Parking: free... More
What a nice experience eating here twice in one day since we were staying at the hotel. We tried the flatbread pizza...excellent and crispy. At dinner they gave us steamed edamame with oil and garlic...very delicious. We also enjoyed the Kobe beef meatballs that were served over noodles and penne in marinara sauce. Everything was great and the service was... More
Staff were very friendly and helpful. The hotel itself is a little tired but clean.I had a single room and would approx the size as 7ft by 15ft (hotel site may confirm). The view was to the apartments opposite and an alleyway below. I took earplugs as Ive been to NYC before and its noisy. The room had a singe bed, wardrobe, desk and mounted tv. Also had an ensuite. Rooms a little tired but again - clean. The toiletries were of a good standard which was a nice surprise.No breakfast facilities in the hotel - coffee and tea is available to take out in the mornings from a trolley in reception. The best thing about this hotel is its location. 5 mins from Broadway (Times Sq) - cant fault it.I will be back!!Dear Shy,Thank you for your comments regarding your recent stay. There is no one better to judge our performance than you, our guest. We have made great efforts to create an environment of comfort for our guests. May I recommend a larger room category for your future reservation I do believe you will be satisfied. On behalf of the hotels management team we thank you for your patronage and we look forward to welcoming you back to the Washington Jefferson Hotel.Sincerely yours,Management WJ Hotel
There's a lot to like about this cute 10-room hotel. Several of us were lucky to find vacancies on our way to a family wedding in upstate NY. It's reasonably priced compared to other options in the area, and the recent renovation definitely has a modern charm about it. The rooms are large and very well furbished with a local... More
Hotel Dylan is a fabulous boutique hotel in Woodstock that I discovered when searching for a place to stay for the weekend in historic Woodstock. Everything that you see on their website is completely accurate. The 10 room hotel is beautifully styled with bohemian interiors that are all new, chic and incredibly stimulating to the eyes. I can best describe... More
I was here this weekend on a girls' trip with my best friend and could not have been happier with how the weekend went. Eric and Miriam were the most pleasant, gracious hosts and were always available to make our stay most comfortable. Home/Grounds: The home sits atop a mountain overlooking the Hudson River and thus has some of the... More
Where to begin From the moment we walked in to foyer of the charming 200 year old mansion I knew we were in for something special. The attention to detail in every room oozed class, comfort, and content! Breakfast were served in a elegent dinning room befitting a King and Queen and the breakfasts were scrumptious! The Mary Powell Room... More
I stayed at the hotel for five nites with a group of 54 people from Elite Tours. The staff and breakfast were great. They went out of their way to make sure our stay there was great. I will be returning in Aug with a large group from Elite Tours. I highly recommend this hotel I rate it as a... More
I booked this hotel for my groups.. All the guests loved this hotel . They told me that the hotel staffs are very nice and the room are clean ..Great breakfast for each morning...Highly recommend this hotel.
This is a great location, easy walk to Grand Central, 5th Avenue, Rockefeller Cemtre, Trump Tower, Times Sq. Hotel appears newly renovated, small but immaculate room, spotless bathroom. No fridge or kettle but you can request. Complimentary tea/coffee available in the lobby in the morning and there is also a Lobby Starbucks. On checkout, hotel staff will keep your bags for a small fee.
We coud't get into our room, so after two visits to reception there was an engineer sent up and we eventually got in, we also had bother with the cold tap birling round this was also reported to reception, then we never got any replacement towels, ok an honest mistake but lastly the rooms at the back of the hotel suffer from a really noisy outside fan which takes a couple of days to get used to.
Great location in Midtown. Hotel had a cool vibe and was clean and everyone was very nice and helpful. The price was not too expensive either. The rooms are small, but that is to be expected in NY. I had a king room and there was plenty of room to get around and for two suitcases with 2 adults. The bathroom was rather small, so be prepared. They do charge a resort fee, which included a drink ticket and laundry. Sadly, when you are only there a weekend, you do not need laundry, so that is a bit of a waste and un-needed. But definitely use the drink tickets in the hotel lobby bar since you paid for it! This hotel met all my needs and would stay here again if back in NYC.
Small room and clean a place to put your head down. Coffee waiting for us in the morning. No ice machine. It was kind of expansive for a old motel. One good thing was Denny's was right next door. Motel was right off rt 90 can't miss it.
Boo and I checked into the Sleepy Valley Inn after a restless night at another BB down the road. The Sleepy Valley Inn was much nicer and had the real cozy BB feel we were looking for. The over-sized Jacuzzi-tub was a major plus for us. (Boo loves her bubble baths). The owner, John, was really warm and welcoming and... More
Quaint and peaceful. The Inn is perfectly nestled in its surroundings, which made our visit just perfect. Peg and John were fun and attentive. Breakfast was perfect! Throughly enjoyed my omelette abd Peg's blueberry muffins hit the spot.
I feel *so* guilty giving this place a ho-hum review. Thats because the couple that runs the place are *so* nice! Gia, the GM, is always available, helping at every turn. And thats the problem--you *will* need help at every turn. THINGS THAT BUGGED ME: no individual room temperature control, no inside door latch, dust balls, cobwebs, crumbling window sills,... More
This is one of those things that I actually can semi laugh about at this time, but it sickens me still. I am very clean and neat as a pin. We needed a layover as we were moving items from our NY home to our NJ home. We had a rental truck booked and it was about 11:00 pm when... More
This is by far the best hotel we have stayed at in a long time. Lobby is beautiful and service is friendly and efficient. The room is spacious and modern with a kitchen. Pricing is very reasonable considering the spacious beautiful room.Thank you for staying with us and for giving us a 5 star review! We aim to make each guest feel at home when they walk through our front doors!
Very nice hotel. This is a beautiful hotel. Large, comfortable rooms. Very clean. Made our stay very nice. Thank you!! I travel regularly due to my son playing travel sports and this hotel definitely ranks in the top!
We had a very pleasant stay. After reading some reviews I was concerned, but the room was nice, clean and odorless :) The staff was exceptionally pleasant. We played the slot on premise and actually won. The Inn is about a mile or so away from Turning Stone,
We were visiting the hospital which is 1.2 miles away so it was perfect for us. We came back to the motel after visiting hours and were within half a block of a nice restaurant/pub. We just walked. Beautiful setting along the canal. Newark Garden included breakfast. Nice addition. This is not a new motel, but had warmth and charm.... More
I recently stayed at the Newark Garden Hotel for a gathering. It had the nostalgic allure of an older hotel, and immediately the hotel's simple charm and genuinely friendly staff won me over. The bed was quite comfortable, the room was clean and spacious, full hot breakfast was included, and there was a good sized conference/dining room at the hotel... More
the owners are accommodating.the pool is great. there is no food or drink but there are decent places within 2 to 3 blocks. the rooms have been upgraded from the past owners. everything is clean and friendly.
Recently my family experienced a tragedy that brought us all together in Newark, many of us stayed at the Newark Garden Hotel. We almost drove several miles due to the previous reviews but decided to stay closer to the family. I am extremely glad we did, the rooms were very clean, and the management was wonderful. They serve a hot... More
This is a new property with a great future.The location is great, rooms are well appointed and excellent service from the wellness team.This is where you want to stay if you want a good night rest,healthy food,safe environment and good exercise.The management team and Their associates are very knowledgeable and they are ready to help answer any question you asked... More
Stayed at the Ritz for 3 nights last weekend with husband and daughter. The club level service was amazing, as was service all over the hotel, from the check -in to the door men to the people who cleaned the room. I used the concierge several times, and was able to get into a restaurant that showed up as nothing available on Open Table by using the Ritz' contacts.The club had (alcoholic) drinks available all day , or at least every time we stopped. The bites sized portions served at the pre dinner hour were plentiful and had great variety.Breakfast was nice. Would have been nice to include an egg option,maybe scrambled eggs or something. We had bagels with smoked salmon or oatmeal most mornings. The coffee was good as well.The only thing that was not perfect was that each bed nobly had to flattened out down pillows on it , so we asked for a couple extra which were brought up immediately with a smile.Thank you to the Ritz for a memorable stay !
I traveled to Ritz Central Park for my 50th Birthday celebrations with my Mother and my Daughter.... we had this planned for approximately 9 months....Upon arrival we were very impressed with the hotel lobby. Whilst checking in I didnt feel the usual Ritz welcome service I had experienced in other Ritz Hotels. We made our way up to a very pleasant room with a Cava chilling and selection of chocolates and a birthday card welcome which was a lovely touch to the start of our vacation. Our room was not quite ready as the put up bed had not been set up, our arrival was approximately 8pm so I would have thought this would have been done. We hit the shops ( Black Friday). On returning to the hotel all was done. We continued to enjoy our stay at the Ritz which an amazing setting in an ideal location. The doormen where very attentive as we were in and out and nothing was to much trouble for them.Getting ready to go out on Sunday evening I realised an item of jewellery was missing. Security initially could not do enough and we were given access to Club Lounge as we needed to hang around the hotel more than we wanted to to help with investing the incident. Not ideal when we only had a 5 day stay. However, after 24 hours and the item was never found I felt like we were under suspicion. We never heard anything from Security again. Police took statements. On arrival back to the UK we have had to contact Ritz to find out any outcome of their investigation and are still no further on. Overall staying at Ritz Hotels is amazing experience but this particular stay did not make me feel like a valued customer....
Stayed for 3 days with wife and son, all staff were superb. They really made you feel welcome. The breakfasts were wonderful. The location was excellent for the park and shopping. The staff were happy to assist in booking tickets for top of the rock, natural museum and zoo. Worth a visit.Thank you very much for your great feedback regarding your stay.Our ladies and gentleman take so much pride in the service they provide everyday and it always makes us, especially here at The Ritz-Carlton, Central Park, feel that we have made a difference in peoples lives.We look forward to seeing you in the future.Terry
Sometimes I find myself waiting way to long to write a good review, not this time. Planned a girls shopping trip to NYC 6 months ago and booked Ritz over other considerations. Have stayed at Ritz- Central Park one other time many years ago with family and had a magical experience. So in the efforts to recreate the last experience I booked again. In my opinion the location can not be beat (I am shocked when folks say they don't like mid town, sooooo much to do within feet from hotel). From the second you arrive you are made to feel increadably special, amazing welcoming staff. We splurged and upgraded to club level (highly recommend for many reasons), so we checked in and headed to club level for a much needed cocktail. The Club lounge is beautiful and very welcoming. Equiped with heavy appetizers, wine, champagne, bottled water, etc it was a sight for sore eyes (We had been traveling for 9 hours). Within a minute of arriving, Lazar who was on duty asked if we would like a beverage we said yes 'Martini's please' (can't say enough about how much we enjoyed Lazar, great personality, great martini maker, great representative to the hotel). The room was very lovely, what you would expect of a Ritz. The location of this hotel is right accross the street of central park, blocks from the best shopping anywhere in the world and you can walk to Time Square Theatre district. Sit in the lobby bar and it's people watching galore. Keep eyes pealed you just might see a celeb or two. I had very high expectations (based on last visit) and the Ritz effortlessly topped themselves. Will be back, and worth every penny.
Just a short comment which I feel impelled to make regarding the Park Central where we stayed. We had been looking at cheaper accommodation but am so pleased we stayed at PC as the beds were so big and comfortable. I have never slept so well on holiday. The icing on the cake however was the wonderful assistance we received from Elizabeth of Customer Relations. After a long flight from UK and delays at airports and taxi rides, she was the perfect hostess on arrival in a strange city when we were both tired and worn out. We shall never forget her bright hospitality and she is a great ambassador for the hotel.Best Wishes.Maureen
While walking Mid Town Manhattan, and Central Park, we found the best place to relax and enjoy a nice drink. Inside the Ritz sits a very nice, but small, intimate bar. We found service to be what you expect , outstanding! Simply put, they remember clients by your last names, and are very friendly as well. You feel like they are truly glad you stopped by. Norman has been there for 30+ years, and has the best Irish coffee recipe I have ever had. Drinks are generous, poured the old fashioned way, and served with a warm smile! The decor is classic, upscale,staff friendly and not at all stuffy. We came back the next evening for our last evening meal during our visit in NYC.
Wow what a property! That was my favorite NYC hotel stay so far. Service is attentive, breakfast was good, and the location is just amazing, just across from Central Park.The room was large and the Park view is breathtaking. I strongly recommend this hotel, and I will certainly stay there again.
Typical Ritz Carlton high standard of excellence. Had a deluxe king room on a high floor facing the park. Very attentive staff and high quality bedding. Very expensive drinks, spa services, and food. Which is expected for a 5 star hotel on Central Park.
Super Location. Everything you can ask for in entertainment, dining, leisure, and sightseeing is all within walking distance. Hotel is modern and elegant and the concierge was helpful whenever we needed.
I am currently on my last day of a five night stay at The Plaza, where my stay has been disappointing. Tonight, I joined colleagues for a quick drink in the Star Lounge at The Ritz-Carlton Central Park and wow, what a difference. The room is intimate, warm, elegant and the servers attentive. However, what really impressed me and drove me to write this review, is George at the concierge desk. I only had a simple question - the location of the ladies room - and George was all smiles, warm and friendly. He is an outstanding asset to the hotel. I will rave about this hotel and recommend it to others simply because of George. What a great first and last impression!
Beautiful time of year to be in NYC. Great hotel and the only place I will stay when I come into the city during the holidays. First class service and hotel. Comfy bed and pillows. Very clean. Only suggestion I would make is to upgrade your TV's and offer more channels.
We went for our 25th wedding anniversary. The staff went way above the call of duty. Best location to see central park a play and go shopping. We mentioned on our reservation it was our 25th. They then asked for wedding song/artist. It was playing on our arrival in our room. Then some chocolate covered strawberries showed up after our play and dinner. Just a wonderful time.
Visited NYC for first time with family of 5 for a double birthday celebration. Booked a park view suite with club access. Room worked great For The kids with additional rollaway bed. We had an amazing view of the park and everything was right out the front door. Club lounge provided great service and easy breakfast lunch snacks and drinks. Fantastic club staff filled every request. From the moment we arrived the doormen knew my kids by name. Gave us apples for feed the horses one night after a carriage ride. The ritz always does a super job for our family but these guys really have their act together!
This hotel is beyond your imagination! My stay was extra special because of the hotel's competent and caring staff. The location is across from Central Park and not far from attractions such as Carnegie Hall and Times Square.
As part of our honeymoon we stayed at the Ritz Carlton for 6 days. New York was amazing as always and the location of the hotel is just great, just of Central Park South. Initially we were given the wrong room and, despite having been in contact with the customer service manager up front (both regarding the honeymoon and the fact we are platinum members) our special requests were not followed up.But, upon contacting the front desk on these points, the Ritz Carlton staff made every effort in giving us a great stay and provided us with complimentary drinks and dinner.The fact the overall score comes to average is noy only due to the disappointment while checking in, but also due to the fact that the Ritz prices are high. And the overall customer experience you get in return is just not up to par. The rooms are nice, but small and in need for remodelling. As are the hallways and some of the public spaces. Furthermore we would have expected more qualified staff as well. At slightly lower rates we would have given the Ritz a score of 4. But, again, good hotel in a great location. Oh and by the way, the beds are simply devine.Dear Sjors257,Thank you for your feedback and please accept my deepest apology as the image of our hotel was not up to your expectation. I regret that you left with a completely negative impression of our hotel and please know that regaining your trust and faith in our hotel is very important to us. We certainly look forward to the opportunity of welcoming you back and would appreciate the opportunity to be in touch with you. If you could afford the time, I may be reached directly at this number (212) 521- 6033. I look forward to hearing from you.Sincerely,Erden KendigelenHotel Manager
The Ritz Central Park, New York was an excellent choice for my first ever live viewing of The Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. The staff was exceptional, the hotel is beautiful and the food is delicious!
Spent four nights and enjoyed it a lot! I wouldn't mind going back, but I'd probably try somewhere else on my next visit to NYC, just to be fun. Some notes:- No digital clocks in the room... nice analog clocks for a change! - Workout facility in-house, reasonably good enough and clean. No pool onsite, but access is given to a nearby gym at reasonable rates apparently. - Small but beautiful elevators- Only hotel that I have been to that has Opus One and Johnny Blue bottles available for purchase in each room. - We had free wi-wi in room- We had Club access and that is our favorite way to go at the Ritz. Some pros and cons include: * Lots of food and coffee when needed * Some flies on cheese * Helpful and nice people / service * Great breakfast * Repeated menu EVERY single day... a bit boring. - Got free parking with one of my rooms, but not the other. Would have been 65/day (!) - Nice amount of pens, paper, soaps, and other useful items in room including currency power converter for international devices- Choice of AM newspapers- Extremely fair at checkout... anything we didn't agree with was immediately taken off our bill. Cons:- Horses hang out across the street and often lobby has horse-smell. - Cigarette smell in EACH of three hotel rooms that I was in during my stay. After about 5 minutes in the room you wont notice it any more. - Very few, if any, rooms with two beds in them... - The employee's two way radios do not work in every room, causing delays- In room safe is too small for laptop- Welcome water was offered by front desk, but could have been helpful in the room instead. - Requested to see if an upgrade was available at checkin -- maybe, but only for additional money. - Do not even think of getting a room not facing central park in this hotel. Not only does it not face central park, it faces NOTHING. We moved out of this smelly room immediately. - Draws are small in room- Only one luggage rack in our room- Relatively small rooms to other Ritz properties I've been to
We have stayed here many times and it is by far the best hotel in New York City. The staff is fabulous - attentive without being overbearing. Go see Catherine in the Restaurant/Lounge - her service is impeccable. The rooms are well appointed. This time we had a non-view room but it meant we were tucked back in the corner of the hotel and so quiet. We never heard anything. Love this hotel.We are so appreciative of you taking the time to share this wonderful review about The Ritz-Carlton New York, Central Park, and I'm so happy you had yet another wonderful stay with us! Travel + Leisure's readers voted us as the 1 Hotel in NYC last year, and we are delighted to know that you could not agree with them more! Thank you for being our loyal guest, and we look forward to welcoming you back again soon.Kind Regards,Elizabeth MullinsGeneral Manager
I went there with my bf and wee hesitated between going at the Ritz, the Andaz and the Langdam. The hotel isn't a bad one, obviously, but cost wise when we compared it with others the Ritz wasn't worth the price.Big bed and lot of pillows Shower: too small and oldish water distribution Good location in front of central parkThank you for being our guest and for your comments on Trip Advisor.Yes our hotel does have a spectacular location in front of Central Park - perhaps the best location in the city - a block from fifth avenue / Lincoln Center - walking distance to the theater district and all midtown has to offer.....The hotel is also a historic space which makes it very special. The rooms are about 100 square feet larger than most hotels in the city and the We of course are the Only Five Star Hotel on the list of comparisons. Thank you once again for being our guest and for your comments and candor. I do hope to have the opportunity to serve you again on a future trip to New York City.Elizabeth
We were there for a long weekend to celebrate my birthday. I would say that the best part of the hotel is the staff. They pamper you from beginning to end. The staff in the restaurant is wonderful. They really take care of you and make you feel welcome. They greet you by name each time they see you. We had breakfast twice and ate ate lunch once. The quality of the food is great too. The room was very nice. We were upgraded to a bigger room with a view towards the park. The location of the hotel is great: close to 5th avenue shopping, Central Park and not far from the theater district. The only part that I think needs to be remodeled is the entrance/lobby area. It's a little cramped and dark for a hotel of this quality. They were remodeling the outside though.
Stayed here for 3 nights recently and first time at this hotel. This is a great location and we were upgraded to a lovely room overlooking Central Park. The location is convenient to shops, restaurants and theaters. Front desk staff are courteous and accomodating as well as the bell and doormen and the rooms are beautufully appointed and spotlessly clean. The Club Lounge was very disappointing, though, from the standpoint of service and amenities. I have been to RC club lounges all over the world so in comparison this one rates at the very bottom. First, the staff seem more inclined to converse with each other than anticipate and serve the customer. For example, they were very slow to clean up tables, replace food items, or bring requested items (that are not out of the ordinary such as expresso, gluten free bread, plain yogurt). No anticipation of the guest's needs-just a total sense of uncaring and complacency. In fact, on my third morning for breakfast, i asked for these items for the third time and was greeted with a reluctant acknowledgement plus I overheard the concierge make a snide remark to the servers. As a female executive traveling often, I have never encountered this in an RC club lounge previously. My gluten free bread arrived with one heal of the bread loaf, quite shameful in a 5 star hotel. Overall, in spite of the lovely location and beautiful rooms, this experience does not compel me to return nor recommend to my business colleagues. There are plenty of other excellent hotels in NYC who will appreciate your business.Thank you for being our guest this weekend and for taking your time to complete a Review of the hotel. I am glad that you found the location and quality of the hotel to be wonderful - but I am sorry that your club experience was not as you expected. I have reviewed your comments with my team.I was pleased to find out that you were given a 300 credit at check out to compensate for the experience. I have reviewed your room bill and do see that the credit has gone through and should be reflected in your American Express Statement.Thank you once again for staying wiht us. Warm Regards,Elizabeth
This hotel delivers were other 5 Star NYC hotels fall flat. Great in every way. Clean and fresh rooms, amazing location, great Central Park views (Central Park View rooms only), 5 Star service at every turn. I love this hotel. Unlike The Four Seasons Central Park (57th St), this is a true 5 Star experience. You cannot go wrong here!
Located to the South of Central Park the hotel is in a convenient, very animated and touristic location. A few minutes from 5th avenue and the hype upper east side, a lot can be done walking. The view over Central Park is priceless and above all, service and attention to details are of high standing. Classic decoration. We've had room service and Stratos made sure we spent a lovely in room dinner. Many stars come to this hotel, i must admit though we've seen none.
My wife and I travelled to NYC to celebrate our 30th wedding anniversary and we booked into The Ritz Carlton. From the moment the doorman opened our car door and welcomed us to our departure nothing was too much for this hotel and its amazing staff. Everyone was intent on making our stay the best it could possibly be. A nice touch, on checking in I let slip it was our anniversary when we were handed our complimentary cocktail cards (v nice touch) to welcome us. The extremely personable reception lady (from Czech Republic) must have made a mental note, because on the evening of our anniversary we were sent champagne and chocolates.The Ritz Carlton is a super luxurious hotel but at a human scale and we could find no fault at all during our stay. It was amazing to go to sleep and wake overlooking Central Park.Thanks everyone! We will be back!
Celebrating our 20th wedding anniversary, we were treated like royalty at the Ritz Carlton Central Park. One of the best service experiences and friendliest hotel staff ever! When we walked in to the hotel, we were immediately greeted by our last name. We were given a great room overlooking the park with a complimentary bottle of wine, warm greeting and congratulations by the staff. The bellman on staff Jose, was incredibly nice and full of good information for the area around the hotel. Make sure you have a cocktail at the Star Lounge. We met one of the city's most famous bartenders, Norman. He made us his favorite cocktails to celebrate with - what an interesting person! If you go for an anniversary - make sure you mention it. The hotel loves to have guests celebrating special events. Thank you Ritz staff for making it special!
A beautiful hotel, fantastic location over looking Central Park.They made us feel very special, even upgraded us as it was my birthday, and sent up champagne! Little touches like always addressing you by name, add up. It's the Ritz-Carlton, you know how good it's going to be!
A luxury hotel can often curtail you from experiencing the local culture I've certainly experienced this at many hotels. This Ritz Carlton however, provides luxury and immerses you with the local culture. Like what many neighbors of the Ritz Carlton experience, I felt like I was returning to a luxury residence building. You enter effortlessly past bellman that remember you, and into what feels more like a private foyer rather than a lobby. From there you can be up to your room in no-time given elevators that you rarely have to wait on and our rooms proximity to the elevator - which is what I loved given my 35pound dog traveled with me.The Parkview Guestroom we had on the 6th floor was beautifully decorated and had unforgettable views into the park. Since it was winter, we were able to look right into the park - specifically viewing a sanctuary and large pond. The room was also very well laid out, and even with a rollaway bed it felt spacious.A spa treatment at the onsite LaPrairie Spa was very private and relaxing. Auden Bistro the Star Lounge feature classic menus with discrete service. Espressos ordered through Room Service arrived quickly and hot. And the complimentary coffee and tea in the bar was appreciated.The Ritz Carlton certainly extends their service and amenities to pets as well. My dog was treated like a prince! He was given several welcome amenities and genuinely recognized by the staff each time he passed through the lobby.The purpose of this stay was to celebrate my mom's birthday with my parents. They recognized the celebration and provided a unique amenity for my mom - a large silver frame with the Ritz Carlton logo! I even really enjoyed the location, with a great espresso bar around the corner, a very casual Italian restaurant recommended by the concierge, and of course the park.Some staff outshines others, there is a faint sound of street noise from the 6th floor, and there's the smell of horses when in front of the property - but none of this takes away from the hotel's well deserving status of being a Forbes 5 Star AAA 5 Diamond property. I will return.
In the middle of Manhattan, right across from Central Park, can't beat the location.The staff and amenities are first rate. Have a drink in the Star Lounge on the lobby floor even if you are not staying at the hotel, it is like an oasis.
We have stayed here for two years in a row for the NY marathon. The NY marathon happens to be our wedding anniversary as well. Both years, the Ritz staff have gone above and beyond to celebrate our anniversary and to prep us for the marathon. This year we had our 6 month old daughter and the Ritz went above and beyond for her. There were just too many positive things to list and all these great things involved various staff (bellman, housekeeping, room service, concierge, restaurant staff, spa, gym, etc.). Everyone seems truly happy to work for the Ritz and they constantly were anticipating our needs. We can't wait to come back! The only other hotel that's had this same level of service is The Brando.
Went to New York for the first time for St Paddy's Day Parade and stayed at this hotel (March 2011). Gorgeous hotel...room pretty tight but luxurious. Great bar downstairs and ideal to people watch! This hotel's in an ideal location and our room overlooked Central Park which was fantastic.
Have stayed here several times and it is my Fav NYC Hotel.Right across from Central Parkwith simply wonderful views.The staff is great...the rooms are intimate and quiet.The bar is cozy and you will see the famous knocking back a few brews when visiting the city.The concierge is truly a genius at getting tickets and reservations at impossible to get into events and restaurants.
The staff and hotel first class. We made the mistake of eating in the hotel restaurant. Should have known better as the restaurant was empty on a Saturday night. My fish was half cook and half raw. It was returned and was not charge ,but it destroy the family meal.
We had a very comfortable room on the 2nd floor--Very comfortable beds, lots of space, very clean, with wifi, great shower, pristine pool. The little thing that impressed me was the soap dish in the bathroom!! So simple but absent in so many other hotels. Breakfast worker was cheerful and helpful, food very good. Desk staff (Bill) was especially friendly... More
we were greeted at the desk nicely but our card didn't work at the outside door and had to go back and get re- keyed.. having a room downstairs we heard a lot of foot traffic and door opening and closing in our room. The whirlpool was relaxing but had many nozzles missing and open areas that should have had... More
The hotel was great. Pillows were tiny small square ones, which was odd. The rooms were clean, however I am a strong believer that there should be NO hair on the floors and tubs. Other than that it was great. Oh and the Pool and hot tub weren't in order when we stayed. So make sure their renovations are all... More
For years we've been talking about a visit to Cooperstown and we were extremely pleased with our choice of the Rose Thistle. Patti was very welcoming as we arrived and spot on with the directions she gave us around town and further as well as in her recommendations. The B B is located right on the trolley route... More
We stayed in Kimberley's room, which is right off the dining room. It was perfect for us. Plenty of privacy and no stairs. Bathroom in room in small but perfectly adequate. It was a delight to be the recipient of such great hospitality, a lovely and clean home and the food was delicious. During our stay, there were great guests... More
All BW Staff, front desk (Lisa) and manager(lyn) are very professionnal and take good care of my group (50 people). Very convenient because this hotel is in Chinatown NY, around cheap chinese restaurant and food market. Our group are very happy to stay in this hotel with comfortable bed and various delicious breakfast. I will stay defintely in this hotel for my next trip with another group. no regret.
The location is close to subways and many restaurants. The rooms are well laid out and clean. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The breakfast provides a good selection including fresh fruit, bacon, eggs, yoghurt etc. I have only positive things to say about this hotel and we would definitely stay here again.
It is an absolut shame that this place (you can't even say hotel) can be so run down an abandoned. They have not fix or update anything for years and have the guts to charge 316.00 for one night. We stayed there because we had plans for the day and came by boat and did not have a car to... More
We stayed here with a large group for our wedding at City Winery and it was nothing but pleasant from the start. Working with the team to set up the room block was made so easy by the incredible staff. Upon our stay, everyone at the hotel went above and beyond to make sure we had everything we needed and were welcoming and friendly. The hotel has recently renovated the rooms and the lobby/check in area is much more inviting than it was before. Being in NYC, hotel rooms are usually pretty small but I thought these rooms were a good size. I moved into the suite for two nights and that had great views and was big enough for my bridal party and I to get ready in. We hosted brunch on Sunday in the private room at San Marino restaurant next door and it was the perfect send off for our guests. We heard that dinner at San Marino was excellent too, which is also where the room service at Four Points comes from. We couldn't have asked for a better place to stay!
Everything about this hotel is small from the room, to the bathroom, elevators and the bar. It was nice, the service was good, but it's small. The fitness center is under construction inaccessible.Hello 104lawandar and thank you for the response. I do want to apologize that the size of the hotel did not meet your standards, we do appreciate your kind words in regards to the staff and will pass them on. We do have an agreement with the New York Sports Club just a few blocks away while our fitness center is being renovated. I do apologize if this information was not passed on to you at check-in. Thank you again for the review and we hope you enjoy the rest of your summer1
We love to stay at the old 1950's style motels. Put a chair outside your door and meet the interesting people who are also staying there. Dollingers Motel fit our criteria while on a 400 mile bike ride along the Erie Canalway Trail. as clean and very accommodating..Inexpensive and quiet. Just drop the key in the office slot as you... More
I've reviewed this hotel before as I travel extensively in my off-season and this is my ONLY airport hotel of choice! I could stay for free with loyalty points at other airport hotels, but I'm not even tempted. With this in mind, I usually take my daughter and grandsons on Staycations in Erie, (the Sheraton there is also a great... More
We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express for 7 nights in October, 2012, it was easy to find from Grand Central Station where we got dropped off from the airport and in a prime location for Time Square and other New York attractions.During our stay it was my birthday and the breakfast staff all sang Happy Birthday to me when I came down for breakfast all the staff were very helpful and friendly especially Theresa and the complimentary breakfasts were first class especially the pancakes!The rooms although slightly small were more than adequate and very clean, we had change of towels everyday and the free Wi-Fi facilities kept my son very happy.On the first evening we found the Irish Bar down the road and had a great evening listening to a band and enjoying the refreshments, the little sandwich bar also a few doors down did one of the best toasted sandwiches that we have ever eaten.You are able to use the gym and laundry (should you want to) next door in the Candelwood Suites and the staff there were also very helpful and friendly.I would highly recommend this hotel when staying in New YorkDear Carol C,Thank you so much for staying with us and Happy Belated Birthday! We enjoyed reading your feedback and really appreciate all of your kind comments. We hope other travelers will benefit from your review. If this was your first time staying with us, we certainly hope you were encouraged to stay with us again. We are humbled by your recommendation and cant thank you enough for choosing our location. We hope to see you again soon!Sincerely,Team Holiday Inn Express Times Square
If you are hunting for a hotel with wifi, free breakfast, great staff, clean rooms, and close to attractions this is it. My family visited on vacation and stayed here. Well worth it. Note: there is no pool or fitness centerHi Jeff! Thanks for the kind words! We really appreciate you choosing our hotel for your recent accommodation needs and hope that everything exceeded your expectations. We would love to have you and your family stay with us again, and hope that we will be your hotel of choice for any future trips to NYC. Thanks again and safe travels!
I have recently returned from a 5 day stay in Holiday Inn Express New York Times Square. The hotel is very basic and unless all you want the room for is to sleep then do not stay here.We arrived at the hotel and greeted by the reception team who were very pleasant and helpful. We were given rooms 2001, 2004 and 2006 which were on the 20th floor. The rooms were very small but were clean. Our air conditioning was not working but was fixed once reported to reception. Our beds were not changed once on our visit, also where I made the bed in the morning just to make the room tidy, the housekeeping never actually fixed the bed. They advise you use the same towels rather than them having to keep changing them but when requested clean towels they would happily bring you some.The hotel has around 132 rooms and only 2 lifts that can hold up to 6-8 people so waiting for the lift especially breakfast time could be frustrating. The breakfast room is tiny considering how many people are in the hotel. Breakfast is mainly muffins, bagels and pastries, this was ok but after 5 days it became very repetitive and quite sickly.When booking this hotel as it said Times Square I thought I would actually be in time square but its is a good 10 15 minutes walk away.Hotel is average and I do not think I would stay here againThank you very much for sharing your honest and candid feedback with us. We are disappointed in ourselves for letting you leave our hotel with an OK impression of your stay. Here at the Holiday Inn Express Times Square, we pride ourselves in providing the best customer service and value despite the challenges we face being located in Midtown Manhattan. Thank you for your comments and suggestions as we value our guests opinions and utilize their feedback to improve our services and better train our staff. We hope you will consider staying with us again in the future. Safe travels!
The location took me by surprise, stench the streets ,Enter the Staff was friendly but several people waiting to be booked in, Priority Membership did not mean anything, the condition need upgrade....Dear McMurry67,Thank you for taking the time to write a review about your stay with us. We are hospitality professionals who pride ourselves on delivering world class experience, however, it appears we fell short of our goal on your visit. We would like to apologize for falling short of your expectations regarding our hotel condition. We also regret the issues you at check-in and with our location. Reviews like yours are very valuable as they enable us to target areas we need to improve on. Rest assured your feedback will be forwarded to the appropriate departments for evaluation.We value you as our guest and hope to accommodate you again for a chance to provide you with a much better experience.Sincerely,Joel ACase ManagerIHGService
Front desk staff very friendly, free breakfast was very good (I have stayed at a lot oh HIE never had western omelette!). Room was small but it's clean its NY. Only negative, is no ref or microwave on the room no free parking. Would definitely consider for my next NY trip.Hello GMM4499,We thank you so much for taking the time and writing us such a positive review. We are glad to hear that the staff and breakfast was up to your standards. Unfortunately we do not have microwaves for guest to use on the property however we do offer refrigerators upon request at check in. Next time you could could make that a request of yours so that we could have one brought to your room before you arrive.We thank you for your recommendation and are glad that we will see you again in the near future. Thank you, Henry LattaruloFront Office SupervisorHoliday Inn Express Times Square.
This hotel is perfectly situated for harbor excursions from piers along 12th avenue. Easy walking distance to Piers 73 and 78. The hotel itself is geared towards efficiency. The rooms are small, but clean, modern and comfortable. You are provided with a nice desk console and wardrobe, plenty of charging outlets and an ergonomic chair. I am not sure if any rooms have a direct water view, but my view along 38th () was interesting, and a sliver of the river could be seen. There is also an outdoor terrace of sorts, in the front of the hotel, which I didn't use,but looked like a pleasant place to sit and people watch.'My only complaint is breakfast, which ends at 9:30. I went down at 9 and it was a mob scene. And there were no seats. I ended up at a computer table. I suggest breakfast go until ten, or that they add more seating. At any rate, go earlier for breakfast. Breakfast is the usual Holiday Inn affair. Not gourmet, but adequate.
The Holiday Inn Express New York City Times Square serves its purpose. It is a very comfortable, no frills, clean hotel in the heart of Manhattan. Their free breakfast has many selections. My only complaint is that the two elevators do not service the 30+ floors very efficiently.Dear DavidBa928,We appreciate you choosing our hotel for your accommodation needs and for taking the time to share you feedback with the Trip Advisor community. Its great to see our location was convenient for your activities and that you enjoyed our amenities. We apologize for any delays you may have experienced with our elevators, but we appreciate your patience and understanding. We hope to have you stay with us again in the future and wish you safe travels!Sincerely,Team Holiday Inn Express Times Square
We visited new york for 5 nights in December, Holiday Inn was the perfect place to stay. Convenient for Times Square, shopping etc It was my birthday during our visit and when we got to our room there was a birthday card, chocolates and a cup with sweets (very nice touch). The room was spacious and comfortable, plenty of wardrobe, cupboard space, decent size bathroom with bath and shower, constant hot water. The room was cleaned every day and they replenished our stock of hair shampoo, conditioner, body cream and soap, left fresh towels and if we wanted they would have changed our bedding every day. Coffee machine in room. Breakfast every morning, omlette, sausage, bacon, hard boiled eggs, pastries, fresh pancakes, fruit, cereals, yoghurts, toast, juices, tea and coffee.Staff were very helpful, breakfast room opened at 6.30am (weekdays) and because we had an early start one day (going on a trip) they let us in to eat our breakfast before 6.30am. There was also hot chocolate available in the foyer, after a long day out in the cold, with aching feet, this was very enjoyable. The staff are very helpful and friendly. On our first morning, after a shower, we realised the hairdryer didn't work, i rang reception and within 15 mins there was a man fitting a new one. We were on the 27th floor with a a city view which included Empire State Building. Very quiet hotel, never heard our neighbours. There is an irish pub a few doors away which is worth a visit on your way back to the hotel.I read the reviews prior to staying at this hotel, when we were there it wasn't noisy, there didn't seem to be groups of young singles, if there was they weren't noisy. It seems a very family friendly hotel. We will be returning to NY and would definately stay at this hotel again.Dear Pat B,Wow! Thank you for this fantastic review. I am happy to know that you enjoyed the Breakfast, atmosphere, view from your room and the warm and engaging service from our colleagues. We look forward to welcoming you back on your next visit to the Holiday Inn Express Time Square.Best Regards,Team Holiday Inn Express Times Square
We chose this hotel on the basis of the TA reviews and were not disappointed. It was pretty much exactly as described by other reviewers, including the weird plastic plates and cutlery for breakfast are they trying to copy airlines Overall a great value place to stay near Times Square and the entertainment district plus an easy walk to a huge range of great eating places. We will be back on our next trip - when it's warmer!Dear Beyondmetoo,Thank you so much for staying with us during your visit to NYC. Our hotel is eco-friendly therefore we use plastic plates/cutlery. I am glad to know that you were not disappointed with your choice and that our hotel met your traveling needs. We are looking forward to welcoming you back to our property!Kind regards,Frank CorteseGeneral Manager
We chose this hotel because of our previous experiences with Holiday Inn Express, all of which have been positive. The price seemed reasonable, and the location near Times Square and right next to the Port Authority Bus Terminal were great for us, since we were first-time visitors to NYC. The staff was really nice and very helpful, answering all our questions and demonstrating a desire to make our visit special. I would stay here again, and I would certainly recommend it to others.Hi there! Thank you for choosing our hotel and for being a loyal Holiday Inn guest! We sincerely hope that everything about the stay exceeded your expectations. Were happy to see that our location was convenient for you activities and that we were able to make your trip a special one. Thank you so much for recommending us to others travelers and we hope to have you stay with us again soon!
I have been staying here during my vacation in NYC, room was clean and comfortable, breakfast ok and position very strategic. Service could be so much better, they held more money than what they should on my credit card because few dollars was missing at the check in. This issue wasnt explain clearly by staff but at the end they did not charged me more than what they should.Not more than ok.Thank you for your positive comments and I am pleased that you had a good stay overall.However, I apologize for the inconveniences that you experienced during your stay and don't hesitate to call me to share more information and I will try my best to rectify the situation
My friend found this hotel and we were looking for a good price and good location in NYC for 4 nights in October. This hotel is as expensive and so much smaller than where we stayed in Paris in Trocadero a year ago. This room is so small. We have two double beds,each up against the wall. There is 2 feet at the foot of the bed to the table, closet and desk. The bathroom barely fits a sink, toilet and shower/bath. I have never been in such a small room at a Holiday Inn Express. I can not imagine trying to fit 4 people into this room.Dear Julie H,Thank you for sharing your recent experience with us! We really appreciate you choosing our hotel for your accommodation needs. We apologize for failing to meet your expectations during your stay and are disappointed in ourselves for allowing you to leave unsatisfied. We realize, being in NYC, our property differs from those in less metropolitan areas. This must have come as a surprise to you and we apologize if this negatively impacted your stay. Although we respect your decision to lodge elsewhere, we would be honored to have you as our guest again in the future. Again, thank you for staying with us and we wish you the best in your travels! Sincerely,Team Holiday Inn Express Times Square
Stayed just for one night at the end of a recent business trip to USA.Paid USD 20 extra for a city view and wow it was well worth it to be 36 floors up - what a view.Slightly strange as there just a handful of rooms on each floor, but all was OK.Room not the biggest but had all I needed. Might be a squash for two of you, especially if you were staying for a longer time.Concierge VERY helpful - French guy I think - sorry name forgotten :(Perfect central location - just a stone's throw from Times Square - but quiet too.Breakfast typical Express style - not outstanding but tasty enough and plenty of choice.Pretty sure that I will be back!Good Day,Thank you for taking the time to review our hotel and share some of your thoughts about your stay with us. If you are ever back in the area we look forward to serving you again in the future! Frank Cortese,General Manager
My adult family of four stayed 6 nights at this hotel and had a wonderful experience. Friendly helpful staff, wonderful breakfast buffet, and super service by all. The hotel was a short walk to Times Square with many places to shop, eat, and play in the area. We felt safe walking late at night back to this hotel. The concierge was always willing to help and share what we needed to know to get around the city. The hotel staff was friendly and fun to talk with sharing their experiences to help us enjoy our vacation. The rooms are cozy, very clean with comfortable beds.I recommend this hotel for its location and clean friendly accomodations!!Dear Deb R,Thanks so much for the kind review of our hotel! We appreciate you choosing our location for your recent visit to NY and hope you and your family had a memorable experience. Its great to see you enjoyed our location and amenities and we hope to be your hotel of choice for future trips to NYC. Thanks again for sharing and we wish you safe travels!Sincerely,Team Holiday Inn Express Times Square
Room was pretty standard for New York and the price was very good. Loved the free internet access and breakfast that was included. Bathroom was good sized and the shower was very comfortable in size. I found the bed to be very comfortable and I slept great. I am pretty low maintenance so I did not have much contact with the front desk except for chick-in and check-out. Both experiences were quick and easy.My room was low but on the inside so it was very quiet. I slept great every night I spent there.The only downside to my visit was that the fitness facility is in an adjacent property. The temps were frigid so I was not keen on going outside to access the fitness center. as a result, I skipped my workouts.Dear SBolin,Thank you for posting your review on tripadvisor. I was very pleased to hear your comments on how you enjoyed our hotel, staff and loved the complimentary breakfast. We look forward to welcoming you again to the Holiday Inn Express Time Square.Best Regards,Team Holiday Inn Express Time Square
We recently stayed for 7 nights and had 2 children and a baby within our group. Let's get the elevator problem out of the way, it is a problem, but nothing to stop you staying here. The building should have had 3 elevators in its design, but it hasn't, so it is what it is. I personally didn't have to wait any longer than 5 minutes for the elevator and this was including a 24 hour period where one elevator was out of service. If you can plan to leave for the day straight after breakfast it helps. Also, if people didn't hit up and down when they were in fact wanting to go down, this just slows the elevator for everyone. The staff were really friendly and always greeted us with a smile. There was cold lemonade put out most days. The breakfast was excellent and saved us a fortune, the one day we did eat out for breakfast it cost 50 for the 4 of us, so I essentially saved 300. Location wise, 5 minute walk to Times Square and 10 minutes to Empire State. We used the Subway entrance on 40th/8th which was a 3 minute walk. Good basic hotel with decent free breakfast and friendly staff.Mr. Cochrane,Wed like to thank you and your family for choosing to stay with us during your recent trip to NYC and for writing such a kind review of our hotel! We really appreciate your comments and are grateful for your honest and rational evaluation of our elevator situation. We are delighted that you enjoyed our breakfast and that you found the value to be beneficial for your overall trip. We loved having you as our guest and sincerely look forward to having you stay with us again soon! Sincerely,Team Holiday Inn Express Times Square
We stayed her from Sept 27th until Oct 1st. As the title states it was 'just right'. It was right in terms of the location, a short work to Times Square, and shops such as Macy's etc. But not so close that you were right in amongst it. The room was right in terms of size, after all you don't come to New York to spend your time in a room. It was clean and comfortable, all the staff we encountered were helpful. The breakfast was ok and got you ready for the day. We also had a great view of the Hudson and New Jersey from our room, which was particularly nice at sunset just before we went out for the evening.Only minor gripe was the wait time for the lifts.All in all, we had a great stay, and we would definitely stay here again if/when we return to New YorkDear Cavalier761We would like to thank you for posting your recent review of our hotel. The staff is pleased to know that we were just right for your travel needs. We are glad that you enjoyed the view from your room. Viewing the sunset from your room sounds like a great way to end your day. When you return to our city, we will be waiting.Best regards,Frank CorteseGeneral Manager
My Friends and I all Decided to stay over the City for the night. It was a last minute thing but all the hotels were extremely expensive we walked in Holiday inn Express and spoke to the front desk I believe her name was Juicy Villanueva not only was she nice and accommodating she gave us at such a wonderful price which made us decide on staying two nights instead of one. overall this hotel was affordable, comfortable and the staff is just amazing. also the location is in the middle of the city which makes travel so much easier.
My Wife and 2 daughters stayed for 5 nights in early April 2012 and had booked a Family room with 2 double beds. The room turned out to be much smaller than expected (after staying in many family rooms in UK) .The beds were 3/4 size at best and with one small wardrobe and 4 hangers (1 each) we decided to book another room. To be fair the staff (whilst they could do little about the extortionate rate we had to pay for the additional room) were very helpful and understanding and this continued during the stay. There are 6 rooms on each floor of the hotel and with 36 floors and just 2 lifts there can sometimes be a wait. Breakfast was included and was basic and the breakfast room a bit to small for the number of guests the food was always hot and fresh (Omelets , Sausage patties , bagels Etc) and the staff were helpful. Even though the address is Times square you are probably a good 10 - 15 minuet walk to the centre (Red Steps) which is not really an issue as you are located about the same walk from the Hells Kitchen area which is famed for it diverse restaurants. We took out the 3 day New York pass which we found to be good vale (approx 130 pp) and gets you into all the main attractions and also includes the Water Taxi and Manhattan Cruise (Well recommended). Whilst there we saw Sister Act after buying the tickets at the TKTS booth (located under the red steps in times square). The booth opens at 10am most days for matinee shows and 3pm for evening performances. Best advice is get there early as queues can be large but in fairness do move quickly one box office opens. We paid 66 each which was much cheaper than cost of pre booking in UK. All in all I can not say it was an unpleasant stay at the hotel as New York is more about the city than the room , however I would look for something else if you are after a larger family type room.Hi Andybev123! We really appreciate your detailed feedback regarding your recent stay with us. We are glad to see you enjoyed your time here in NYC, but are disappointed that we failed to give you a Perfect stay. Although we are limited by our room sizes and breakfast congestion, we strive to overcome these deficiencies with excellent guest service and memorable experiences. We understand and respect your needs when traveling but hope you will consider staying with us again so we can prove to you that our service far outweighs our flaws. Safe travels!
Staff were very friendly and helpful. Room was clean and bed very comfortable. Free breakfast was a big plus. Only problem was the area near the elevators was very narrow and difficult to get by people.Dear Harkov8,Thank you for choosing the Holiday Inn Express Times Square as your hotel needs during your visit to NYC. I am delighted to hear that our staff were friendly and helpful. I am also glad to hear that our breakfast came in handy. We hope to have you stay with us in the future.Kind regards,Frank CorteseGeneral Manager
The location is fantastic. Easy walk from shows, subway and good restaurants. I prefer value over luxury and this hotel delivered. I don't like to have staff in my room during my stay so I can not comment on housekeeping other than to say the housekeeper was very friendly and took care of our towel and trash needs with a smile everyday. The elevators can be a drag since there are only two small ones but we just avoided the rush periods and were fine. I agree with other reviews in that we felt safe at all hours walking in the area. We would stay again!Dear Valued Guest,Thank you so much for sharing your review with us! We really appreciate you choosing our hotel for your accommodation needs and hope you had a great time during your visit. We apologize for any delays you may have experienced with our elevators but appreciate your patience and understanding. It would be an honor to have you stay with us again and we look forward to your return. Thanks again for your kind feedback and we wish you safe travels!Sincerely,Team Holiday Inn Express Times Square
Visited NYC on June 19th with my 12 year old son (his first visit to NYC). Loved the location and proximity to Times Square but was extremely impressed by the service from Julie at the Front Desk. She went out of her way to ensure that we were not only comfortable in our surroundings but to make sure we had subway directions to every place we wanted to visit over a two day period. You are very blessed to have an employee like Julie!Dear Bob L,We ARE blessed to have Julie- she is an excellent employee and we're glad you noticed! We're so glad you loved our location and our proximity to Times Square! We look forward to your next trip to NYC!
The efforts of some of the staff were good - but they lack enough power to persuade me to return and thus why it received a poor instead of a terribleThe Staff:Hunter the manager - was great (sadly we had to get to know him through complaints) - a true professional, and provided exactly what I expected from a hotel manager.The maintenance guys(he had brades) - an honest, down to earth person - good service.The breakfast - is good and better than what I expected and was happy about thatThe breakfast staff was friendly and no complaints.The front desk staff the very happy guy at the front desk was the saviour of the reception staff the rest were less than impressive.The cleaning staff is as rude as you can get - especially the ones that dont speak English - they have very aggressive tones, the ones that can speak English are very argumentative.The Location: The location of the hotel was good - since this was my first trip to NYC its hard to be definite on this - the one thing that is awesome, is that its around the corner from a dollar pizza shop ( the exit of the hotel, turn right and then right again at the lights and its on the next corner - go past the dry cleaning shop)The Rooms:Room 1:Blood drops on the floor that had been dripped from the bed to the bathroom.Room 1 and Room 2 - had 2 double beds - ledge walking is the preferred method of movement because the rooms are that small.Room 2 bath sink hole was so clogged with hair and no-one had cleaned it and the poor maintenance guy had to clean it with pliers and plungers.I can honestly say, the elevator is half the size of the bedroom.
This was really a nice find in NYC. The price was great, excellent value for money. The included breakfast was quite a spread. Room was small but clean. Staff at front desk very friendly and helpful. They were willing to keep our bags before check in and after we checked out, so a big help when you want to do the touristy thing. Could not get a better location for the price, one block away from Port Authority.Dear Janette V,Thank you for your great review of the Holiday Inn Express Time Square. Its so nice you have highlighted our great location, accommodation and service.Hope to welcome you back soon.Best Regards,Team Holiday Inn Express Time Square
We only stayed at this hotel for 1 night, but it was definitely worth it. First of all, all hotels in NYC are ridiculously expensive, so be prepared to shell out at least 200-250 for this hotel, and it will be one of the cheapest finds. It is perfectly situated about 3 blocks from times squre, so you are close to the action, but can get a good night's sleep. The front desk was very nice and helpful. They gave us a map, and showed us where we were located, and explained how the subway system worked. We arrived earlier than the checkin time, and our room was ready which was GREAT. For check out, our train was departing at 11:00 p.m., and they were nice enough to store our luggage while we toured the city. We had to print out our Broadway tickets from Ticketmaster, and it only took 3 minutes in the business center, where the internet and print outs were free.I would definitely stay again in this hotel.Dear Mariana L,Thank you so much for the great review and we hope you had a terrific time here in NYC! Its great to see you enjoyed our location and amenities. We really hope this experience encouraged you to stay with us again in the future as we look forward to your return. Thanks again for the kind feedback and we wish you the best in your travels!Sincerely,Team Holiday Inn Express Times Square
This is the 3ed Holiday Inn Express we have stayed at in NYC and it was probably my favorite. Getting to the hotel was easy since it is close to the Lincoln Tunnel. I did not use their Valet parking since I found another place up the street that was about 10 less than what the hotel wanted to charge us. Check in was friendly and quick and they allowed us to sign in early. Yes, the room was small but we are used to it. Not much of a view but we preferred the early check in instead. The location was the best. We were able to just walk to Times Square from there, we also walked to Bryant Park. The room was clean, and hotel was quiet. Breakfast was tight (it always is in these hotels) but it worked. We will stay here again when we are in NYC. The location alone makes it the hands down choice.
We stayed 2 nights at the Holiday Inn Express Times Square. It was fabulous. The room was clean and beds were comfortable. We really appreciated the fantastic service that we received from Juicy. She helped us with booking and made sure all our needs were met. Breakfast was great too. We'd definitely stay here again.Dear Ndorward,Thank you so much for your recent feedback. I am glad to know that our rooms cleanliness and beds met your expectations. It is always a great pleasure to hear that one of our staff members made a positive impact on a guest stay. We hope to welcome you back to our property the next time you are visiting NYC!Best regards,Frank CorteseGeneral Manager
The hotel was clean, nicely situated to Times Square and within walking distance to the nearest subway station. The continental breakfast was good and the staff were pleasant. My only complaint would be the elevators. During peak times plan to wait 5 to 10 minutes before one of the two available elevators is ready. I would suggest requesting a lower floor as the stairwell between the lobby up the 5 floor was not bad. I have a feeling if you stay on the 36th floor you would not feel the same way.
Hotel is very nice. rooms are OK. clean.Reception is very helpful and gives you great service (especially Juicy very kind). Breakfast is also good. the only problem is sometimes waiting few minutes for the elevator.Dear MoikMoik,Thank you so much for staying with the Holiday Inn Express Times Square. We are glad to know that our rooms met your expectations and that our staff were attentive. I do apologize for the delay of the elevato0rs, at times we have groups stay with us and it can get a bit congested. We hope to have you stay with us in the future. Warm regards,Frank Cortese General Manager
I soo enjoyed staying at this hotel during my stay in NY, the location is super good close to everything (mainly Times Square). Complimentary breakfast was also great, the hotel staff were super friendly and helpful. I would always come back to this hotel when i'm in NY and would recommend it to everyone.Hi Noor B! Thanks so much for staying with us and for writing such a generous review of our hotel! We are glad to see you really enjoyed your stay and time here in NYC. We hope you get a chance to visit New York again soon so we can offer you another great stay. Thanks for recommending us and we hope to see you again soon!
It is located near the Port Authority Bus Terminal, which makes it convenient if you are coming from the airport on the Airport Express Bus. It has the usual Holiday Inn Express free breakfast. The breakfast room isn't large, but it is well staffed by friendly people. The rooms are smaller than the usual HIE rooms, but larger than you often find in Manhattan.Greetings William M,Thank you for staying with us and for providing the travelling community of TripAdvisor with your Feedback. We are very happy to know that you found our rooms to be larger than most Manhattan hotel rooms. We are also happy to know that you found our staff to be friendly and our location to be convenient. Once again, thank you and we hope to see you soon!
Title says it all. Rooms are small (but hey this is New York), and the place for breakfast so small that most folks just grab the food and took them to their rooms. Service acceptable. Overall a good base if you want an inexpensive base for New York for a couple of days.Hello ECworld, Thank you so much for your review of our hotel. I am pleased to hear you enjoyed your stay with us. It's something our staff takes great pride in, so we value your feedback. We hope you will visit us again. Sincerely,Henry L. Asst. Front Office MangerHoliday Inn Express Times Square.
We only stayed in this hotel for one night, but it was great ! it was close to so many things, a couple blocks from Times Square :) pretty expensive, but i think that may be cause we stayed on the 34th floor and made sure it had a good city view. It was so clean and modern and, new yorkish ! Only downside is there's only one elevator for 35 floors of people.Hi Chloe! Thanks for the great review! Were happy to see that our location was convenient for all of your activities and that you enjoyed your time with us. We apologize for any delays you may have experienced with our elevators, but we are happy to report that both (yes, we have 2 elevators) are working great now : ) Thanks again and we look forward to having you stay with us again soon!
Hard to believe this is the same hotel as early last year. Common areas and rooms are exceptionally clean and well maintained. Every staff person I dealt with was helpful and professional, with the positive attitude I have come to expect in other Holiday Inn properties. These are big improvements over my last visit in early 2011, so congratulations to HIE Times Square for raising your standards. Location is very convenient for doing business in midtown lots of good restaurants and entertainment in the area. Hotel served a nice breakfast - nothing fancy, but filling and nicely presented. This hotel is a good value for the location, and the people are great to work with - something you don't always find in NYC.Hi Evan! We have to say, there is nothing more satisfying than having our guests recognize our efforts to constantly improve our hotel. We appreciate you taking the time to review your recent stay with us and we hope others will benefit from your comments. We hope that next time you are in NYC you choose our location so we can continue to wow you with our ever-improving service and value. Thank you again for your kind feedback and we look forward to your return!
We only had 2 nights so really busy visit. The hotel was in a great location, slap bang in the middle, plus we had a city view as we were on the 31st floor. The hotel is quiet, probably because 6 rooms on a floor Loved the time there ...............Hello jane m,Thank you for providing us with your comments on TripAdvisor. We are pleased to know that you have enjoyed your stay with us especially for our great location and quiet rooms. Once again, thank you and we hope to see you soon in NYC!
I stayed at this hotel for a business trip due to the proximity of the hotel to my customer.The Good:Great location. Close to Times Square (walking distance), the price (my company was happy with the choice) and the service people (always ready to assist in dinner reservations).The not so Good:The lifts ( average wait for a lift to the lobby was ten minutes), the bathroom ( let's just say I had a pretty significant problem that went unresolved for two days and it wasn't the sink or shower) and the noise on 39th street ( 2:00am I heard bottles smashing on the sidewalk and trash being picked up soon thereafter). I expect noise while in Manhattan but other hotels I frequent are much more insulated from the outside.For business, an okay choice, however, when wife and I head down for a long weekend of shows on my dime, it's The Marquis in Times Square for sure.Valued guest,Thanks so much for your honest and candid feedback about your stay with us! We really appreciate you choosing our hotel for your recent accommodation needs and we thank you for taking the time to share your comments with the Trip Advisor community. We sincerely apologize about the unresolved bathroom issue you experienced and for any delays with our elevators during our peak ours but we appreciate your understanding and patience. We respect your choice for future lodging but would love the opportunity to win you back as we are continuously working to improve our services and accommodations. Thanks again for your review and we wish you the best!Warm regards,Team Holiday Inn Express Times Square
The location of Holiday Inn Express on 39th near 9th Ave served my wife and I very well. We're a mid-40's couple on our first visit to Manhattan and in a three-day period were able to enjoy a wide array of sites and activities with Holiday Inn Express as our hub. The hotel is quaint (teenie tiny) and the limited space made the atmosphere very family oriented...you got to know your floor mates and people at the daily breakfast.We didn't take advantage of a specific view, so our 7th floor room looked over new construction on (we believe) on 38th. Elevator service is slow in this location, and, as expected, wasn't convenient during high-traffic times, so we adjusted our schedule a little. The lower floor customers appeared to use the stairs with more frequency. Staff is average...they enjoyed one another's company, and we're business-like with patrons. We did not use Concierge assistance, but notice the desk was manned regularly.Greetings Wyantabouttown,Thank you for providing us with your feedback on TripAdvisor. We are pleased to know that you enjoyed your stay by using our hotel as your hub close to all major attractions. As well as, that you felt at home at our hotel by making new friends. Once again, thank you and we hope to see you and your wife soon!
On October 11, 2011, after checking in at the front desk I was sent to a room that was occupied, and as I entered the man in the bed quickly covered himself. Humiliation! I went back down to the front desk, and the lady looked up the room I had been sent to and said oh, it does look like someone is in that room! Really So she quickly sent me to another room, but forgot to change my key card, so I had to return to the desk again. I had a terrible couple of nights sleep because outside my window the garbage trucks were dumping dumpsters of garbage from the entire building across the street. All night long.The only consolation was that I was given a small reduction on one nights stay, but had to remind them of the humiliation I had upon check-in to get that. I will never stay here again.
When going to Times Square, I always arrive from Penn station (from Newark airport, best ans ceapest way by train).This hotel sits right in the middle between Penn and TS. Only there for a short stay, the rooms are nothing to write to your mother about, however. Quite small. Furnitures were not meant to fit in that kind of room. Reminds me of Japan lolStaff is vey professionnal, however did not try as hard as I would have expected to meet my small requests. Breakfast was good, but the set-up again is all packed in a little area. But this is NYC prime location. And the price is very affodble. and You are not here to stay in the room. So, I recommend this hotel if you are an IHC fan. I'll stay there again.Dear expatsing,Thank you for posting your review of our Holiday Inn Express Times Square. I am glad our location was convenient to your needs. We apologize if our rooms were not what you were expecting. Although all of our rooms are the same size, we should have better communicated that to you so you didnt feel we were not helpful in offering you the most comfortable accommodations. We thank you for recommending us in trip advisor and hope when you return you will be able to experience a more comfortable stay. Yours in Hospitality,Team Holiday Inn Express Time Square
This was a very busy hotel and a good value in NYC. This would get a very respectable 4 star rating if they had a concierge that had any clue. The concierge didn't even know how to get from the hotel to LGA. The hotel was comfortable and the breakfast was very good.Hi Rich30306!Thank you so much for sharing your feedback about your recent stay with us. We truly appreciate you choosing our hotel for your accommodation needs and are glad to see you enjoyed the value and amenities. We would like to apologize for failing to meet your expectations with our concierge services. Unfortunately, they are not directly employed by the hotel and are a contracted service. We will be sure to bring this matter to their attention as it reflects poorly on our hotel as you stated. You are also welcome to contact them at holidayinnexpresscontinentalguestservices.com. We hope that we get the opportunity to serve you again in the future so we can really wow you and earn an even better review. Until then, we wish you the best in your travels. Sincerely, Team Holiday Inn Express Times Square
We spent 3 nights (24.10.11 to 26.10.11) at this hotel as part of a whirlwind city break. It was difficult to find a hotel in New York that could accomodate 2 families of 4 in 2 rooms within our tight budget, but this place fitted the bill. The rooms were not huge but there was space sufficient for 4 individuals per room and the beds were very comfortable.The service from all members of staff was first class at all times and the General manager (Frank Cortese) was exceptionally helpful beforehand, giving us advice by email of the best way to see the city.The location is ideal for Times Square and other places of interest and we'd definitely use this hotel again. Breakfast was included although the eating area is small. There being only 2 lifts to cater for 30-odd floors is a bit of a drawback if you happen to be above the 6th floor, but we only experienced a problem on 1 occasion and it wasn't the end of the world.
I was there on Friday night. I work for IHG so I was there on an employee stay. The check in was a little slow due to the front desk agent dealing with a difficult guest. Our check in was quick because being a night auditor I know check in procedures and IHG reward standards. I was happy they gave my request for 2 beds as well as a decent view! The room was super clean. Only minor issue was that there was no garbage bags in the room. I used the laundry bag instead. Great job staff at HIE Times Square. :)Dear taylorma05,5-stars from someone who knows hospitality - wow thank you so much! I'm happy to hear that we were able to meet your request and that your room was very clean. I will share all of your comments with my team so we can continue to focus on cleanliness and service!
The hotel was just what we were looking for close to subway stations, shops, restaurants and a few blocks from Times Square. Set close to the fashion district, it may not be based in the busiest of streets, but after long day, sight-seeing or visiting friends. It was a place, my friend and I, were proud to call home for 5 days. When we arrived in New York, it was good to see Jamie smiling and helping us out in reception.The staff were very freindly and nothing was too much bother. Breakfast was a good kick start in the morning, and complimentary web access was avaialble near reception, to look up places for the day ahead.Before booking the hotel I had read reviews, that rooms at this hotel are small, that maybe so. However, although they are quite small, they give you everything you need for a comfortable stay. Good beds, a tv, desk area and a compact bathroom with shower and bath.We definately look forward to returning here in the future. Its clean, comfortable and friendly. What more do you need.
Nice 'old style' hotel in the quiet Greenwich village, few meters from the 5th Ave. Very very clean. The room is large for the standards of New York, the wifi and the continental breakfast are included. The staff helps you with any request. A nice kitchen is available (at each floor) with fridge and microwave. The toilet is outside the room but I never see anybody there or in the corridor , meaning that there is a sufficient number of them with respect to the number of guests.
Location: The location is great. It's just a few minutes to the 72nd street subway, The Dakota where Lennon was shot, Central Park and Strawberry Fields. The neighborhood is very residential and in a no-honk zone which makes it quiet. This is about the only good thing about the hotelHotel: The hotel can't even really be called a hotel. It's a youth hostel without an age restriction. In each room you get a bed, a small TV a mirror and a sink. That's it! You have to leave a deposit at the front desk for sheets and they are not the cleanest in the world. The bathrooms are shared. Each bathroom has a toilet and a shower. Imagine how long it takes for you to wait to do your business in the morning! The lifts are ancient and slow. The front desk could really care less about you being there.The only reason we booked this hotel was because we needed to get to New York on the cheap for my wife to audition for the show Project Runway. There was some other even going on at the time and hotel prices were 3X what they usually go for. For 100 a night, we weren't expecting much. I think that I would have felt ripped off at 20.Stay away...stay FAR FAR away!
After reading that short term renting is a thing of the past I find myself with conflicting feelings. I stayed there many years ago the summer after 9-11. The place was a dive but all I did was sleep and store my stuff. I did several loads of washing in the basement and talked with several residents about the building and living in NY. It was great. Being so close to Lincoln Center and Central Park and the Subway was great. But I guess it will never happen again. Real Mixed feelings.
I arrived very eary-so impolite of me.It was pouring rain and the desk people dried me off /took my bags and were just terribly kind.My room was clean and efficient. Nothing fancy but for the price it was good.Bring your own towels and soap and shampoo.This is not luxury standard but thats ok.I'd rather spend money on Arts events and delicious restaurants.I fell asleep immediately in a bed that was perfectly adequate and comfortable.Check out was speedy and efficient.Oh yes...parking is very available.There are garages nearby but I found an on streetspot right in front of the hotel.
It is an old building but the rooms are very clean. Staff is nice and helpful, someone is always at the desk. We were 3 people and we had two rooms separated by the bathroom, every room had a sink so it was very functional. Wifi works perfectly. It is close to the metro and a few blocks away from main restaurants and shops. It's possible to arrive in central park in 10 minutes. The only unpleasant aspect is that in the 4 nights I stayed there, it happened to see 2 cockroaches, I guess is common in New York old buildings. Overall it was a good experience, I may come back there!
The owners have a couple of fairly new cotteges on the shore of Lake Ontario that are great for families ( 3 bedroom house really). Youngstown is just a short drive to Niagara Falls and to wine touring areas. The family enjoyed the evening cookouts the cootage has a nice patio and table with a gas grill for cookouts. The... More
Designers decided to go with a dull brown decor and very low lighting making much of the hotel dreary and a bit depressing. Fortunately we had a corner room with two windows but it still felt dark. The hallways were so badly lit. Bathroom was...More
Still the grandest hotel in Soho with a wonderful staff from check in to check out and beyond - rooms are well appointed - bars/restaurants in hotel are fantastic - situated in the best part of the city with easy access to up and down town - cant wait to revisit this gemshelleybelly2018,Thank you for choosing our hotel and sharing your experience here on TripAdvisor. We are happy to have exceeded your expectations and appreciate your kind words regarding our property. We look forward to welcoming you in the future, please feel free to reach out to me directly should you need anything else at all. Warm regards,Megan212.965.3057mlynchsohogrand.com
The Bryant Park Hotel is perfectly located in the mid-town area. Walking distance to the theater district and good shopping. The hotel staff are wonderful - friendly, yet very professional. I was pleasantly surprise of the size of the room and bathroom. Would definitely stay...MoreThank you for giving us 5 stars and for all your wonderful praises. I am so happy to hear you had such a great stay and enjoyed the staff, location and guest room. The best compliment is to welcome guests back and we can't wait...More
My wife I have stayed at Bryant Park Hotel now several years for our anniversary. What a wonderful place and what a great experience. When we arrive, the staff is always great, and full of surprises. Once again, a room with a great view...MoreHappy Anniversary and thank you for spending it with us. I am so glad you left with such wonderful memories. I am very fortunate to work with a great group of folks that love what they do. I am also lucky to have guests like...More
Needed a room quick. They were very helpful. Great room, clean, up to par and breakfast was good. They front desk clerks on check in and out very pleasant and helpful. Would stay again with no regrets.
Stayed for one night at this property because of its proximity to my meeting the next day. The lobby was clean, bright and well lit. The rooms were also clean and large. I was a bit dismayed at the price but I stayed anyway. The room rate was higher than other nearby hotels.
Off the main road although next to the interstate. Always quiet, no road noise where we were. Nice pool and morning breakfast. Keurig coffee in the room. In room heat and exhaust fan in the bath. Would recommend.
Was very pleased with our first impression of our room. Very clean, modern, nice furniture, comfortable bed, linens were clean and fresh scent, Bathrooms spotless, extra towels, ample soap, shampoo, conditioner, lotion. Breakfast had a wide selection, and different choices each day. scrambled eggs, omelets, bacon, sausage, assorted cereals both hot and cold, fresh fruit, juices, toast, bagels, breads and... More
We stayed 2 nights at this motel. It was a pretty basic room without a refrigerator or microwave. It was clean and owners were friendly. It appeared that the bathroom had been recently updated. It has a pool and grill area which families used quite often. Rates were fairly reasonably for this time of year in the Old Forge area.
After driving 16 hrs. from Georgia, it was nice to stay at a motel that felt like home. The motel and grounds were very well maintained and our room was immaculate. The atmosphere is family-friendly with a nice heated pool and playground. Steve, the owner, even played an outside movie for the kids one night. How many motels do that... More
We pulled in as a pit stop in our way to Niagara the kids were getting restless. No reservation,Staff was super friendly, parking was a breeze. Room was neat clean, no issues with noise. Super convenient location we walked around and stretched out legs and checked out the stores etc. Great free wifi too!
Very central location, excellent facilities and service, very much enjoyed cooked-to-order breakfast, which was included for Diamond member, highly recommended for either personal or business stay also good for families with children.
This is not the worst place I've seen. If you can ignore the old furniture that doesn't match - as if each piece was salvaged from a dump, the worst aspect were the several spider webs on the walls. We were hoping to do a last minute short trip to Woodstock, N.Y., because the Woodstock Film Festival was going... More
Awesome wings (my favorite was garlic parmesan) and a great atmosphere! Not to mention they have an awesome music selection, a lottery machine and arcade games to cure your boredom! The owners are amazing!Thank you!
