I've stayed here twice while in the Mount Vernon area. This is an older hotel, that is well maintained. The rooms are clean, the bed is comfortable. There is also a small coffee and tea shop on the grounds, called the Java Hut. Reasonable priced...More
The staff makes this already clean and well maintained hotel a great place to stay while in Cedar Rapids for work. The breakfast is included. The king bed room is large. The desk was sturdy and plenty of outlets for charging.
We booked this hotel because we just needed a place to sleep after attending an evening Hawkeye football game. All the hotels in Iowa city were booked, so we had to expand our search to Cedar Rapids. We knew we wouldn't be arriving until after 11pm, so I called earlier in the day and requested a late arrival. When we... More
I stayed here with my family for two nights during graduation weekend. The hotel doesn't have elevators and we were put on the second floor. We asked for a first floor room as I have a hard time walking upstairs, but was told no. The hotel claims they are smoke free, but the hallways smelled like smoke really bad. The... More
Late in the day after 11 hours of driving, along this stretch of I-29 there's few options so we chose the Desoto Inn. Big mistake. First, the non-smoking room we were assigned wreaked of smoke. Okay, change rooms. Our next room assignment had mold in the bathroom and ants on the a-c. That's enough negatives for anyone but we were... More
I stayed in a horrible hotel ,and found Ramada inn instead...was very nice.Room was large for myself and two daughters,clean,had a microwave and fridge which worked great for us.also included a nice breakfast,which whomever was in charge ,offered kindly to bring us more food! They have a really awesome pool as well! Was a diamond in the rough for us!
My mom and I stayed at the Boulders Inn by a family member who suggested it. We had a nice stay here. The rooms are clean and the beds were very comfty, It was nice to wind down here after a day of exploring Okoboji.
New Hampton Inn - everything neat and comfortable. I was especially impressed with the quality and variety of breakfast items - complimentary, but almost like a good restaurant. Bed was very comfortable, AC controls kept room just right.
We only stayed one night, but we will definitely stay here again. We had a one bedroom suite and it was so spacious and comfortable. There was even an extra half bath in the living room area! The full bath was very large and beautiful. The only issue we had was that dirty sheets were left on the pull out... More
THE ROOM WAS FILTHY is putting it politely. The bedding, the carpet and the curtains so dirty. The fridge had mold in it. I recommend that the health dept. close it down. The toilet handle broke the safety door lock was broke. (that did get fixed). My sisters and I had a total of 4 rooms all filthy and... More
Modern, clean, well appointed room with lots of electrical outlets for devices. We had a king suite. Helpful, efficient staff. A good selection of hot continental breakfast items. The only negatives were a noisy bathroom fan, noisy A/C (we just turned it off) and a noisy refrigerator (we turned it off for the night) and the toilet paper needed... More
About half way to Rochester, MN is Mt Pleasant, IA. I found a Best Western hotel, which I am familiar with, and stayed there. It was a good place to stop, and the price was reasonable. Did not take the time to have breakfast. The room was a little musty, had to open the window for a while. This is... More
For a family of five it can be hard to pack into one room. So I assumed it would be a tight fit for all of us, but not so. We stayed in room 102 and we had room to spare! It was wonderful. Very clean and great beds for sleeping. Breakfast was standard waffle/scrambled egg/biscuit and gravy bar. Lots... More
Since we needed a place to stay that was half-way to our destination, I checked with Trip Advisor and subsequently booked a room through them at the Best Western. Good decision! Nice room, friendly staff, good breakfast. I would stay here again the next time we make the trip to visit relatives.
Everything about the hotel was very clean. Very nice showers with lots of water pressure. Breakfast was also very good. I left two dress shirts and some ties and they even agreed to send the clothes back to where I am from. Staff very courteous and kind and willing to go above and beyond. Would highly recommend
Very slippery parking lot. Additional lazy snow removal. No one at front desk (and no sign). Got to room, not cleaned from previous stay. Made me return to front desk, rather than bringing me a key. Breakfast food all out, several tables dirty (no attendant). Think twice before staying here.
Hotel was very comfortable and quiet. Breakfast was awesome. Best sausage gravy I have ever had at a hotel. We ate outside on the patio and enjoyed ourselves very much. Would recommend this hotel for a comfortable overnight while traveling.
Nice surprise to find this gem. Newer hotel or at least appears to be, clean, quiet, professional staff, and would recommend to my friends and family as a nice place to stay. I stay at hotels almost every night of the week and sometimes have concern about hotel conditions and safety, but absolutely nothing to worry about here! Would highly... More
Were at Spencer property to attend a funeral in Peterson. Staff was caring compassionate and our suite accommodations were perfect. Also enjoyed the pool.We enjoyed having your family stay with us, and we are sorry that it was under sad circumstances. However, we are looking forward to seeing you again and hope that you all have great holidays and a VERY HAPPY next year!!! :)
Stayed here when I was in town for a conference. Super friendly staff. Great breakfast buffet and all around clean facility. Location is awesome as well! Ill will be staying here again on my next trip to Knoxville.
We had a delightful 2 day stay here, while we visited Dubuque. The room was clean. The hot tub was great. And the staff was polite. And the location is good. You don't realize it at night, but Walmart is right across the street. And shops and dining are just down the road.
This property was probably very nice in the 60's. It doesn't look like its been updated or cared for much since. Toilet tank dripped so they put a trash can under it to catch the water. AC never got room below 76 degrees. Curtains were falling off the wall. Old style TV. Screen door had no spring so it blew... More
All other hotels booked-Friendly but slow at front desk-Had to run my card three times before figured the charge card machine was not properly hooked up - Room clean, beds clean, fridge, microwave- Ice machine out of order - no stopper in sink - worried about losing something down drain - Bars of Indian soap - no shampoo, no coffee... More
The room was not clean and smelled of smoke. We did not stay and they would not refund us as we were told that we paid online and could not be refunded.
Newly renovated room and bathroom. Very nicely decorated and clean. Breakfast room is clean but some breakfast items were out and not restocked. Also they did not allow you to take breakfast back to room or consume outside of the breakfast room. That was inconvenient when room was full. One night a Guest arrived at 2am and parked under my... More
Nothing really special here but the rooms were updated and clean and the people were helpful and friendly. The rooms were quiet. The location is good for the Lindale Mall area. We had a family dinner at nearby Biaggi's and it was tremendous. There is no view outside the east windows - all you see is the wall of the... More
I could not believe my eyes when I went to plug my phone charger in and I see a nasty balled up pair of women's dirty underwear, I was in shock to say the least. We travel very often and have had some interesting experiences, however I have never seen anything like this! After plugging in my phone and disposing... More
If this new property is any indications of the direction that IHG is going, we are going o continue o follow. What a pleasant stay. New, clean, quiet and comfortable. Easy access to downtown attractions and short hop to the airport.Thank you for choosing the ne Holiday Inn Express Suites Des Moines Downtown. My staff and I are very proud of our property and we love to share it with our guests. We look forward to welcoming you back. Safe Travels- Rossie W
This place has seen better days and would do well with some degree of make-over.. It is an old building but that is not an excuse for wrinkled carpet in the hallway. I found the front desk person to be barely communicative when I asked about events in the community. I also asked about food delivery and was given a... More
I've stayed here for business several times, and they are consistently great. The hotel is being renovated, the rooms are clean and comfortable and the staff is awesome. This is a great value, especially for Choice Rewards members. I would highly recommend this hotel.
We stayed here when we went to Sioux City for a funeral. The hotel offers a discount for bereavement which was a nice thing. The hotel is next to a working railroad track so there are trains that run throughout the day and night. It looks like the hotel is under renovations so hopefully this will make it nicer. The... More
Came here after a bad experience at the days inn across the street. Hotel was clean and comfortable, and was priced reasonably. The free breakfast was nothing special but the pool and spa are open 24 hours. The hotel was well maintained and quiet too. Friendly service at the front desk made this a nice hotel to stay in after... More
This hotel was EXCELLENT - from the entry with the fresh water/cookies to the restful stay / comfortable beds / to the wonderful breakfast - just a great stay and I highly recommend this hotel! The hotel management and staff were excellent!
Sorry to say, it was only one night. The toom was very large, clean, and vlose to many restraurants. I wish we had more time to explore Dubuque. They were very busy, so there was no place to sit at breakfast..no problem they opened a conference room for us.
I had a sigh of relief when I walked in. This hotel is grouped with the other budget hotels, so I wasn't sure what to expect. Check-in literally took 30 seconds. A free snack was offered to all guests checking in. The room is like any other extended stay hotel, apartment sized appliances, small couch, etc. The only things I... More
