This was my first visit to a Guest Ranch and thus first visit to The Hideout. Simply fantastic. They treat their animals and their guests very well, and to a person, have a customer-oriented approach to the experience. With the small number of guests, it is a personal experience, and we found the other guests to be interesting and delightful... More
From the moment we (I and 7 outstanding horsewomen) arrived on Sunday, Sept. 13th, we were impressed and continuously amazed with the outstanding service, friendly folks, beautiful landscapes.....the food was delicious.....buffalo sirloin, elk, breakfasts of our dreams.....the wranglers were top notch!!!!! Mel offered suggestions which enabled me to trot and lope at ease!!!!! Lizzy's word is worth it's weight in... More
If you are deciding which upscale priced ranch to experience for western adventures, stop right here, the Hideout is the place! The property is gorgeous-VERY well maintained. The cabins are spotless, lovely king sized beds with crisp sheets, they have lots of room and are beautifully decorated. The food was superb, a new chef this year I'm told, each meal... More
me and the wife and my daughter and my son in law had the best vacation ever. we came all the way from Arabia to explore this wonderful place and experience the wild west. 4 days of super times living the real wild west. it is just like the movies. we could not have asked for better than this. the... More
I recently returned from a beautiful May vacation at the Hideout. They matched me with a sturdy little tank of a BLM mustang named Blacky. He was the ride of my life. Steady, safe and light as a feather to gentle cues. He was their best ambassador. Riding a mustang made me appreciate these amazing once of kind animals. They... More
I try to frequent locally / family owned businesses. This is a GREAT find and highly reccommend it ! The rooms are fairly priced and talk about well taken care of. The room was immaculant. Neat and clean as a pin, in excellent repair and working order. The inside and outside was well maintained and looked as if the placed... More
It was very clean and much less expensive than other hotels on the way to Yellowstone. There is a Shopko/grocery/liquor store right across the street! Decor is what I would call shabby chic. A little worn but very homey. I will stay here again anytime I'm driving out west.
Friendly small older motel. Friendly staff, very good rates - no breakfast, ice or many amenities, but comfortable enough. AC was a bit iffy, but we managed to get it so we could sleep without being too stuffy. Beds were so-so. We recommend it though, so much better than the overpriced motels nearby.
I almost stayed at one of the large hotels at the edge of Douglas but this place has a retro appeal. When I checked in and the owner told me the price for a night I became concerned that the room would be a dump. My concern was wrong. The room was very nice! This place is a great value... More
I travel quite often for business, this is one of the best hotels I've ever stayed at. They were very helpful to me and my family. Went above and beyond when they didn't have too. I would highly recommend this hotel.
It was last minute, but rooms were available for our Sunday night stay. The office staff is (and has in the past) SO friendly, professional and accommodating throughout our stay. The rooms are very clean, comfortable and supplied with the essentials. The breakfast is all that anyone would need.
It was last minute, but rooms were available for our Sunday night stay. The office staff is (and has in the past) SO friendly, professional and accommodating throughout our stay. The rooms are very clean, comfortable and supplied with the essentials. The breakfast is all that anyone would need.
We decided to go off the beaten path - Interstate 80 - for US 30, the Lincoln Highway, and the tiny town of Medicine Bow, Wyoming. The Virginian is an early 1900s Hotel named after the famous Western novel of the same name, which some of us are old enough to remember also as a very popular television show from... More
Saratoga Resort and Spa is one of the most unexpected pleasant surprises. While it is an excellent resort hotel with on-site microbrewery and gourmet restaurant, it is also in the middle of all types of outdoors activities. Hunting, fishing, riding and ATV in the mountains or snowmobileing can all be done during a weekend trip. My wife and I visited... More
My husband and I thought it was a most wonderful place to stay, especially the hospitality of both the front desk clerk and the two housekeepers we met who were so nice and accommodating in what we needed. Our room was most kempt than any of the other hotels we've been to in Wyoming and admired the cleanliness of it... More
I'm currently staying in Buffalo,Wy. for five weeks and although this review may seem premature, it is nonetheless accurate. I'm staying in a cabin that is quaint and quiet with a full bathroom and kitchen. The grounds and cabin are maintained well and kept clean. The best part is that whatever you might need is close by on route 16W... More
My wife and I had a wonderful stay. The cabin was clean and updated. We were impressed with the interior rustic woodwork, granite top vanity and wood floors. They included a flat screen HD TV, mini fridge and tiled bathroom. The grounds were well kept...More
Nothing fancy. We stayed in Riverton as we though it would have been an interesting city to visit. We were wrong, but the hotel was ok. The bed was comfortable and room was quite. Poor TV and breakfast however.
I have stayed in a number of historic hotels and this one is top notch! The rooms were clean and very comfortable and the added touch of the rubber duck on the tub was a whimsical addition. The owner gave us a tour of the hotel and gave us the history of the area. Also plan to eat in their... More
I have stayed in a number of historic hotels and this one is top notch! The rooms were clean and very comfortable and the added touch of the rubber duck on the tub was a whimsical addition. The owner gave us a tour of the hotel and gave us the history of the area. Also plan to eat in their... More
You get the best of both world's with being able to hike in the Snowy Mountain Range, where you can go for miles without seeing a soul, and ending up in the Elk Mountain Hotel with a fabulous Sidecar and Steak. This is my idea of the perfect mountain experience. Gorgeous and comfortable furnishings in the rooms. Book now if... More
Quite a new business, clean. The kitchen was unusual, but nice to have the counter space the 'huge for a motel' frig - loved having the freezer space large enough to refreeze all my ices from my cooler!! What seemed strange was there was not one single kitchen utensil of any kind in the drawers or cupboard. You could buy... More
Hotel is easily accessible from I-80. It's clean, quiet and affordable. There's no frills like breakfast but you know that going in. Staff was nice and friendly. Everything you need is a 2 minute drive away.
Nice clean place to to stay with great rate. There is a full kitchen in each room which was nice. You could have a breakfast delivered to your room. Easy access to this hotel and near lots of places in town.
I spent a snowy stay at the new My Place in Rock Springs. The long-stay room was clean and well appointed. Friendly staff helped ease the pain of closed roads and canceled flights- including when they called the local airport manager to check on updates! Food and drink are available about a half-mile down the road. Alas, no onsite gym... More
The rooms were clean and comfortable. We new people that stayed in the motel next door and had nothing but problems with the rooms and staff. .The staff was most helpful and friendly. I would stay again if in the area. it was a business trip and we booked for 3 nights and decided to stay an extra night.
We arrived in our room and shortly after the power went out in one part of the room. The front desk was prompt and courteous to move us to another doom. Unfortunately our second room had a water leak from the bathroom out into the living area and once again the front desk promptly moved us to another room. Both... More
The location is good and it is a good option if you have pets. The bed was clean and comfortable. I was disappointed in the quality of the towels, they were cheap and scratchy. Also, the breakfast was extremely disappointing. Not very many options and the hot breakfast was eggs and fried bologna, not very appetizing. Overall it was good... More
Booked as luck of the draw 2 star on Hotwire for 55. Not even worth that. The front desk lady was nice enough. After waiting on an indecisive customer ahead of me, was tired from driving and ready to lay down. Well my key would work. Dragged my bags back down the narrow stairs to the office. Clerk came back... More
While I only stayed one night it was a very good night of sleep. The room was very nice. It was in a great location in the motel. The staff was very courtesy. Very nice choice in breakfast. I can see why it's on the top of this site's list for Cheyenne!
The hotel is very close to I-80 and easy to find. Our family traveled through Cheyenne to my neice's graduation in Idaho. My mom left her glaucoma meds that must be refrigerated. Does this sound like something that could happen in your family Well, we were several hours down the road when we thought of this and rather than turn... More
Just checked in to this Comfort Inn. Clean and we'll kept inside and out. Rooms are modern with furniture and furnishings we'll maintained. Thick towels! I was greeted warmly upon check-in which was quick and efficient. The high ratings are we'll deserved. There was even a thank you goody bag in my room.
I can't say enough positive things about this hotel! I was very impressed with the cleanliness and quality of service that was offered. We checked in a little late and the Front Desk associate that greeted us was wonderful. I think her name was Bonnie Jo. She made sure our requests for the second floor were granted and explained the... More
There were bugs in our room, the window was cracked, the bathroom was dirty and for breakfast it was either pancakes or cold cereal. The beds were terrible, and the floors were so thin we could here everything the people upstairs said and did.
The bathroom door was installed opening inward which makes the room too small for a wheelchair user. The door needs to open outward!! The lavatory needs to have lever style handles on the faucet.
