Rooms very comfortable, kitchen with plates and the works, nice separate wash/shower area in bathroom and living room with foldout couch!! Room was very clean - includes nice buffet style breakfast with hot items and many, many choices.
You get what you pay for, you need to remember this about this hotel. You will need a car to get around. The room was older but clean. Being a motel, it was noisy with people talking outside at all hours and there was a problem with the street lamp outside not being adequately blocked by the curtains. The wifi... More
My husband booked the room and did not read the reviews. The lady that checked us in was nice enough.....that is the ONLY positive thing I can say. My sheets were so stained....i wondered if they were clean. The bedspread had old gum and a...MoreDear OK2Roam, Thank you for your feedback. We are committed to delivering a clean, comfortable room and apologize for any failure during your recent stay. Please know the conditions you describe are an exception to our guest commitment and as such, we apologize for the...More
Very comfortable with great service and convenient location. Rooms were a bit smaller than other Homewood Suites at which we have stayed, but it was clean, comfortable, and quiet. We enjoyed our stay and will stay again!
Very comfortable with great service and convenient location. Rooms were a bit smaller than other Homewood Suites at which we have stayed, but it was clean, comfortable, and quiet. We enjoyed our stay and will stay again!
In the middle of a cross country move this hotel gave me exactly what I needed: accommodation for my pets, a downstairs room, and a clean quiet place to sleep. The proprietor and folks working there were polite and non-intrusive. While not new the hotel has been updated and there was enough parking to accommodate my truck and trailer. Not... More
In the middle of a cross country move this hotel gave me exactly what I needed: accommodation for my pets, a downstairs room, and a clean quiet place to sleep. The proprietor and folks working there were polite and non-intrusive. While not new the hotel has been updated and there was enough parking to accommodate my truck and trailer. Not... More
We stayed two nights at this property while attending Parent's Weekend at Ole Miss in Oxford, MS. (It's an easy 25 minute drive to the University and all properties there were full for the weekend.) This property is quiet, all one level with drive-up parking and, although older, it's pretty well-maintained. The bathroom could use a really good cleaning (mold... More
Checked in for seven days and would have extended but one cockroach one night then two cockroaches two nights later. Clerks explanation was well this is the south and we spray once a month. I was born in the south and know full well that with enough effort you can get rid of them. No apology just talk down to... More
The room was nice and the beds were comfortable. The only issues I have was the shower curtain had a little mold on the bottom and the toliet was not cleaned properly. The breakfast was ok and the staff was very freindly.
Staff was friendly. Rooms were clean. Typical Hampton Inn amenities. Good location. Close to shopping and several restaurants. We booked several rooms for a family reunion and they were very accommodating.
I gave this hotel a 2 ONLY because it was clean and the room was comfortable. Otherwise it would have been a 1. When I arrived I was greeted by Dane who appeared to have no interest in his job. While I was waiting to be checked in, he checked in some other people and he gave them a key... More
I had an early morning flight out of MEM but live two hours away by car, so looked for a hotel still in Mississippi and convenient to the airport where I could stay the night before my departure. I regularly stay at Hampton Inns, and this one seemed to fit the bill. As it turned out I only stayed a... More
Even though this hotel is not one of the newer hotels in the area, the hotel has been kept up very well. The rooms are spacious, and the breakfast that is offered each morning includes a great selection. My room with a king bed even came with a Jacuzzi which was great during my three day stay at the hotel.... More
I have stayed with Valueplace now Woodsprings in 3 different states and they are all practically the same accommodations and same level of service. Recently, they started allowing one night accommodations. Formerly, you had to stay at least 1 week. I understand they need to...More
After a trip cross State decided to stop and rest. Very pleased that there was room at the Inn. Room was quiet and well appointed. Enjoyed breakfast prior to hitting the road again. Obviously, a new property.
Kind, courteous staff. Clean , well maintained rooms. Close to retail and restaurants. Good location to college. Breakfast was nice, could have had some grits for this southern boy. Easy to find and easy to get to other locations.
