Clean, beautiful inside and out, nice size rooms, nice pool, breakfast was nice with plenty to choose from. beds very clean and comfortable. Quiet rooms and easy to get good night sleep. Very friendly staff.Dear Lisa, We are so pleased that you had a wonderful stay with us! Please let us know if we can ever do anything to make your stay even more comfortable. We look forward to seeing you again.
I was traveling to and from the Chicago area and we chose this motel because it was convenient to the highway and a good place to break our drive. The staff were very friendly and the rooms comfortable and clean. The full cooked breakfast was a big plus! We liked the motel enough to stop here again on our return... More
Typical Hampton Inn - but that is good! Consistent service, amenities, quality rooms. Hotel was clean, efficient front desk, good breakfast available. convenient exit from highway. good rates available.
The hotel looks good, and I don't know if things have gotten bad lately, but when we stayed there it was noisy as heck and the place is run by kids. We stayed AT FIRST (but not for long) on the first floor. Whatever was going on above us sounded like a wrestling match. It was there when we checked... More
We were staying here because it was close to Cedar Point. I have stayed at Hamptons often in the past, as I am an owner with Hilton Grand Vacations Club. Typically Hamptons are great. This one definitely was not, some maintenance issues with the room, and did not seem as nice as other Hamptons I've stayed in. The WiFi is... More
We are Hilton honors members and love the consistent accommodations, the staff was friendly. Our room was lovely, but due to a soccer tournament it was full of young boys who were running in the halls and kicking soccer balls. Not the hotels fault, but we were surprised at the noise level.
Second trip to this hotel and we won't stay anywhere else. Best hotel we have stayed at in a long time. The staff was excellent and did a great job recommending different resteraunts and other things to do while we waited for our hockey game.
This hotel looks amazing and the front desk staff is so kind! We set up a room for our guests during a wedding and everyone had such fabulous things to say- definitely recommend this hotel! Kecia is awesome to work with.
Place was clean and everything worked great. Bed was comfortable. Pool was very nice (there was areas to sit in the sun or shade). Breakfast was great (scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, fruit, bagels/muffins). Parking right in front of your door.
We enjoyed that our room was on the first floor and our vehicle was parked right outside the door. Room was clean and the air conditioning was cold. We were in town for a family getaway and we enjoyed our stay.
Staff was friendly, helpful and efficient in providing directions and getting around the area. Breakfast area was clean and well-stocked. Beds were not too soft. Overall appearance was good and I would recommend this hotel.
My wife and I stayed in the Champagne Suite. Initially, we had a bit of trouble finding 22 Brown Street but everything was great after that. Upon entering, there is the living room with a dining table for 4, pull out sofa and big, flat screen TV. To the left is the master bedroom with a king size bed and... More
Spent one night at the BB and on the whole, the place was nice. I want everyone to know that my low grade was based on a single experience and I have not been to this BB enough times to say how that grade would average over multiple stays. The staff was great, the room was large, and the location... More
This place was just ok, sketchy looking clientele lingering around outside, immediately next to the highway so ask for a room on the not highway side of the building. Spent the night just fine with only slight noise from neighbors but found an adult bed bug crawling on the wall in the bathroom (see photos) that went behind the light... More
Always completely satisfied with this cozy spot. Everything always works well, and the place is always clean and comfortable. My special request for an isolated, quiet room was well awarded. I like the fact that this motel is right down the road from I-71's Ohio Route 95 exit, yet it is far enough away from the expressway that there is... More
My two daughters drink water out of the tap and both became ill with stomach aches. If you have to stay here do not drink any of the water.I am sorry about your daughters but Water from city of Cleveland,OH
I was satisfied with this hotel. I just wanted a clean place to stay while attending the Convention at the hotel across the street.Thank u for staying and feed back
What makes this place great is the staff. Room was clean and functional. Breakfast was good. Bed was comfy. Not the newest hotel but it will do you justice. Would not be good if you were trying to sleep during the day as you are right next to the highway.
When you pay fifty bucks for a room you know not to expect the Ritz. That being said this was a decent value for the price. Clean, no noise, and right off the highway. Breakfast was included but we did not take part in that.
My husband and I stayed here for a bit, while he was in town working. The place was very cleaned, and newly remodeled... The front desk person, Rebel was very friendly... And very familiar with the town. Major thumbs up to Rebel...
This was a great time. clean rooms great customer service. Great Job to all. Thanks. Very friendly and helpful staff. Breakfast was good . if you went away hungry that was your fault. Pool and hot tub was very relaxing and quite.
Clean, brand new Hampton Inn! Easily accessible from the interstate. Grocery store nearby. Diamond parking right up front. Reasonably priced and quiet. Waffle station and a nice breakfast in the morning. Great job!
i sat on the bed with my feet on the floor. kicked an empty pop bottle out from under the bed. the towel bar was loose and kept falling on the floor, there was no holder on the toilet paper holder to hold the roll on. there were kids books in the drawer.(probably from the people who own and run... More
Had a very nice stay. The staff for the most part was very helpful. Above average free breakfast with many choices. Was very disappointed in housekeeping not cleaning our room. One day I called and later confirmed with front desk at 6pm that we didn't have service,even after calling them they had no idea I had called them. So we... More
Lancaster has a lot of history surrounding it and we were in town to explore it. The staff seemed genuinely interested in you and your comfort. You may want to ask for a room facing away from the highway, I have been told that this...More
It is disappointing that this Hampton Inn falls below my expectation. The carpet is old and smelly, and the hallway is dark and unwelcoming, Filter in spa is always broken. Quality of breakfast is below average. The location is convenient to shopping and restaurant. It...More
So, this hotel reminded me of a motel 6. Rooms were outdated. We stayed on the first floor and had to enter our room from the outside. Room was musty smelling. The shower's hot water, turned up all the way was not hot. The complimentary breakfast area had a bathroom (unisex) that workers were using while we were trying to... More
Checked in after 11 pm - Checked out before 11am. Had a great night sleep. The room was nice - able to maintain the fan to have that white noise. The check in clerk was able to handle my tricky checkin. Beds were comfortable.
I don't mind old hotels as they can have a quaint charm about them. But the Bertram is in dire need of some TLC. When checking in (I was here for a wedding), the staff failed to provide me the gift that the bride had prepared for her guests. The desk staff was pleasant but moved on to the next... More
I don't mind old hotels as they can have a quaint charm about them. But the Bertram is in dire need of some TLC. When checking in (I was here for a wedding), the staff failed to provide me the gift that the bride had prepared for her guests. The desk staff was pleasant but moved on to the next... More
Bed was super comfortable. Water pressure excellent. Service was stupendous. Food was great. Room was clean, I have a phobia and checked everything, everywhere for nasty and non was to be found. Overall a very pleasant experience. Would definitely stay here again.
We were here for a wedding reception so I can not rate the rooms other than the fact that the reception was on the second floor and they opened 2 rooms for use of the bathrooms. (I wouldn't stay here). The pool area could have been nice, for it had several pool tables, chairs and looked really nice, except for... More
We stopped in this hotel after another hotel changed our trips plans. We have stayed here twice before and were pleased. This trip they didn't disappoint us. The girl at check in was very helpful and friendly, as was everyone else we crossed paths with, the few days we stayed here. Clean rooms, the only draw back is there is... More
We stayed here over the Labor Day weekend. The rooms are smallish and crowded. The A/C worked really well. It could use a bit of cleaning up - there was hair under my pillow and hair in the shower. One of the lamps did not work. The swimming pool, however, was quite nice. Breakfast in the morning was good, though... More
It was a clean, safe, and convenient place to stay. The complimentary breakfast was nice. It varies from day to day. The hotel staff was very helpful and friendly! Next time I visit Ashland, I plan to stay there again.
clean, great staff, warm welcome! Front desk lady was great when we came in. Super helpful to our needs as we had a newborn baby. All the staff seemed to have a smile on. Perfect spot to stay! Thank you
Room very clean, close to freeways, nice neighborhood , lots of choices to dine, very good internet signal, lots of choices on cable TV. Nice clean area near Toledo, great for business trips to ToledoThanks Dave, we appreciate your good review as it motivate our staff to continue improving our product and service , See you next time your in maumee!!! sincerely, Debbie
stayed for 4 nights at comfort inn wheelersburg ohio. My son wanted to visit a friend that lives here so we came from florida over the thanksgiving break since both of them were out of school. this is a small town so did not expect to be at a fancy resort or plush hotel that one would expect in a... More
The room was nice but the lights were too bright. No dim light for just watching TV and relaxing
Very clean with a friendly staff. Have been staying off and on for business for over a month. Will always come back...very nice chain.
We were traveling and just decided to go as far as we could before checking into a hotel for the night. We found this Microtel and thought, it is probably too expensive just for a quick stay but no other area hotels had rooms available so we decided to stay. The price was fantastic!! The room was amazing! The staff... More
Small but highly functional, clean and priced right. Staff friendly and helpful. Will revisit on trips to and from FL. Would highly recommend
Very nice hotel. Clean and efficient. Had several odd charges on my card through my stay. I addressed them with the front desk and they were rapidly addressed and I was accommodated for my troubles. Would recommend this hotel and I will stay here again.
We came to visit family. The hotel room was good, we only slept here. They have a nice indoor pool and fitness room. They also have a restaurant and bar and conference rooms. It is conveniently located right off the major road. The staff was very friendly and helpful.
This was a Very Nice Hotel, Easy Access to Interstate and Down Town Attractions. Rooms were Clean, Quiet, Roomy, Amenities like Coffee Maker, Refrigerator, Microwave, Hair Drier. Very Relaxing, Convenient Restaurant and Bar, Banquet Rooms
We stayed here passing through Marietta, passed by several other hotels that didn't look the best and decided to try Comfort Suites. I'm SO glad that we did!!! The hotel was so clean, the staff went above and beyond to make sure our stay was comfortable, breakfast was delicious, and the girls that cleaned our room are so sweet! The... More
The Welcome Home is a beautifully appointed and cared for B B. It is cozy, very clean and has comfortable beds. The breakfasts are tasty, just ask for more if you really like something. You will be hosted with Grace at meals, Bible-based humor, and family discipleship stories. There is a small charge for TV in the rooms. Bakery... More
I was a member of a group that recently stayed at the inn. The grounds are lovely and the rooms are immaculate. However, many in our group were put off and made to feel uncomfortable by the deep religious orientation of this BB. We were also surprised that water, ice, coffee, etc were not made available except at breakfast. We... More
I cannot say enough about the customer service! We got in to a bit of a bind in our traveling plans and Joyce, the General Manager, went above and beyond!! She is a consummate professional! Highly recommend!!
Facility is quiet comfortable. People are very nice accommodating. If there is something you need they do their best to get it for you. I need gluten free they have breakfast foods that I can eat! You have to ask for them, but they are available in the kitchen they happily prepare them for you. Their... More
This was awesome motel to stay. People/staff were very friendly. Meals close by to eat and then by the OSU campus made it eve better. When we were on campus got the chance to see some free dance shows and just nice.
Paid double what it was worth because there was nothing else available. The staff was nice but that's as far as the pros go. Hair on bathroom floor, bed hard as a rock and and the room looks like it has not been updated since the 90's. If your passing through, just keep driving.
Even though the building is older, it was devorated nicely for the holiday. Room was clean. The gal in the breakfast nook was super attentive and friendly.
I recently stayed at the days inn in boardman Ohio. I understand it was a smoking room but when I got to my room it reeked of marijuana along with the tub being dirty and dozens of burn marks on the floor from cigarettes. Judging buy the hair that was in the bed I doubt that the sheets had been... More
I was in the process of driving to Canada and I drove from Tulsa, OK to Youngstown, OH in one shot. Normally this is about 15 hours in the car, but because of a massive snow storm it was over 18 hours. I was traveling with my dog and looked up pet friendly hotels on Expedia on the way and... More
The hotel was cozy. The room was small but clean. Loved the pillows!!! It was a nice decent hotel for the price we got it for. They offered a free breakfast and the guy that checked us in was very friendly and was very kind. We will definitely stay again.
you could tell the room hadn't been updated since the 80's and besides only smelling smoke in the non smoking room the beds were 1 foot and 10 inches apart from each other. I actually measured it and that atrocious thing you called breakfast dear lord it was horrible oh and there was hair all over the bathroom like someone... More
I was there for couple days. The staff was very helpful and friendly. Comfortable stay. Cheap prices. The rooms were clean and neat. Good breakfast. Internet was little slow. But it got better later on.
My stay at the hotel was only one night but it was great. I so enjoyed watching the planes take off.
I stayed for 22 days I'd stay longer. Friendly staff. Great Security. They watch out 4 their guests. Room is beautiful! Noise from hardwood floors needs work, though. Top floor helps wth that prblm.
